THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

AND CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES

with

Lists of the Public General Acts and Local Acts and a Table of the Effect of Legislation and an Index

HER MAJESTY’ STATIONERY OFFICE

PART II

LONDON

1969

PRICE £11. 10s. Od. NET (for both parts)

Printed by Hakky Pttchporth.

Controller of Her Majesty's Stationery Office and Queen’s Printer of Acts of Parliament

c

The Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measures which received the Royal Assent in 1968 in which year ended the Sixteenth and began the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth the Second and ended the Second Session and began the Third Session of the Forty-Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland

e

CONTENTS

PART II

Page

Table I: Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1968 ...

Table II: Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1968 ... J

Table ID: Alphabetical List of the Local and Personal Acts of 1968 ... m

Table IV: Chronological List of the Church Assembly Measures of 1968 o

The Public General Acts of 1968, cc. 49-77 1263

The Church Assembly Measures of 1968, Nos. 1-2 2427

Table V: Tables of the Derivations of the Consolidation Acts of 1968 i

Table VI: Effect of Legislation xlv

Index to the Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measures of 1968 clxxi

g

TABLE I

Alphabetical List of

the Public General Acts of 1968

Administration of Justice Act (c. 5)

Adoption Act (c. 53)

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act (c. 34)

Air Corporations Act (c. 30)

Appropriation Act (c. 43)

British Standard Time Act (c. 45)

Capital Allowances Act (c. 3)

Caravan Sites Act (c. 52)

Civil Aviation Act (c. 61)

Civil Evidence Act (c. 64)

Clean Air Act (c. 62)

Commonwealth Immigrants Act (c. 9)

Commonwealth Telecommunications Act (c. 24)

Consolidated Fund Act (c. 1)

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act (c. 15)

Consular Relations Act (c. 18)

Countryside Act (c. 41)

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act (c. 20)

Criminal Appeal Act (c. 19)

Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act (c. 21)

Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Amendment Act

(c. 33)

Customs (Import Deposits) Act (c. 74)

Design Copyright Act (c. 68)

Domestic and Appellate Proceedings (Restriction of Publicity) Act (c. 63)

Education Act (c. 17)

Education (No. 2) Act (c. 37)

Erskine Bridge Tolls Act (c. 4) ...

Expiring Laws Continuance Act (c. 76) Export Guarantees Act (c. 26) ...

Part Page

I 150

II 1379

I 791

I 685

I 955

I 1140

II 1368

II 1501

II 1543

II 1523

I 169

I 601

I 259

I 342

I 873

I 401

I 365

I 435

I 786

U 2379

U 1857

II 1539

I 330

I 852

I 135

II 2399

I 605

h

Alphabetical List

Family Allowances and National Insurance Act (c. 40) Part I Page 865

Finance Act (c.44) • I 1011

Firearms Act (c. 27) • I 611

Friendly and Industrial and Provident Societies Act (c. 55) ... II 1413

Gaming Act (c. 65) II 1567

Gas and Electricity Act (c. 39) ... I 859

Health Services and Public Health Act (c. 46) I 1143

Hearing Aid Council Act (c. 50) II 1353

Highlands and Islands Development (Scotland) Act (c. 51) n 1366

Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act (c. 31) i 687

Hovercraft Act (c. 59) ii 1457

Industrial Expansion Act (c. 32) i 769

International Monetary Fund Act (c. 58) ... n 1454

International Organisations Act (c. 48) ... i 1247

Justices of the Peace Act (c. 69) ... ii 1859

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) (Scotland) Act (c. 70) n 1883

Legitimation (Scotland) Act (c. 22) Local Authorities* Mutual Investment Act (c. 25) •.. i 463

... i 602

London Cab Act (c. 7) ... i 159

Maintenance Orders Act (c. 36) i 850

Mauritius Independence Act (c. 8) ... i 163

Medicines Act (c. 67) ... n 1691

Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act (c. 75) ... ii 2395

National Loans Act (c. 13) i 203

New Towns (Scotland) Act (c. 16) ... i 261

Overseas Aid Act (c. 57) ... ii 1448

Prices and Incomes Act (c. 42) i 935

Provisional Collection of Taxes Act (c. 2) ... i 3

Public Expenditure and Receipts Act (c. 14) i 249

Race Relations Act (c. 71) ii 1921

Rent Act (c. 23) ... i 469

Restrictive Trade Practices Act (c. 66) ... ii 1673

Revenue Act (c. 11) ... i 178

Alphabetical List

i

Part Page

Sale of Venison (Scotland) Act (c. 38) I 856

Sea Fisheries Act (c. 77) n 2401

Sewerage (Scotland) Act (c. 47) i 1211

Social Work (Scotland) Act (c. 49) n 1263

Swaziland Independence Act (c. 56) ii 1441

Teachers Superannuation (Scotland) Act (c. 12) i 187

Theatres Act (c. 54) ii 1393

Theft Act (c. 60) n 1465

Town and Country Planning Act (c. 72) Trade Descriptions Act (c. 29) n i 1955 659

Transport Act (c. 73) n 2097

Transport Holding Company Act (c. 10) i 176

Trustee Savings Banks Act (c. 6) i 153

Water Resources Act (c. 35) i 848

Wills Act (c. 28) i 657

j

TABLE II

Chronological List of

the Public General Acts of 1968

Chapter Part Page

1 Consolidated Fund Act I 1

*2 Provisional Collection of Taxes Act I 3

*3 Capital Allowances Act I 9

4 Erskine Bridge Tolls Act I 135

5 Administration of Justice Act I 150

6 Trustee Savings Banks Act I 153

7 London Cab Act I 159

8 Mauritius Independence Act I 163

9 Commonwealth Immigrants Act I 169

10 Transport Holding Company Act I 176

11 Revenue Act I 178

12 Teachers Superannuation (Scotland) Act 1 187

13 National Loans Act I 203

14 Public Expenditure and Receipts Act 1 249

15 Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act 1 259

*16 New Towns (Scotland) Act I 261

17 Education Act 1 330

18 Consular Relations Act 1 342

*19 Criminal Appeal Act I 365

*20 Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act I 401

*21 Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act I 435

22 Legitimation (Scotland) Act I 463

*23 Rent Act 1 469

24 Commonwealth Telecommunications Act I 601

25 Local Authorities’Mutual Investment Trust Act ... I 602

*26 Export Guarantees Act I 605

*27 Firearms Act 1 611

28 Wills Act 1 657

29 Trade Descriptions Act I 659

* Consolidation Act.

Chronological List

k

Chapter Part Page

30 Air Corporations Act ... I 685

•31 Housing (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act ... I 687

32 Industrial Expansion Act ... I 769

33 Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Amendment Act I 786

34 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act ... I 791

35 Water Resources Act I 848

36 Maintenance Orders Act I 850

37 Education (No. 2) Act I 852

38 Sale of Venison (Scotland) Act I 856

39 Gas and Electricity Act I 859

40 Family Allowances and National Insurance Act I 865

41 Countryside Act I 873

42 Prices and Incomes Act I 935

43 Appropriation Act I 955

44 Finance Act I 1011

45 British Standard Time Act ... I 1140

46 Health Services and Public Health Act I 1143

47 Sewerage (Scotland) Act ... I 1211

48 International Organisations Act ... I 1247

49 Social Work (Scotland) Act •.. II 1263

50 Hearing Aid Council Act ... II 1353

51 Highlands and Islands (Development) (Scotland) Act II 1366

52 Caravan Sites Act ... II 1368

53 Adoption Act II 1379

54 Theatres Act II 1393

55 Friendly and Industrial and Provident Societies Act II 1413

56 Swaziland Independence Act II 1441

57 Overseas Aid Act II 1448

58 International Monetary Fund Act ... II 1454

59 Hovercraft Act ... II 1457

60 Theft Act ... II 1465

61 Civil Aviation Act ... II 1501

62 Clean Air Act II 1523

63 Domestic and Appellate Proceedings (Restriction Publicity) Act of II 1539

64 Civil Evidence Act II 1543

65 Gaming Act II 1567

66 Restrictive Trade Practices Act II 1673

67 Medicines Act II 1691

• Consolidation Act.

Chronological List

Chapter Part Page

68 Design Copyright Act II 1857

69 Justices of the Peace Act 11 1859

70 Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) (Scotland) Act II 1883

71 Race Relations Act 11 1921

72 Town and Country Planning Act II 1955

73 Transport Act II 2097

74 Customs (Import Deposits) Act II 2379

75 Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act II 2395

76 Expiring Laws Continuance Act II 2399

77 Sea Fisheries Act II 2401

m

TABLE III

Alphabetical List of

the Local and Personal Acts of 1968

Chapter No.

Advocates* Widows* and Orphans* Fund Order Confirmation Act ... xH? Airdrie Court House Commissioners (Dissolution) Order Confirmation Act i

All Saints, Streatham Act vii

Birmingham Corporation Act xvi

Brighton Marina Act ii

British Railways Act xxxiv

British Railways (Mersey Railway Extensions) Act xxx?

Cheshire County Council Act xxxvi

Christ Church with Saint Andrew and Saint Michael Act xi

City of London (Various Powers) Act xxxvii

Crosby Corporation Act xxiv

Durban Navigation Collieries Act xx

Durham County Council Act xxxvill

Ely Ouse-Essex Water Act xxvi

Epping Forest (Waterworks Comer) Act iii

Felixstowe Dock and Railway Act xix

Great Northern London Cemetery Company Act xxvii

Greater London Council (General Powers) Act xxxix

Greater London Council (Money) Act xli

Greater London Council (Vauxhall Cross Improvements) Act ... xx?

Holy Trinity, West Hampstead Act viii

Hounslow Corporation Act xxviii

Lancashire County Council (General Powers) Act xxix

Leicester Corporation Act xl

London Transport Act xviii

Medway Water (Bewl Bridge Reservoir) Act xxxiii

Mersey Docks and Harbour Board Act xxx

Mersey Tunnel (Liverpool/Wallesey) Act xii

Mid-Glamorgan Water Act xxxi

Mill Lane, Kirk Ella, Burial Ground Act vi

Ministry of Housing and Local Government Provisional Orders

Confirmation (Blackpool and Stourbridge) Act xxii

Ministry of Housing and Local Government Provisional Order

Confirmation (West Kent Main Sewerage District) Act xxiii

Newcastle upon Tyne Corporation Act xlll

Port of London Act xxxli

Royal Bank of Scotland Order Confirmation Act xliil

Royal College of Art Act x

Saint George, Botolph Lane Churchyard Act xv

Saint James and Saint Paul, Plumstead Act xxl

n

Local and Personal Acts

Chapter No.

Saint Mary, Summerstown Act v

Salvation Army Act xiii

Scottish Life Assurance Act iv

Thames Valley Water Act xiv

University of Salford Act ix

University of Wales Institute of Science and Technology Act ... xvii

TABLE IV

Chronological List of

the Church Assembly Measures of 1968

Measures passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England which received the Royal Assent during the year 1968

No. 1. Pastoral Measure 1968.

No. 2. Prayer Book (Further Provisions) Measure 1968.

Ch. 49

1263

Social Work (Scotland)

Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 49

An Act to make further provision for promoting social welfare in Scotland; to consolidate with amendments certain enactments relating to the care and protection of children; to amend the law relating to the supervision and care of persons put on probation or released from prison etc.; to restrict the prosecution of children for offences; to establish children’s panels to provide children’s hearings in the case of children requiring compulsory measures of care; and for purposes connected with the aforesaid matters.

[26th July 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Administration

Performance of their duties by local authorities

1.—(1) It shall be the duty of a local authority to enforce Local and execute within their area the provisions of this Act with authorities respect to which the duty is not expressly, or by necessary impli- for the cation, imposed on some other authority. of the AcTU°D

(2) The local authorities for the purposes of this Act shall be county councils and the councils of large burghs within the meaning of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947; and 1947 c. 43 any small burgh within the meaning of that Act shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to be included in the county in which it is situated.

2 s

1264

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part I

1948 c. 53. 1960 c. 61.

1947 c. 28.

1947 c. 43.

The social work

committee.

1937 c. 37. 1958 c. 40. 1958 c. 65.

(3) Any reference in this Act to a county or to the council thereof shall be construed, in relation to counties combined for the purposes mentioned in section 118(1) of the said Act of 1947, as a reference to the combined county or the joint county council.

(4) The functions of local health authorities in respect of their areas under the following enactments—

(a) the Nurseries and Child-Minders Regulation Act 1948;

(b) the Mental Health (Scotland) Act 1960 (other than

their functions under section 7(1) thereof so far as relating to the ascertainment of mental deficiency); and

(c) section 27 of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1947 (care and after-care of persons who are or have been suffering from illness), other than functions relating to medical, dental or nursing care, or to health visiting,

are hereby transferred to the local authorities of those areas.

(5) On the date of the commencement of Part HI of this Act the functions of education authorities in relation to the establishments which immediately before that date were approved schools and the children resident therein shall be transferred to the local authorities in whose areas the said children are ordinarily resident or, in the case of children who have no ordinary residence in Scotland, such local authorities as the Secretary of State may determine.

(6) Before any two or more local authorities exercise their power to combine by virtue of section 119 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947 for any of the purposes of this Act they shall consult with the Secretary of State.

2.—(1) Every local authority shall establish a social work committee for the purposes of their functions under this Act

(2) Except as otherwise expressly provided, all matters relating to the performance of their functions under the following enactments—

(a) this Act

(b) Part IV of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland)

Act 1937,

(c) sections 10 to 12 of the Matrimonial Proceedings

(Children) Act 1958,

(d) Part I of the Children Act 1958,

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1265

(e) the Adoption Act 1958,

(f) section 101(1) of the Housing Act 1964, and

(g) the enactments mentioned in subsection (4) of the fore-

going section,

shall stand referred to the social work committee, and before exercising any of the said functions the authority shall, unless the matter is urgent, consider a report of the social work committee with respect thereto.

(3) The social work committee, or any sub-committee thereof, may include persons specially qualified by reason of experience or training in matters relating to the functions of the committee, notwithstanding that they are not members of the local authority:

Provided that at least two-thirds of the members of the committee, and a majority of the members of any sub-committee thereof, shall be members of the authority.

(4) Sections 39 and 40 of the Children Act 1948 (provisions relating to establishment of children’s committee) shall cease to have effect.

3.—(1) For the purposes of their functions under the enactments referred to in section 2(2) of this Act, a local authority shall, in accordance with the provisions of this section, appoint an officer, to be known as the director of social work.

(2) The qualifications of the director of social work shall be such as the Secretary of State may prescribe.

(3) Any vacancy in the appointment of director of social work shall be advertised by the local authority and, unless and until the Secretary of State prescribes qualifications under the last foregoing subsection, copies of all the applications received for the vacancy shall be forwarded by the local authority to the Secretary of State who shall compile a list of those applicants whom he considers qualified for the appointment, and if he considers none of the applicants to be qualified for the appointment he shall require die local authority to re-advertise the vacancy, and the local authority shall comply with the requirement with or without any change in the terms and conditions of service offered.

(4) The Secretary of State shall send a copy of any such list as aforesaid to the local authority who submitted the applications from which the list was compiled, and the local authority shall appoint a person from among those named on that list, or, if they do not wish to appoint a person so nominated, a person nominated on a subsequent list compiled as aforesaid after re-advertisement of the vacancy.

2 2

Part I 1958 c. 5.

(7 & 8 Eliz. 2). 1964 c. 56.

1948 c. 43.

The director of social work.

1266

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part I

1947 c. 43.

1948 c. 43.

Provisions relating to performance of functions by local authorities.

Powers of Secretary of State.

(5) The director of social work shall hold his office during the pleasure of the local authority, but he shall not be removed therefrom, or be required to resign as an alternative thereto, except by a resolution of that authority passed by not less than two-thirds of the members present at a meeting of the authority, notice of which specifies as an item of business the consideration of the removal from office of the director of social work or his being required to resign.

(6) The director of social work of a local authority shall not. except with the consent of the Secretary of State, be employed by that authority in any other capacity.

(7) A local authority shall secure the provision of adequate staff for assisting the director of social work in the performance of his functions.

(8) The provisions as to remuneration and tenure of office contained in sections 82 and 92 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947, so far as these provisions are not inconsistent with any of the foregoing provisions of this section, shall apply to directors of social work and their staffs.

(9) Section 41 of the Children Act 1948 (children's officer) shall cease to have effect

4. Where a function is assigned to a local authority under this Act and a voluntary organisation or other person, including another local authority, is able to assist in the performance of that function, the local authority may make arrangements with such an organisation or other person for the provision of such assistance as aforesaid.

Central Authority

5.—(1) Local authorities shall perform their functions under this Act under the general guidance of the Secretary of State.

(2) The Secretary of State may make regulations in relation to the performance of the functions assigned to local authorities by this Act and in relation to the activities of voluntary organisations in so far as those activities are concerned with the like purposes.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsection, regulations under this section may make provision for the boarding-out of persons by local authorities and voluntary organisations, whether under any enactment or otherwise, and may provide—

(a) for the recording by local authorities and voluntary organisations of information relating to persons with

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1267

whom persons are boarded out as aforesaid, and to Part I persons who are willing to have persons boarded out with them;

(b) for securing that persons shall not be boarded out in

any household unless that household is for the time being approved by such local authority or voluntary organisation as may be prescribed by the regulations;

(c) in the case of a child, for securing that, where possible,

the person with whom any child is to be boarded out is either of the same religious persuasion as the child or gives an undertaking that the child shall be brought up in that religious persuasion;

(d) for securing that persons boarded out as aforesaid,

and the places in which they are boarded out, shall be supervised and inspected by a local authority or voluntary organisation, as the case may be, and that those persons shall be removed from those places if their welfare appears to require it.

6.—(1) Any duly authorised officer of the Secretary of State Supervision may enter any of the following places for the purpose of making of such examinations into the state and management of the place, CntS

and the condition and treatment of the persons in it, as he aceommoda-thinks necessary and for the purpose of inspecting any records tion for or registers required to be kept therein by virtue of this Act, persons and that is to sav— inspection of

records etc.

(a) any residential or other establishment provided by a local authority or a voluntary organisation or other person for the purposes of this Act;

(b) any place where there is being maintained—

(i) a foster child within the meaning of the Children Act 1958,

(ii) a protected child within the meaning of Part IV of the Adoption Act 1958;

(c) any place where any person is for the time being

boarded out by a local authority or a voluntary organisation;

1958 c. 65.

1958 c. 5 (7 & 8 Eliz. 2).

(d) any place registrable under the Nurseries and Child- 1948 c. 53. Minders Regulation Act 1948 or the home of any person so registrable.

(2) Any such officer as aforesaid may at all reasonable times enter the offices of a local authority or of a voluntary organisation for the purpose of inspecting any records or registers relating to any establishment or place mentioned in the foregoing subsection or relating to any persons to whom the authority

2 s 3

1268

Part I

Advisory Council on Social Work.

Ch. 49 Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

or organisation has made available advice, guidance or assistance in pursuance of this Act, or who may require such advice, guidance or assistance, and may carry out that inspection.

(3) The power conferred by subsection (1) of this section may be exercised in respect of any place which an officer has reasonable cause to believe to be used as an establishment in respect of which the person carrying on the establishment is registrable under Part IV of this Act

(4) An officer who proposes to exercise any power of entry or inspection conferred by this section shall, if so required, produce a duly authenticated document showing his authority to exercise the power.

(3) Any person who obstructs the exercise of any such power as aforesaid shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds in the case of a first offence and fifty pounds in any other case.

7.—(1) There shall be an Advisory Council on Social Work (hereafter in this section referred to as the Council) to be appointed by the Secretary of State, for the purpose of advising him on matters connected with the performance of his functions and those of local authorities in relation to social welfare, and with the activities of voluntary organisations connected with those functions.

(2) The Council shall consist of such persons, to be appointed by the Secretary of State, as he may think fit, being persons specially qualified to deal with the aforesaid matters and other persons having experience which the Secretary of State considers valuable; and among the persons appointed under this subsection there shall be persons having experience in local government.

(3) The Secretary of State shall appoint a chairman, and a secretary, of the Council.

(4) It shall be the duty of the Council to advise the Secretary of State on any matter which he may refer to them, being such a matter as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, and they may also, of their own motion, make representations to the Secretary of State on any such matter as is mentioned in that subsection.

(5) The Secretary of State may require the Council to appoint, and the Council, with the approval of the Secretary of State, shall have power to appoint committees to deal with any matter mentioned in the said subsection (1), and any committee appointed under this subsection shall include such persons as may be nominated by the Secretary of State.

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1269

(6) The Secretary of State may make such payments to the Part I members of the Council and to the members of any committees appointed under the provisions of this section, in respect of travelling, subsistence and other expenses as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine.

(7) On the establishment of the Council, the Advisory Council on Child Care for Scotland and die After Care Council shall cease to exist and the records of those bodies shall pass to and vest in the Council.

(8) Section 44 of the Children Act 1948 (Advisory Council on 1948 c. 43. Child Care for Scotland) and section 18(1) to (3A) of the Prisons 1952 c. 61. (Scotland) Act 1952 (After Care Council) shall cease to have

effect.

Research, training courses and financial and other assistance

8. —(1) The Secretary of State may conduct or assist other Research, persons in conducting research into any matter connected with

his functions or the functions of local authorities in relation to social welfare, and with the activities of voluntary organisations connected with those functions.

(2) Any local authority may conduct or assist other persons in conducting research into any matter connected with their functions in relation to social welfare.

(3) The Secretary of State and any local authority may make financial assistance available in connection with any research which they may conduct or which they may assist other persons in conducting under the provisions of this section.

9. —(1) The Secretary of State may provide courses of training Training for persons with a view to, or in the course of, their employment courses and or the use of their services for the purposes of this Act.

(2) The Secretary of State may make grants of such amounts,social work* and subject to such conditions, as he may with the consent

of the Treasury determine towards any fees or expenses incurred by persons undergoing training for any of the purposes of this Act in circumstances such that it appears to the Secretary of State requisite that the grants should be made, and may defray or contribute towards the cost of maintenance of persons undergoing such training.

(3) The Secretary of State may make grants of such amounts, and subject to such conditions, as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine towards expenses incurred by any body of persons in providing training as aforesaid.

2 4

1270

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part I

Financial and other assistance to voluntary organisations etc., for social work.

1968 c. 46.

Acquisition of land.

1947 c. 42.

General social welfare services of local authorities.

10. —(1) The Secretary of State may make grants and loans of such amounts, and subject to such conditions, as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine towards expenses incurred by voluntary organisations or other persons engaged in any activity connected with his functions or the functions of local authorities under this Act, in circumstances where it appears to the Secretary of State that such grants or loans should be made.

(2) The conditions on which any grants are paid under the foregoing subsection may include conditions for securing the repayment in whole or in part of such grants.

(3) A local authority may make contributions by way of grant or loan to any voluntary organisation the sole or primary object of which is to promote social welfare.

(4) A local authority may also make available to such a voluntary organisation as aforesaid the use of premises belonging to the authority on such terms as may be agreed, and furniture, vehicles or equipment (whether by way of gift, loan or otherwise) and the services of any staff employed by the authority in connection with the premises or other things belonging to the local authority which the voluntary organisation is permitted to use.

(5) On the commencement of this Act, the power of the Secretary of State to give financial assistance and of local authorities to give financial and other assistance under sections 64 and 65 of the Health Services and Public Health Act 1968 shall cease in so far as any such assistance may be given under this section.

Acquisition of land

11. —(1) A local authority may be authorised by the Secretary of State to purchase compulsorily any land, whether situated in or outside their area for the purposes of any of their functions under this Act.

(2) The Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act 1947 shall apply in relation to the compulsory purchase of land under this section as if the last foregoing subsection had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act.

Part II

Promotion of Social Welfare by Local Authorities

General

12.—(1) It shall be the duty of every local authority to promote social welfare by making available advice, guidance and assistance on such a scale as may be appropriate for their

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1271

area, and in that behalf to make arrangements and to provide Part n or secure the provision of such facilities (including the provision or arranging for the provision of residential and other establishments) as they may consider suitable and adequate, and such assistance may be given to, or in respect of, the persons specified in the next following subsection in kind or in cash, subject to subsections (3) and (4) of this section.

(2) The persons specified for the purposes of the foregoing subsection are—

(a) a person, being a child under the age of eighteen,

requiring assistance in kind, or in exceptional circumstances in cash, where such assistance appears to the local authority likely to diminish the need—

(i) to receive him into, or to keep him in, care under this Part of this Act, or

(ii) of his being referred to a children’s hearing under Part III of this Act;

(b) a person in need requiring assistance in kind or, in

exceptional circumstances constituting an emergency, in cash, where the giving of assistance in either form would avoid the local authority being caused greater expense in the giving of assistance in another form, or where probable aggravation of the person’s need would cause greater expense to the local authority on a later occasion.

(3) Before giving assistance to, or in respect of, a person in cash under subsection (1) of this section a local authority shall have regard to his eligibility for receiving assistance from any other statutory body and, if he is so eligible, to the availability to him of that assistance in his time of need.

(4) Assistance given in kind or in cash to, or in respect of, persons under this section may be given unconditionally or subject to such conditions as to the repayment of the assistance, or of its value, whether in whole or in part, as the local authority may consider reasonable having regard to the means of the person receiving the assistance and to the eligibility of the person for assistance from any other statutory body.

(5) Nothing in the provisions of this section shall affect the performance by a local authority of their functions under any other enactment.

13. Where, by virtue of the last foregoing section, a local Power of local authority make arrangements or provide or secure the provision authorities to of facilities for the engagement of persons in need (whether under a contract of service or otherwise) in suitable work, that disposal of local authority may assist such persons in disposing of the produce of produce of their work. work.

2 *

1272

Ch. 49

' Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part II

Home help and laundry facilities.

1968 c. 46.

Home help

14.—(1) It shall be the duty of every local authority to provide on such scale as is adequate for the needs of their area, or to arrange for the provision on such a scale as is so adequate of. home help for households where such help is required owing to the presence, or the proposed presence, of a person in need or a person who is an expectant mother or lying-in. and every such authority shall have power to provide or arrange for the provision of laundry facilities for households for which home help is being, or can be. provided under this subsection.

(2) A local authority may. with the approval of the Secretary of State, recover from persons availing themselves of help or facilities provided under this section such charges (if any) as the authority consider reasonable, having regard to the means of. and the cost of the help or facilities made available to. those persons.

(3) It shall not be a requirement that any matter relating to the discharge of their functions under this section by a local authority shall stand referred to their social work committee.

(4) On the coming into operation of the provisions of this and the last two foregoing sections, the provisions of sections 13, 44 and 45 of the Health Services and Public Health Act 1968 shall cease to have effect

Duty of local authority to provide for orphans, deserted children, etc.

Special provisions as to the care of children in need

15.—(1) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act where it appears to a local authority with respect to a child in their area appearing to them to be under the age of seventeen—

(a) that he has neither parent nor guardian or has been and remains abandoned by his parent or guardian or is lost; or

(b) that his parent or guardian is, for the time being or permanently, prevented by reason of illness or mental disorder or bodily disease or infirmity or other incapacity or any other circumstances from providing for his proper accommodation, maintenance and upbringing; and

(c) in either case, that the intervention of the local authority under this section is necessary in the interests of the welfare of the child,

it shall be the duty of the local authority tq receive the child into their care under this section.

(2) Where a local authority have received a child into their care under this section, it shall, subject to the provisions of this

Social Work ( Scotla Act 1968

Ch. 49

1273

Part of this Act, be their duty to keep the child in their care so Part II long as the welfare of the child appears to them to require it and the child has not attained the age of eighteen.

(3) If, at the time when a child is received into the care of a local authority under this section, the whereabouts of any parent or guardian of his are unknown, it shall be the duty of the local authority to take all reasonable steps to discover them; and nothing in this section shall authorise a local authority to keep a child in their care under this section if any parent or guardian desires to take over the care of the child, and the local authority shall, in all cases where it appears to them consistent with the welfare of the child so to do, endeavour to secure that the care of the child is taken over either—

(a) by a parent or guardian of his, or

(b) by a relative or friend of his, being, where possible, a person of the same religious persuasion as the child or who gives an undertaking that the child will be brought up in that religious persuasion.

(4) Where a local authority receive a child into their care under this section who is then ordinarily resident in the area of another local authority, that other local authority may within three months after the determination (whether by agreement between the authorities or under section 86 of this Act) of the ordinary residence of the child, or with the concurrence of the first-mentioned authority at any subsequent time, take over the care of the child; and a local authority shall not exercise their right to take over the care of a child under this subsection unless they are satisfied that the taking-over will not be detrimental to his welfare.

(5) Where under the last foregoing subsection a local authority take over the care of a child from another local authority, that other authority shall where possible inform the parent of the child that the care of the child has been so taken over.

16.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a Assumption local authority may, with respect to any child in their care under by local auth-the last foregoing section in whose case it appears to them— Rental rights

(a) that his parents are dead and that he has no guardian; or

(b) that a parent or guardian of his (hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to as the person on whose account the resolution was passed)—

(i) has abandoned him, or

(ii) suffers from some permanent disability rendering the said person incapable of caring for the child, or

2 2*

1274

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part II

1960 c. 61.

(iii) suffers from a mental disorder which renders him unfit to have the care of the child, or

(iv) is of such habits or mode of life as to be unfit to have the care of the child, or

(v) has so persistently failed without reasonable cause to discharge the obligations of a parent or guardian as to be unfit to have the care of the child.

resolve that all the rights and powers which the deceased parent would have if he were still living, or, as the case may be. all the rights and powers of the person on whose account the resolution was passed, shall vest in the local authority.

(2) In the case of a resolution passed by virtue of paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection, unless the person on whose account the resolution was passed has consented in writing to the passing of the resolution, the local authority, if the whereabouts of the said person are known to them, shall forthwith after die passing of the resolution serve on him notice in writing of the passing thereof; and if, not later than one month after such a notice is served on him, the person on whose account the resolution was passed serves a notice in writing on the local authority objecting to the resolution, the resolution shall, subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of this section, lapse on the expiration of fourteen days from the service of the notice of objection.

Every notice served by a local authority under this subsection shall inform the person on whom the notice is served of his right to object to the resolution and of the effect of any objection made by him.

(3) Where a notice has been served on a local authority under the last foregoing subsection, the authority may, not later than fourteen days from the receipt by them of the notice, apply by way of summary application against the objection to the resolution to the sheriff having jurisdiction in the area of the authority, and in that event the resolution shall not lapse by reason of the service of the notice until the determination of the application, and the sheriff may, on the hearing of the application, order that the resolution shall not lapse by reason of the service of the notice:

Provided that the sheriff shall not so order unless satisfied that the child had been, and at the time when the resolution was passed remained, abandoned by the person who made the objection, or that that person is unfit to have the care of the child by reason of mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act 1960, or, in the case of a person furth of Scotland. would be deemed to be so unfit if that Act

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1275

applied to him, or by reason of his habits or mode of life, or by Part II reason of his persistent failure to discharge the obligations of a parent or guardian.

(4) Where, after a child has been received into the care of a local authority under the last foregoing section, the whereabouts of any parent or guardian of his have remained unknown for not less than twelve months, the parent or guardian shall, for the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this section, be deemed to have abandoned the child.

(5) Any notice under this section may be served by post, so however that a notice served by a local authority under subsection (2) of this section shall not be duly served by post unless it is sent in a registered letter or by recorded delivery service.

17.—(1) While a resolution passed by virtue of paragraph Effect of (a) of subsection (1) of section 16 of this Act is in force with '°n

respect to a child, all rights and powers which the deceased authority of parents would have if they were still living shall, in respect of parental the child, be vested in the local authority in accordance with rights, the resolution.

(2) While a resolution passed by virtue of paragraph ( of the said subsection (1) is in force with respect to a child, all rights and powers of the person on whose account the resolution was passed shall, in respect of the child, be vested in the local authority in accordance with the resolution, and subsection (3) of section 15 of this Act shall not, in respect of the child, apply in relation to the person on whose account the resolution was passed.

(3) A resolution under section 16 of this Act shall not prevent the local authority from allowing, either for a fixed period or until the local authority otherwise determine, the care of the child to be taken over by, and the child to be under the control of, a parent, guardian, relative or friend in any case where it appears to the authority to be for the benefit of the child.

(4) Where a resolution under section 16 of this Act is in force in respect of a child and the child has ceased to be in the care of the local authority by whom the resolution was passed, then (without prejudice to the provisions of section 15 of this Act if those provisions apply) the local authority by whom the resolution was passed shall have power to receive the child back into their care in any circumstances in which it appears to them that their intervention under this subsection is necessary in the interests of the welfare of the child.

(5) Where a local authority receive a child into their care under the last foregoing subsection, the provisions of this Act,

2 3*

1276

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part II

Duration and rescission of resolutions under section 16.

except subsection (4) of section IS thereof, shall apply as if the child had been received into their care under the said section

15.

(6) A resolution under the said section 16 shall not relieve any person from any liability to maintain, or contribute to the maintenance of, the child.

(7) A resolution under the said section 16 shall not authorise a local authority to cause a child to be brought up in any religious persuasion other than that in which he would have been brought up but for the resolution.

(8) Any person who—

(a) knowingly assists or induces or persistently attempts to

induce a child to whom this section applies to run away, or

(b) without lawful authority takes away such a child, or

(c) knowingly harbours or conceals such a child who has

run away or who has been taken away or prevents him from returning,

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both such fine and such imprisonment

(9) Where a local authority have, in accordance with subsection (3) of this section, allowed any person to take over the care of a child with respect to whom a resolution under the said section 16 is in force and have by notice in writing required that person to return the child at a time specified in the notice (which, if that person has been allowed to take over the care of the child for a fixed period, shall not be earlier than the end of that period) any person who harbours or conceals the child after that time or prevents him from returning as required by the notice shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both such fine and such imprisonment

18,—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a resolution under section 16 of this Act shall continue in force until the child with respect to whom it was passed attains the age of eighteen.

(2) A resolution under the said section 16 may be rescinded by resolution of the local authority if it appears to them that the rescinding of the resolution will be for the benefit of the child.

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1277

(3) On a summary application for the determining of a Part II resolution being made—

(a) in the case of a resolution passed by virtue of paragraph

(a) of subsection (1) of the said section 16, by a person claiming to be a parent or guardian of the child;

(b) in the case of a resolution passed by virtue of paragraph

(b) thereof, by the person on whose account the resolution was passed,

the sheriff, having jurisdiction where the applicant resides, if satisfied that there was no ground for the making of the resolution or that the resolution should in the interests of the child be determined, may by order determine the resolution, and the resolution shall thereupon cease to have effect:

Provided that, if the sheriff thinks fit, he may, in lieu of determining the resolution, order that, either for a fixed period or until he, or, if the order so provides, the local authority, otherwise direct, the local authority shall allow the care of the child to be taken over by, and the child to be under the control of, the applicant

(4) A court may entertain an application under section 4(2A)

of the Guardianship of Infants Act 1925 to appoint a guardian 1925 c. 45. of an infant notwithstanding that by virtue of a resolution under section 16 of this Act a local authority have parental rights with respect to him; but where on such an application the court appoints a guardian the resolution shall cease to have effect

19. The Children Act 1958 shall have effect subject to the Amendment

amendments set out in Schedule 1 to this Act. of Children

Act 1958.

1958 c. 65.

20. —(1) Where a child is in the care of a local authority Duty of local under any enactment it shall be the duty of that authority to authority to exercise their powers with respect to him so as to further his

best interests, and to afford him opportunity for the proper devel- of a JIhUcfin opment of his character and abilities. their care and

to afford

(2) In providing for a child in their care as aforesaid, a opportunity local authority shall make such use of facilities and services avail- for his proper able for children in the care of their own parents as appears to development the local authority reasonable in his case.

(3) Where a local authority allow the care of a child to be taken over under section 17(3) or 18(3) of this Act, their duties in respect of the child under this section shall not be affected by that take-over.

2 4*

1278

Ch . 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part II 21.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a local

Mode of authority shall discharge their duty to provide accommodation

provision of and maintenance for a child in their care— accommodation and (a) by boarding him out on such terms as to payment by the

maintenance. authority and otherwise as the authority may, subject

to the provisions of this Act and regulations thereunder, determine; or

(b) by maintaining the child in a residential establishment.

(2) Nothing in the foregoing subsection shall be construed as preventing a local authority from making use, in the case of any child, of any such facilities and services as are referred to in subsection (2) of the last foregoing section, and for that purpose arranging for his accommodation and maintenance in any suitable manner not specified in the last foregoing subsection.

(3) Arrangements may be made by a local authority under this section for boarding out a child in England or Wales or for maintaining him in any accommodation in England or Wales which a local authority in those countries is authorised to use

1948 c. 43. for that purpose by virtue of section 13 of the Children Act 1948.

Removal of 22. Notwithstanding any agreement made in connection children in ^th the placing of a child in a residential establishment under

estaWisiments ^art °* Act by a local authority, the authority may at any time, and shall if required so to do by the Secretary of State or the person responsible for the establishment, remove the child from the establishment

Power of local 23.—(1) A local authority or a voluntary organisation may,

authorities and with the consent of the Secretary of State, arrange or assist in organisations arran^n8 the emigration of any child in their care.

end^ationof The Secretary of State shall not give his consent under children. this section unless he is satisfied that emigration would benefit the child, and that suitable arrangements have been or will be made for the child’s reception and welfare in the country to which he is going, that the parent of the child has been consulted or that it is not practicable to consult him, and that the child consents:

Provided that where a child is too young to form or express a proper opinion on the matter, the Secretary of State may consent to his emigration notwithstanding that die child is unable to consent thereto in any case where the child is to emigrate in company with a parent or relative of his, or is to emigrate for the purpose of joining a parent, relative or friend.

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1279

24.—<1) Without prejudice to the provisions of section Part II 12 of this Act a local authority may make contributions to the Financial cost of the accommodation and maintenance of any person—assistance

(a) who is over school age but has not attained the age of expenses of

twenty-one; and maintenance,

(b) who is, or has at any time after ceasing to be of school^ngofor

age been, in the care of a local authority, persons over

in any place near the place where he may be employed, or seek- school age. ing employment, or in receipt of education or training.

(2) A local authority may make grants to persons who are over school age, but have not attained the age of twenty-one, and who at or after the time when they ceased to be of school age were in the care of a local authority, to enable them to meet expenses connected with their receiving suitable education or training.

(3) Where a person—

(a) is engaged in a course of education or training at the

time when he attains the age of twenty-one; or

(b) having previously been engaged in a course of education

or training which has been interrupted by any circumstances, resumes the course as soon as practicable,

then if a local authority are at the said time, or were at the time when the course was interrupted, as the case may be, making any contributions or grants in respect of him under any of the foregoing provisions of this section, their powers under those provisions shall continue with respect to him until the completion of the course.

25. While a person is in the care of a local authority by Power of local virtue of any enactment, the local authority may undertake any authority to obligation by way of guarantee under any indentures or other deed of apprenticeship or articles of clerkship entered into by other dceds of that person; and where the local authority have undertaken any apprenticeship such obligation under any such deed or articles they may at any etc., of persons time (whether or not the person concerned is still in their care) care* undertake the like obligation under any such deed or articles supplemental thereto.

26.—(1) Where it comes to the knowledge of a local After-care of authority that there is in their area any child over school age ^hildrcf1 . who at the time when he ceased to be of that age or at any SJ^of ^local subsequent time was, but is no longer,—

(a) in the care of a local authority, or

(b) in the care of a voluntary organisation.

authorities or

voluntary

organisations.

1280

Ch. 49

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Part II then, unless the authority are satisfied that the welfare of the child does not require it, they shall be under a duty so long as he has not attained the age of eighteen to advise, guide or assist him:

Provided that where in a case falling within paragraph (b) of this subsection the local authority are satisfied that the voluntary organisation have the necessary facilities, the local authority may make arrangements whereby, while the arrangements continue in force, he shall be advised, guided or assisted by the voluntary organisation instead of by the local authority.

(2) Where a child over school ago—

(a) ceases to be in the care of a local authority under

section 15 of this Act and proposes to reside in the area of another local authority, or

(b) ceases to be in the care of a voluntary organisation, the authority or organisation shall inform the local authority for the area in which the child proposes to reside.

(3) Where it comes to the knowledge of a local authority or a voluntary organisation that a child whom they have been advising, guiding or assisting in pursuance of this section proposes to transfer or has transferred his residence to the area of another local authority, the first-mentioned local authority or, as die case may be, the voluntary organisation shall inform the other local authority.

Supervision and care of persons put on probation or released from prisons etc.

Supervision 27.—(1) It shall be a function of every local authority under

and care of this Part of this Act to provide a service for the following pur-

personsjwt poses, that is to say— on probation

or released (a) making available to any court such social background

from reports and other reports relating to persons appearing

prisons etc. before the court which the court may require for the

disposal of a case;

(b) the supervision of, and the provision of advice, guidance and assistance for—

(i) persons in their area who are under supervision by order of a court made in the exercise of its criminal jurisdiction by virtue of any enactment, and

(ii) persons in their area who, following on release from prison or any other form of detention, are required to be under supervision under any enactment or by the terms of an order or licence of the Secretary of State or of a condition or requirement imposed in pursuance of any enactment.

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1281

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection every local Part II authority shall, after consultation with the sheriffs having jurisdiction in their area, prepare a scheme (hereinafter referred to

as a probation scheme) and submit it by such date, as he may require, to the Secretary of State for his approval.

(3) A probation scheme shall make provision with regard to the following matters—

(a) the manner in which any report requested by the court

from the local authority is to be prepared and submitted to the court;

(b) arrangements for the attendance of officers of the local

authority at the court;

(c) arrangements for the co-operation of the local authorities

with the courts, and such arrangements may include the appointment of one or more sheriffs having jurisdiction in their areas to the social work committee and to any sub-committee thereof;

(d) arrangements for the keeping of adequate records and

statistics regarding the performance of functions under this section; and

(e) such other matters as the local authority considers

relevant to the service to be provided.

(4) The Secretary of State may approve a probation scheme with or without modifications.

(5) A local authority may apply to the Secretary of State for the revision of a probation scheme and, if the Secretary of State so requires, shall prepare and submit to the Secretary of State for his approval a revised scheme or a modification of an existing scheme.

(6) Any function required by any enactment to be performed by a probation officer shall, after the coming into operation of this Part of this Act, be performed by an officer of the appropriate local authority.

(7) Section 11 of and Schedule 3 to the Criminal Justice 1949 c. 94. (Scotland) Act 1949 (administrative provisions as to probation)

shall cease to have effect.

Ancillary

28.—(1) A local authority may cause to be buried or Burial or cremated the body of any deceased person who immediately cremation of before his death was in the care of, or receiving assistance from the dead* the authority:

Provided that the authority shall not cause the body to be cremated where cremation is not in accordance with the practice of the person’s religious persuasion.

1282

Ch. 49

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Part n (2) An authority may recover from the estate of the deceased person or from any person who was liable to maintain the deceased person immediately before his death expenses incurred under subsection (1) of this section and not reimbursed under 1965 c. 51. section 39 of the National Insurance Act 1965.

Power of local authority to defray expenses of parent, etc., visiting persons or attending funerals.

Definition of child and parent for Part m.

Restriction on prosecution of children for offences.

1937 c. 37.

29. —(1) A local authority may make payments to any parent, relative or other person connected with a person in their care, or receiving assistance from them, in respect of travelling, subsistence or other expenses incurred by the parent, relative or other person in visiting the person, if it appears to die authority that the parent, relative or other person would not otherwise be able to visit the person without undue hardship and that the circumstances warrant the making of the payments.

(2) A local authority may make the like payments and in the like circumstances to any parent, relative or other person connected with a person who was in their care, or was receiving assistance from them, for the purpose of that parent, relative or other person attending the funeral of the person.

Part III

Children in need of Compulsory Measures of Care

30. —(1) Except where otherwise expressly provided, a child for the purposes of this Part of this Act means—

(a) a child who has not attained the age of sixteen years;

(b) a child over the age of sixteen years who has not attained the age of eighteen years and in respect of whom a supervision requirement of a children's hearing is in force under this Part of this Act;

(c) a child whose case has been referred to a children's

hearing in pursuance of Part V of this Act

(2) For the said purposes the expression " parent" includes a guardian.

31. —(1) No child shall be prosecuted for any offence except on the instructions of the Lord Advocate, or at his instance; and no court, other than the High Court of Justiciary and the sheriff court shall have jurisdiction over a child for an offence.

(2) The case of any child liable to prosecution in respect of any act committed or omission made, but against whom proceedings have not been instituted before the commencement of this Act, shall be dealt with in accordance with the law as in force after the said commencement.

(3) Part IV of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937 shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in Schedule 2 to this Act

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1283

32. —(1) A child may be in need of compulsory measures Part in

of care within the meaning of this Part of this Act if any of Children

the conditions mentioned in the next following subsection is in need of

satisfied with respect to him. compulsory

r measures

(2) The conditions referred to in subsection (1) of this section of care* are that—

(a) he is beyond the control of his parent; or

(b) through lack of parental care he is falling into bad

associations or is exposed to moral danger; or

(c) the lack of care as aforesaid is likely to cause him un-

necessary suffering or seriously to impair his health or development; or

(d) any of the offences mentioned in Schedule 1 to

the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937 1937 c. 37. has been committed in respect of him or in respect of a child who is a member of the same household; or

(e) the child, being a female, is a member of the same

household as a female in respect of whom an offence which constitutes the crime of incest has been committed by a member of that household; or (/) he has foiled to attend school regularly without reasonable excuse; or

(g) he has committed an offence; or ih) he is a child whose case has been referred to a children's hearing in pursuance of Part V of this Act.

(3) For the purposes of this Part of this Act " care ’* includes protection, control, guidance and treatment.

33. —(1) A panel (to be called " the children’s panel ") shall Formation be formed for every local authority area for the purposes of of children’s this Part of this Act

(2) Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the number, qualifications, appointment and tenure of office of members of a children's panel.

(3) A local authority shall cause to be published a list of the names and addresses of members of the children's panel for their area, and that list shall be open for public inspection at all reasonable times at the offices of the director of social work of the local authority, and at any place where an electors list for the locality is exhibited.

34. —(1) Sittings of members of the children’s panel, here- children’s inafter referred to as children's hearings, shall be constituted from hearings, the panel in accordance with the provisions of this section to

1284

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part in

Provisions as to time, place, privacy and

notification of children’s hearings.

perform, in respect of children who may require compulsory measures of care, the functions assigned to those hearings by this Part of this Act

(2) A children’s hearing shall consist of a chairman and two other members and shall have both a man and a woman among the members.

(3) It shall be the duty of a local authority to provide suitable accommodation and facilities dissociated from criminal courts and police stations for children’s hearings for their area, and such accommodation and facilities may be provided in the area of another local authority.

35.—(1) Any children's hearing shall be conducted in private, and, subject to the provisions of any rules made under this section, no person other than a person whose presence is necessary for the proper consideration of the case which is being heard, or whose presence is permitted by the chairman, shall be present.

(2) The chairman shall take all reasonable steps to ensure that the number of persons present at a children's hearing at any one time is kept to a minimum.

(3) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section, or in any rules made thereunder, shall operate to prevent a member of the Council on Tribunals, or of the Scottish Committee of that Council, attending any children's hearing, or shall authorise the exclusion of bona fide representatives of a newspaper or news agency.

(4) The Secretary of State may make rules for the constituting and arranging of children’s hearings and for regulating the procedure of those hearings.

(5) Without prejudice to the generality of the last foregoing subsection, rules under that subsection may make provision with respect to—

(a) notification of the time and place of a children's hearing

to the child and his parent;

(b) the statement of the grounds for the referral of the case

to a children’s hearing and the rights of the child and

. his parent to dispute the said grounds;

(c) the right to appeal to the sheriff against a decision of

a children's hearing and the notification of the procedure before him:

(d) the right of the child and his parent to be represented at the children's hearing;

Social Work ( Scotla Act 1968

Ch. 49

1285

(e) the entitlement of the child and his parent to the refund Part III of such expenses as may be prescribed in connection with the children’s hearing and any proceedings arising therefrom;

(/) persons whose presence shall be permitted at a children’s hearing;

(g) the continuation of a children’s hearing for further investigation of a case before that hearing and the number and duration of such continuations.

36.—(l) For the purpose of arranging children’s hearings The reporter and for the performance of such other functions in relation to anc* deputies, the children’s panel or to children’s hearings as may be assigned to him by this Part of this Act, a local authority shall, in accordance with the provisions of this section, appoint an officer, wholetime or part-time, to be known as the reporter, and such other officers as deputies of the reporter as may be required.

(2) Any vacancy in the appointment of reporter shall be advertised by the local authority, and copies of all the applications for the vacancy shall be forwarded by them to the Secretary of State who shall compile a list of those applicants whom he considers suitable for the appointment and if he considers none of the applicants to be suitable for appointment, he shall require the local authority to re-advertise the vacancy, and the local authority shall comply with the requirement with or without any change in the terms and conditions of service offered.

(3) The Secretary of State shall send any such list as aforesaid to the local authority who submitted the applications from which the list was compiled, and the local authority shall appoint a person from among those named on that list, or, if they do not wish to appoint a person so nominated, a person nominated on a subsequent list compiled as aforesaid after re-advertisement of the vacancy.

(4) A reporter may not be removed from office by a local authority or be required to resign except with the consent of the Secretary of State.

(5) A reporter of a local authority shall not, except with the consent of the Secretary of State, be employed by that or any other local authority in any capacity other than that of a reporter.

(6) A local authority shall secure the provision of adequate staff for assisting the reporter in the performance of his functions.

(7) The provisions as to remuneration and tenure of office contained in sections 82 and 92 of the Local Government 1947 c. 43. (Scotland) Act 1947, so far as these provisions are not inconsistent with any of the foregoing provisions of this section, shall

apply to reporters and their staffs.

1286

Ch. 49

Social Work ( Scotla Act 1968

Part ID

Reports of cases of children who may require compulsory measures of care and the interim detention of such children in places of safety.

1937 c. 37.

(8) The Secretary of State may make rules in relation to the duties of the reporter.

37.—(1) Where any person has reasonable cause to believe that a child may be in need of compulsory measures of care he may give to the reporter such information about the child as he may have been able to discover.

(2) A constable or any person authorised by any court or by any justice of the peace may take to a place of safety any child in respect of whom any of the offences mentioned in Schedule 1 to the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937 or any offence under section 21(1) of that Act has been or is believed to have been committed, and any child so taken to a place of safety or any child who has taken refuge in a place of safety may be detained there until arrangements can be made for him to be brought before a children’s hearing under the following provisions of this Part of this Act, and, where a child is so detained, the constable or the person authorised as aforesaid or the occupier of the place of safety shall forthwith inform the reporter of the case.

(3) A child shall not continue to be detained under the last foregoing subsection—

(a) where the reporter considers the child does not require

compulsory measures of care, or

(b) after the day on which a children’s hearing first sit to

consider his case in pursuance of the next following subsection, or

(c) for a period exceeding seven days.

(4) Where a child has been detained in a place of safety under subsection (2) of this section or under section 40(3) or 47(1) of the said Act of 1937, and the reporter considers that the child may be in need of compulsory measures of care, he shall, wherever practicable, arrange a children’s hearing to sit not later than in the course of the first lawful day after the commencement of the child’s detention to consider the case under this Part of this Act, and, if that hearing are unable to dispose of the case and are satisfied that his further detention is necessary in his own interest, or have reason to believe that he will run away during the investigation of his case, they may issue a warrant requiring the child to be detained in any place of safety for such a period not exceeding twenty-one days as may be necessary.

(5) On cause shown a warrant authorising detention under the last foregoing subsection may be renewed, on one occasion only, for the period mentioned in that subsection on the application of the reporter.

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1287

(6) In this section any reference to a justice of the peace Part III includes a reference to a sheriff and to a magistrate.

38. —(1) Where a reporter receives information from any initial source of a case which may require a children’s hearing to be investigation arranged he shall, after making such initial investigation as he of cases by may think necessary, proceed with the case in accordance with

the provisions of the next following section.

(2) Paragraph (b) of section 17(1) of the Police (Scotland) Act 1967 c. 77. 1967 shall, in relation to a child to whom this Part of this Act applies, have effect as if that paragraph imposed a requirement on constables of a police force to make the reports required thereby to the appropriate reporter in addition to the appropriate prosecutor.

39. —(1) Where the reporter decides that no further action Action on on the case is required, he shall, where he considers this to be initial

the proper course, so inform the child and his parent and the Erv?255rt»11 person who brought the case to his notice, or any of those yrcpo persons.

(2) Where the reporter considers it to be the proper course, he shall refer the case to the local authority with a view of their making arrangements for the advice, guidance and assistance of the child and his family in accordance with Part II of this Act.

(3) Where it appears to the reporter that the child is in need of compulsory measures of care, he shall arrange a children's hearing to whom the case shall stand referred for consideration and determination.

(4) Where the reporter has arranged a children’s hearing in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection, he shall request from the local authority a report on the child and his social background and it shall be the duty of the authority to supply the report which may contain information from any such person as the reporter or the local authority may think fit.

(5) Where the reporter has decided that no further action on the case is required, or has taken action in pursuance of subsection (2) of this section, he shall not thereafter take action under subsection (3) of this section in relation to the same facts.

40. —(1) Where a child has been notified by virtue of Attendance section 35 of this Act that his case has been referred to a children’s hearing, he shall be under an obligation to attend that hearing hearing in accordance with the notification.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of section 42(1) of this Act, where a children’s hearing are satisfied in a case concerned with an offence mentioned in Schedule 1 to the Children and 1937 c. 37.

1288

Ch. 49

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Part m Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937 that the attendance of a child is not necessary for the just hearing of that case, or in any case where they are satisfied that it would be detrimental to the interest of the child to be present at the hearing of his case, the case, in whole or in part, may be considered in the absence of the child.

(3) The reporter shall be responsible for securing the attendance of a child at the hearing of his case before a children's hearing and at any subsequent hearing to which the case is

continued.

(4) For the purpose of the last foregoing subsection, or where a child fails to attend at any hearing of his case, a children's hearing may, at the instance of the reporter on cause shown, or, as the case may be, of their own motion, issue a warrant for the apprehension of the child if satisfied of the necessity for such a course, and any warrant so issued shall be authority for bringing him before a children's hearing and for his detention in a place of safety.

(5) A child shall not continue to be detained under the last foregoing subsection—

(a) after the day on which a children's hearing first sit to

consider his case in pursuance of the next following subsection, or

(b) for a period exceeding seven days.

(6) Where a child is apprehended in pursuance of subsection

(4) of this section, and he cannot immediately be brought before a children's hearing, the reporter shall, wherever practicable, arrange a children’s hearing to sit not later than in the course of the first lawful day after the apprehension of the child.

(7) Where a children's hearing before whom a child is brought are unable to dispose of his case and have reason to believe that the child may not attend at any hearing of his case, or at any proceedings arising from die case, or may fail to comply with a requirement under section 43(4) of this Act, they may issue a warrant requiring the child to be detained in any place of safety for such a period not exceeding twenty-one days as may be necessary.

(8) On cause shown a warrant authorising detention under the last foregoing subsection for securing the attendance of a child at the hearing of his case, or at any proceedings arising from his case, may be renewed, on one occasion only, for the period mentioned in that subsection on the application of the reporter.

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1289

(9) A warrant of apprehension issued under this Part of this Act may be executed in like manner as a warrant of apprehension of an accused person issued by a court of summary jurisdiction, and any enactment relating to the execution of a warrant of apprehension issued by a court of summary jurisdiction shall, with any necessary modifications, apply in relation to the execution of a warrant of apprehension issued under this Part of this Act as it applies to a warrant of apprehension issued by a court of summary jurisdiction.

41.—(1) A parent of a child shall have a right to attend at all stages of a children’s hearing who are considering the case of his child.

(2) When a child’s case is being considered by a children’s hearing his parent shall attend at all stages of the hearing unless the children’s hearing are satisfied that it would be unreasonable to require his attendance or that his attendance would be unnecessary to the consideration of the case.

(3) Any person who fails to comply with the provisions of the foregoing subsection shall be guilty of an offence and shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

42.—(1) Subject to the provisions of subsections (7) and (8) of this section, at the commencement of a children’s hearing, and before proceeding to the consideration of the case, it shall be the duty of the chairman to explain to the child and his parent the grounds stated by the reporter for the referral of the case for the purpose of ascertaining whether these grounds are accepted in whole or in part by the child and his parent.

(2) Thereafter—

(a) where the child and his parent accept the grounds stated

by the reporter for the referral the hearing shall proceed;

(b) where the child and his parent accept those grounds in

part and the children’s hearing consider it proper so to do the hearing may proceed in respect of the grounds so accepted; and

(c) in any other case, unless they decide to discharge the

referral, the children’s hearing shall direct the reporter to make application to the sheriff for a finding as to whether such grounds for the referral, as are not accepted by the child or his parent, are established having regard to the provisions of section 32 of this Act.

Part m

Attendance of parent at children’s hearing.

Conduct of children’s hearing and application to sheriff for findings.

1290

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part m (3) It shall be the duty of the chairman of a children’s hearing who have made a direction under the last foregoing subsection to explain to the child and his parent the purpose for which the application to the sheriff is being made, and to inform the child that he is under an obligation to attend the hearing of the application, and where a child fails to attend at the hearing of the application the sheriff may issue a warrant for the apprehension of the child; and any warrant so issued shall be authority for bringing him before die sheriff and for his detention in a place of safety until the sheriff can hear the application, but a child shall not be detained under this subsection for a period exceeding seven days or after the sheriff has disposed of the application.

(4) An application under subsection (2) of this section shall be heard by the sheriff in chambers within twenty-eight days of the lodging of the application and, without prejudice to their right to legal representation, a child or his parent may be represented at any diet fixed by the sheriff for the hearing of the application.

(5) Where a sheriff decides that none of the grounds in respect of which die application has been made has been established for the referral of a case to a children’s hearing, he shall dismiss the application and discharge the referral in respect of those grounds.

(6) Where the sheriff is satisfied on the evidence before him that any of the grounds in respect of which the application has been made has been established he shall remit the case to the reporter to make arrangements for a children’s hearing for consideration and determination of the case, and where a ground for the referral of the case is the condition referred to in section 32(2)ig) of this Act, the sheriff in hearing the application shall apply to the evidence relating to that ground the standard of proof required in criminal procedure.

(7) Where a children’s hearing are satisfied that die child for any reason is not capable of understanding the explanation of the grounds of referral required by subsection (1) of this section, or in the course of, or at the conclusion of that explanation. it appears not to be understood by the child, the hearing shall, unless they decide to discharge the referral, direct the reporter to make application to the sheriff for a finding as to whether any of the grounds for the referral have been established, and the provisions of this section relating to an application to the sheriff under subsection (2Xc) thereof shall apply as they apply to an application under that subsection.

(8) The acceptance by a parent of the grounds of referral shall not be a requirement to proceeding with a case under this section where the parent is not present

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1291

43. —(1) When a children’s hearing have considered the Part HI grounds for the referral of a case, accepted or established under Discharge of the last foregoing section, the report obtained under section referral and 39(4) of this Act and such other relevant information as may P°™er of be available to them, they shall proceed in accordance with

the subsequent provisions of this section to consider on whatorderfurther course they should decide in the best interests of the child, investigation

ftftcr

(2) Where a children’s hearing decide that no further action is consideration

required they shall discharge the referral. of the facts.

(3) Where a children’s hearing consider that further investigation in relation to a child and his history is necessary to complete their consideration of his case they may continue the case to a subsequent hearing.

(4) For the purpose of such an investigation as aforesaid, a children’s hearing may require a child to attend or reside at any clinic, hospital or establishment during a period not exceeding twenty-one days.

(5) Where a child fails to fulfil a requirement made in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection it shall be the duty of the reporter to arrange a children's hearing to consider the issue of a warrant for his detention under section 40 of this Act.

44. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act Disposal a children's hearing, where, after the consideration of his case,

they decide that a child is in need of compulsory measures of h^ri^other care, may make a requirement, in this Act referred to as a than by supervision requirement, requiring him— discharge of

(a) to submit to supervision in accordance with such con- referral.

didons as they may impose; or

(b) to reside in a residential establishment named in the

requirement and be subject to such conditions as they may impose;

and a condition imposed by virtue of head (a) of this subsection may be a condition as to the place where the child is to reside, being a place other than a residential establishment, and the place may be a place in England or Wales where arrangements have been made in that behalf.

(2) In making a supervision requirement requiring a child to reside in a residential establishment a children's hearing shall have regard to the religious persuasion of the child.

(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to the review of supervision requirements, a children’s hearing may, where they are satisfied that such a course is proper, postpone the operation of a supervision requirement, but otherwise a supervision requirement shall have effect as from the date it is made.

1292

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part m (4) Where it appears to a children's hearing that the functions 1962 c. 47. of the education authority under section 63 of the Education (Scotland) Act 1962 (ascertainment of children suffering from disability) may require to be exercised, they shall, in addition to any other course which they may take under this section, send a report to that effect to the education authority concerned.

(5) It shall be the duty of the local authority to give effect to a supervision requirement made by a children’s hearing for their area, and a child who is subject to such a supervision requirement shall, for the purposes of sections 16 to 18, 20, 24 to 26,28 and 29 of this Act, be in their care:

Provided that where the performance of a function under any of the said sections in relation to the child requires, or would be facilitated by, the variation or discharge of the supervision requirement, die local authority shall recommend a review of the requirement under this Part of this Act

(6) In any case of urgent necessity in the interests of the child, or of the other children in a place, a director of social work may direct that a child who is required to reside in that place under this section be transferred to another place.

(7) Any child transferred under the last foregoing subsection shall have his case reviewed by a children's hearing within seven days of his transfer, in accordance with the following provisions of this Act.

(8) A supervision requirement shall be in such form as the Secretary of State may prescribe.

Rules as 45. The Secretary of State may make rules providing for

respects the transmission of information regarding children who are the o?infoimat?on of supervision requirements to the persons who are to be

and conveyance mcharge of them, for the temporary accommodation, where

of children to necessary, of such children, and for the conveyance of such residential children to residential establishments and to other places where establishments they may be required to reside.

Children to 46.—(1) Where a children's hearing are of the opinion,

whon> IV after considering the case of any child, that an application for tfthe Mental admission to hospital or a guardianship application under Part (Scotland) IV of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act 1960 should be made to

Act 1960 the sheriff in respect of the child, they shall make a report to that

may apply. effect to the mental health officer concerned.

(2) Nothing in the provisions of the foregoing subsection shall affect the saving for arrangements for the voluntary treatment of mental disorder contained in section 23(3) of the said Act of 1960.

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1293

47. —(1) No child shall continue to be subject to a super- Part in vision requirement for any time longer than is necessary in his Duration of interest; and where they consider that such a requirement in supervision respect of a child should cease to have effect or should be varied,

the local authority shall refer his case to their reporter for review of that requirement by a children’s hearing and, if the hearing think proper, they may terminate the requirement, or continue or vary the requirement, and in the last event they may make any such supervision requirement as may be made under section 44 of this Act.

(2) A supervision requirement shall cease to have effect in respect of a child when he attains the age of eighteen years and accordingly, within a period of three months ending on the day on which such a requirement will cease to have effect under this subsection, the local authority concerned shall refer the case to the reporter so that a children’s hearing may advise whether the child still requires supervision or guidance, and in the event of the hearing so advising, the local authority shall provide such supervision or guidance as he is prepared to accept.

(3) Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in this section and in the following provisions of this Act to a supervision requirement shall be construed as a reference to a supervision requirement which is for the time being in force in respect of a child.

48. —(1) A supervision requirement shall be subject to Review of

review by a children’s hearing in accordance with the following r^uiretnent provisions of this section. hearing1 *

(2) A supervision requirement shall be reviewed by a children’s hearing where a local authority so recommends.

(3) No supervision requirement shall remain in force without review for a period extending beyond one year, and where a supervision requirement is not reviewed within the period of one year from the making or continuing of the requirement it shall cease to have effect at the expiration of that period.

(4) At any time after the expiration of any of the following periods, that is to say—

(a) a penod of three months from the date of the making of

a supervision requirement; or

(b) a period of three months from the date of a review of a

supervision requirement where such a review varies a previous requirement; or

(c) a period of six months from the date of a review of a supervision requirement which is continued by that review,

a child or his parent may require a review of the requirement.

1294

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part in (5) It shall be the duty of the reporter to ensure that any review required by this section is duly made and to make any necessary arrangements arising therefrom.

(6) Section 44 of this Act shall apply in relation to the disposal of a case by a children's hearing under this section as it applies to the disposal of a case under that section.

Appeal 49.—(1) A child or his parent or both may, within a

against period of three weeks beginning with the date of any decision of

Children’s a children’s hearing, appeal to the sheriff in chambers against

bearing. that decision, and the child or his parent or both shall be heard by the sheriff as to the reasons for the appeal.

(2) In any such appeal it shall be die duty of the reporter to ensure that all reports and statements available to the hearing along with the reports of their proceedings and the reasons for their decision are lodged with the sheriff clerk.

(3) The sheriff may examine the reporter and the authors or compilers of any reports or statements, and may call for any further report which he considers may assist him in deciding the appeal.

(4) Where the sheriff decides that an appeal under this section has failed, he shall confirm the decision of the children's hearing.

(5) Where the sheriff is satisfied that the decision of the children's hearing is not justified in all the circumstances of the case he shall allow the appeal, and—

(a) where the appeal is against the issue of a warrant for

detention he shall recall the warrant, and

(b) in any other case, he may, as he thinks fit, remit the case with the reasons for his decision to the children’s hearing for reconsideration of their decision or discharge the child from any further hearing or other proceedings in relation to the grounds for file referral of the case.

(6) Where the sheriff is satisfied that an appeal under this section against the decision of a children's hearing at a review is frivolous, he may order that no appeal against a decision to continue the supervision requirement, which was the subject of that appeal, made on a subsequent review shall lie until the expiration of a period of twelve months beginning with the date of the order.

(7) An appeal under this section in respect of the issue of a warrant by a children's hearing shall be disposed of within three days of the lodging of the appeal, and failing such disposal the warrant shall forthwith cease to have effect.

(8) Where a child or his parent appeals under this section against a decision of a children’s hearing in relation to a supervision requirement, the child or his parent may make application to a children’s hearing for the suspension of the requirement

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1295

appealed against, and it shall be the duty of the reporter forth- Part III with to arrange a children’s hearing to consider the application, and thereafter the hearing may grant or refuse the application.

50.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, an Appeal to appeal shall lie to the Court of Session, by way of stated case of on a point of law or in respect of any irregularity in the !on*

conduct of the case, at the instance of a child or his parent or both or of a reporter acting on behalf of a children’s hearing, from any decision of the sheriff under this Part of this Act, and no other or further appeal shall be competent

(2) An application to the sheriff to state a case for the purpose of the foregoing subsection shall be made within a period of twenty-eight days beginning with the date of his decision.

(3) On deciding the appeal the Court of Session shall remit the case to the sheriff for disposal in accordance with such directions as the Court may give.

(4) No appeal shall lie under this section in respect of a decision of a children’s hearing imposing a supervision requirement where the sole ground of the objection to that requirement is that the treatment prescribed thereby is inappropriate for the child.

51. —(1) Where the sheriff, by virtue of either of the last Reconsidei-

two foregoing sections, has remitted a case to a children’s jhon by hearing for reconsideration of their decision the reporter shall jjftaappeal arrange a children’s hearing for that purpose. and pp^ '

(2) A child or his parent may, within a period of seven days ^juent beginning with the date of the decision of a children’s hearing pp^ * on a case remitted as aforesaid, appeal against the decision, and the provisions of subsections (2) to (8) of section 49 of this Act shall apply to such an appeal as they apply to an appeal under subsection (1) of the said section.

52. Where, having regard to all the circumstances of a case Power of

and the interests of a child, the Secretary of State is satisfied Secretary of that a supervision requirement in force in respect of the child p431®to should be terminated, he may by order terminate the require- superrision men* requirement.

53. In any proceedings before the sheriff or in any sub- Legal aid in sequent appeal to the Court of Session where such proceedings proceedings are in respect of a decision of a children’s hearing or of an application made in pursuance of section 42 of this Act, legal aid ap^is shall be available to a child or his parent in accordance with to the Court the provisions of the Legal Aid (Scotland) Act 1967, and for the of Session, purposes of this section that Act shall have effect subject to the 1967 c. 43. amendments set out in Schedule 4 to this Act

2 T

1296

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part m 54—(1) Where a children's hearing are satisfied, in a case

Transfer of being heard before them, that the case could be better considered case to another by a children's hearing for the area of another local authority, children’s they may at any time during the course of the hearing request hearing. the reporter to arrange with the reporter of the other load authority, should he so agree, for a children’s hearing to dispose of the case.

(2) Where a case has been transferred in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection, the grounds of referral accepted or established for the case shall not require to be further accepted or established for the purpose of the children's hearing to which the case has been transferred.

Presumption 55. Where a person is brought before a children's hearing 5nd . they shall make inquiry as to his age, and, if it appears to ^t|^unation the hearing that the person is a child, they shall proceed with the case, and no decision or requirement of the hearing shall be invalidated by any subsequent proof that the age of that person has not been correctly stated to the hearing, and the age presumed or declared by the hearing to be the age of the person so brought before them shall, for the purposes of this Part of this Act, be deemed to be the true age of that person, and, where it appears to the hearing that the person so brought before them has attained the age of sixteen years, that person shall, for the purposes of this Part of this Act, be deemed not to be a child except as the Act otherwise provides.

Reference and 56.—(1) Where a child who is not subject to a supervision

remit of requirement is charged with an offence and pleads guilty to, or

children s js founci guilty of, that offence the court— cases by courts

to children’s (a) instead of making an order on that plea or finding, may

hearings. remit the case to the reporter of the local authority to

arrange for the disposal of the case by a children’s hearing; or

(b) on that plea or finding may request the reporter of the local authority to arrange a children’s hearing for the purposes of obtaining their advice as to the treatment of the child.

(2) Where a court has acted in pursuance of paragraph (b) of the foregoing subsection, the court, after consideration of the advice received from the children's hearing may, as it thinks proper, itself dispose of the case or remit the case as aforesaid.

(3) Where a child who is subject to a supervision requirement is charged with an offence and pleads guilty to, or is found guilty of, that offence the court shall request the reporter of the local authority to arrange a children's hearing for the purpose of

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1297

obtaining their advice as to the treatment of the child, and on part in consideration of that advice may, as it thinks proper, itself dispose of the case or remit the case as aforesaid.

(4) Where a court has remitted a case to the reporter under this or the next following section, the jurisdiction of the court in respect of the child or person shall cease, and his case shall stand referred to a children’s hearing.

(5) Where a court has remitted a case of a child or person as aforesaid, a certificate signed by the clerk of the court stating that the child or person has pleaded guilty to, or has been found guilty of, the offence to which the remit relates shall be conclusive evidence for the purpose of the remit that that offence has been committed by the child or person.

(6) Nothing in the provisions of this or the next following section shall apply to a case in respect of an offence the sentence for which is fixed by law.

57.—(1) Where a person who is not subject to a supervision Reference and requirement but is a person over the age of sixteen, and is not *™t of cases within six months of attaining the age of eighteen, is charged yo^^sons summarily with an offence and pleads guilty to, or has beencourtsto found guilty of, that offence the court on that plea or finding children’s may request the reporter of the local authority to arrange a hearings, children's hearing for the purpose of obtaining their advice as to the treatment of the person, and on consideration of that advice, die court may, as it thinks proper, itself dispose of the case or, where the hearing have so advised, remit the case to the reporter of the local authority for the disposal of the case by a children's hearing.

(2) Where a court has remitted a case under the foregoing subsection the provisions of this Part of this Act shall apply to that person as if he were a child.

58.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, no report of Prohibition of any proceedings in any children's hearing, or of any proceedings of

before the sheriff under section 42 of this Act, or of any appeal pr gs* under this Part of this Act, which is made in a newspaper or a sound or television broadcast shall—

(a) reveal the name, address or school; or

(b) include any particulars calculated to lead to the identifi-

cation,

of any child in any way concerned in a hearing and no picture shall be published in any newspaper or television broadcast as being or including a picture of a child concerned as aforesaid.

2 T 2

1298

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part m

Provision of residential and other establishments by local authorities, and maximum period for repayment of sums borrowed for such provision.

1947 c. 43.

Control of residential and other establishments.

(2) Any person guilty of any offence against this section shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds in respect of each offence.

(3) The Secretary of State may in any case, if satisfied that it is in the interests of justice to do so, by order dispense with the requirements of subsection (1) of this section to such extent as may be specified in the order.

(4) This section shall extend to England and Wales.

Part IV

Residential and other Establishments

Provision of residential and other establishments

59. —(1) It shall be the duty of a local authority to provide and maintain such residential and other establishments as may be required for their functions under this Act, or arrange for the provision of such establishments.

(2) For the purpose of discharging their duty under the foregoing subsection a local authority may—

(a) themselves provide such establishments as aforesaid; or

(b) join with another local authority in providing those establishments; or

(c) secure the provision of such establishments by volun-

tary organisations or other persons including other local authorities.

(3) The maximum period for the repayment of sums borrowed by a local authority for the purposes of this section shall be such period not exceeding sixty years as may be sanctioned by the Secretary of State; and accordingly in Schedule 6 to the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947, at the end, there shall be added the following entry, that is to say—

Section 59 of the Social Such period not exceeding sixty Work (Scotland) Act years as may be sanctioned 1968. by the Secretary of State.

60. —(1) The Secretary of State may make regulations as to the conduct of residential and other establishments and for securing the welfare of persons resident or accommodated in them, and, without prejudice to the generality of those regulations, they may provide—

(a) for the construction of, and the accommodation pro-

vided in, those establishments, and their equipment, maintenance and management;

(b) for the classification, treatment and control of persons

resident therein or attending thereat;

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 Ch. 49

(c) for the inspection of those establishments and the visiting of persons from time to time by visitors appointed in accordance with the regulations;

(d) for notice to be given to the Secretary of State or the

local authority with which the person carrying on any such establishment is registered under any enactment of any change of the person in charge of the establishment;

(e) for requirements, in the case of children, as to the facilities which are to be given for them to receive a religious upbringing appropriate to the persuasion to which they belong;

if) for making available in any of those establishments any service authorised by the National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1947;

and may contain different provisions for different classes of establishments and different categories of persons.

(2) In the foregoing subsection, the expression " treatment " includes training, education and occupation, but does not include medical treatment.

(3) Where any regulation made in pursuance of this section provides that this subsection shall have effect in relation to the regulation, any person who contravenes or fails to comply with the regulation or any requirement or direction under it shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

Registration of certain residential and other establishments

61.—(1) The establishments to which the following provisions of this Part of this Act apply are any residential or other establishment the sole or main object of which is to accommodate persons for the purposes of this Act, whether for reward or not, not being premises controlled or managed by a Government department or by a local authority, or required to be registered, or premises in respect of which a person is required to be registered, with a Government department or a local authority under any other enactment

(2) An establishment shall not be carried on by any person unless he is for the time being registered in respect of it in a register kept for the purposes of this section by a local authority or, as the case may be, by the Secretary of State.

(3) Any person who carries on an establishment in contravention of the provisions of subsection (2) of this section shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds and in the case of a second

2 T 3

1299 Part IV

1947 c. 28

Restriction on carrying on of establishments.

1300

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part IV or subsequent conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

Registration. 62.—(1) Subject to the next following section, an application

for registration in respect of an establishment under this section shall be made by the person intending to carry on the establishment to the local authority in the area of which the establishment is situated.

(2) The application shall be in such form and shall include information about such matters as may be prescribed by the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of State may prescribe different requirements for the applications for different classes of establishments.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section, the local authority shall, on receipt of an application under subsection <1) of this section, register the applicant in respect of the establishment named in the application and issue to him a certificate of registration:

Provided that the local authority may refuse to register the applicant if they are satisfied—

(a) that he or any person employed or proposed to be employed by him in the management of the establishment or any part thereof is not a fit person, whether by reason of age or otherwise, to carry on or to be so employed at an establishment of such a description as the establishment named in the application; or

(b) that for reasons connected with situation, construction,

state of repair, accommodation, staffing or equipment, the establishment or any premises used in connection therewith are not fit to be used for an establishment of such a description as aforesaid; or

(c) that the way in which it is proposed to conduct the

establishment is such as not to provide services or facilities reasonably required by persons resorting to such an establishment.

(4) The local authority may at any time cancel the registration of a person in respect of an establishment on any ground which would entitle diem to refuse an application for the registration of that person in respect of that establishment, or on the ground that that person has been convicted of an offence against this section or against any regulations under this Part of this Act relating to the conduct of establishments, or on the ground that any other person has been convicted of such an offence in respect of that establishment.

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1301

(5) It shall be a condition of the registration of any person in respect of an establishment that the number of persons accommodated at any one time in the establishment (excluding persons carrying on or employed in the establishment and their families) does not exceed such number as may be specified in the certificate of registration; and without prejudice to the foregoing provision, the registration may be effected subject to such conditions (to be specified in the certificate) as the local authority consider appropriate for regulating the category of persons who may be received in the establishment

(6) If any condition imposed by or under the last foregoing subsection is not complied with, the person carrying on the establishment shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or. in the case of a second or subsequent conviction, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such fine and such imprisonment, and without prejudice to the foregoing provision the power of the local authority to cancel registration under subsection (4) of this section shall include power to cancel the registration on the ground that any such condition has not been complied with.

(7) The certificate of registration under this section issued in respect of any establishment shall be kept affixed in a conspicuous place in the establishment; and if default is made in complying with this subsection the person carrying on die establishment shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds and to a further fine not exceeding two pounds in respect of each day during which the offence continues after conviction.

(8) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of this section, where the person registered under this section in respect of an establishment dies, his executor or his widow or any other member of his family may for a period not exceeding four weeks from his death, or such longer period as the local authority may sanction, carry on the establishment without being registered in respect thereof.

(9) Where an offence against this or the last foregoing section or any regulations under this Part of this Act relating to establishments has been committed by a body corporate, every person who at the time of the commission of the offence was a director, general manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or was purporting to act in any such capacity, shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence unless he proves that the offence was committed without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all such diligence to prevent the commission of the offence as he ought to have exercised having regard to the

2 t 4

Part IV

1302

Ch. 49

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Part IV

Special

provisions for registration by Secretary of State.

Appeals against refusal or cancellation of registration.

nature of his functions in that capacity and to all the circumstances.

(10) The registers kept for the purposes of this section shall be available for inspection at all reasonable times, and a person inspecting any such register shall be entitled to make copies of entries therein.

63. —(1) The Secretary of State may direct that applications for registration in respect of any establishment or any class of establishment shall be made to him and accordingly the provisions of the last foregoing section shall apply in relation to any such registration and to an application therefor with the substitution for any reference to a local authority of a reference to the Secretary of State.

(2) Where in pursuance of this section the Secretary of State registers a person in respect of an establishment, or cancels such a registration, he shall notify the local authority in whose area the establishment is situated.

(3) The Secretary of State may direct that persons registered with him in respect of any establishment or class of establishment under this section shall cease to be so registered and shall be registered by the appropriate local authority under this Part of this Act.

64. —(1) Not less than fourteen days before refusing an application for registration or cancelling any registration under this Part of this Act, the local authority or, as the case may be, the Secretary of State shall send by recorded delivery service to the applicant or to the person registered, as the case may be, notice of their intention.

(2) Every such notice shall state the grounds on which the local authority or the Secretary of State intend to refuse or cancel the registration and shall contain an intimation that if within fourteen days after the receipt of the notice the applicant or person registered, as the case may be, informs the authority or the Secretary of State in writing of his desire to show cause, in person or by a representative, why the registration should not be refused or cancelled, as the case may be, the authority or the Secretary of State shall, before carrying out their intention, afford him an opportunity so to do.

(3) If the local authority or the Secretary of State, after giving the applicant or person registered, as the case may be, an opportunity of being heard by them, decide to refuse the application for registration, or to cancel the registration, they shall send a notice to that effect by recorded delivery service to the applicant or person registered, as the case may be.

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1303

(4) A person aggrieved by a notice of a local authority or of the Secretary of State refusing an application for registration under this Part of this Act or cancelling any registration thereunder may appeal to an appeal tribunal established by Schedule 5 to this Act; and the cancellation of any registration shall not take effect until the expiration of the time within which an appeal may be brought under this subsection or, where such an appeal is brought, before the determination of the appeal.

(5) Any appeal under this section shall be brought within twenty-one days from the date of the notice to which the appeal relates.

65.—(1) Where—

(a) an establishment is carried on in contravention of section

61 of this Act; or

(b) notice of intention to cancel the registration in respect

of an establishment has been given in pursuance of the last foregoing section; a local authority where the person carrying on the establishment is registered, or ought to be so registered, with them may, notwithstanding that the time for any appeal under the last foregoing section has not expired or that such an appeal is pending, forthwith remove from the establishment all or any of the persons for whom accommodation is being provided therein; or, in the case of an establishment in respect of which the person carrying it on is registered with him or ought to be so registered, the Secretary of State may in the like circumstances require the local authority in whose area the establishment is situated so to act, and the local authority shall comply with that requirement.

(2) In any case of Urgent necessity the Secretary of State may exercise the power conferred on him by the foregoing subsection in respect of any establishment.

(3) For the performance of the functions of a local authority under subsection (1) of this section, any person authorised in that behalf by the authority may, on producing, if so required, a duly authenticated document showing his authority to do so, enter any premises in which the establishment In question is being carried on.

(4) Any person who obstructs the exercise of a power conferred by the last foregoing subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds in the case of a first offence or fifty pounds in the case of a second or any subsequent offence.

2 T*

Part IV

Removal of persons from establishments.

1304

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part IV 66—(1) Subject to the next following subsection, it shall be

Duty to the duty of the person in charge of an establishment to send to

furnish the local authority or, as the case may be, the Secretary of State

pyticularsof such particulars of the establishment and the persons accom-08 en * modated or to be accommodated therein as the Secretary of State may from time to time prescribe, and the Secretary of State may prescribe different particulars for different classes of establishments.

(2) A person in charge of an establishment shall comply with the provisions of the foregoing subsection—

(a) within three months from the date on which the establishment was first carried on; and

(b) in every year (other than the year in which the establishment was first carried on) before such date as may be prescribed.

(3) Where the Secretary of State varies the prescribed particulars to be furnished under subsection (1) of this section as respects establishments, then—

(a) the person in charge of an establishment shall send

the prescribed particulars to the local authority or, as the case may be, to the Secretary of State within three months from the date of the variation; and

(b) as respects an establishment which was first carried on before, but not more than three months before, the date of the variation, paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection shall not apply; and

(c) paragraph (b) of the foregoing subsection shall not apply

as respects the year in which the variation is made.

(4) A person who fails to furnish particulars in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds and to a further fine not exceeding two pounds in respect of each day during which the failure continues after conviction.

Inspection of 67.—(1) Any duly authorised officer of a local authority may in

establishments the area of that authority enter any establishment where the authorities person carrying on the establishment is registrable under section 62 of this Act for the purpose of making such examinations into the state and management of the place, and the condition and treatment of the persons in it, as he thinks necessary, and for the purpose of inspecting any records or registers required to be kept therein by virtue of this Part of this Act, and the provisions of subsections (2), (4) and (5) of section 6 of this Act shall apply in relation to an officer acting in pursuance of this section as they apply in relation to an officer of the Secretary of State acting in pursuance of that section.

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1305

(2) Any such officer as aforesaid may at all reasonable times part IV exercise the like powers of entry and inspection conferred on him by the foregoing subsection in respect of any place in the area of the local authority which is used or which that officer has reasonable cause to believe is being used as an establishment in respect of which the person carrying it on is registrable under section 62 of this Act.

68.—(1) It shall be the duty of local authorities from time visiting of to time to cause persons in establishments in their area to persons in be visited in the interests of the well-being of the persons, and estabMiments any person authorised in that behalf by a local authority may o?Ioca.l on producing if so required a duly authenticated document authorities showing his authority to do so, enter any establishment in the area of the authority for the purpose of visiting the persons in the establishment.

(2) Any person authorised in that behalf by a local authority may, on producing, if so required, such a document as aforesaid, enter any establishment outside the area of the authority for the purpose of visiting children in the establishment who are in the care or under the supervision of the authority under Part II or Part III of this Act or persons who are receiving assistance from the authority under this Act.

(3) Any person who obstructs the exercise of a power conferred by this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds in the case of a first offence or fifty pounds in the case of a second or any subsequent offence.

Part V

Return and Removal of Children within United Kingdom Absence without leave

69.—(1) If a child— Abscondment

(a) absconds from a place of safety in which he has been a Q^acc of

detained by virtue of this Act, or from the

(b) absconds from the control of a person under which he contro1 of a

has been placed by a supervision requirement or by a

virtue of rules made by the Secretary of State under supervision section 45 of this Act, requirement.

he may be arrested without a warrant in any part of the United Kingdom or the Channel Islands.

(2) A child arrested in pursuance of this section shall be brought back—

(a) in a case falling within paragraph (a) of subsection (1), to the place of safety,

2 T 2*

1306

Ch. 49

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Part V (b) in a case falling within paragraph (h) of that sub-

section, to the person under whose control he has been placed.

(3) If, in the case of a child required to be brought back in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection—

(a) the occupier of the place of safety, or

(b) the person under whose control he has been placed.

is unwilling or unable to receive him, the child shall be detained in a place of safety until the reporter has considered, in pursuance of section 37 of this Act. whether the child may be in need of compulsory measures of care, or as the case may be, until he can be brought before a children’s hearing for the consideration of his case or for a review of the supervision requirement to which he is subject

(4) A children's hearing arranged for the purposes of the last foregoing subsection shall meet within a period of seven days from the date of the commencement of the detention of the child, and no child shall be detained under that subsection after the hearing have met or beyond that period.

(5) In this and the next following section any reference to a child absconding includes a reference to his being unlawfully taken away.

Abscondment 70. If a child who is required by a supervision requirement

from residential to reside in a residential establishment—

establishments. absconds from the establishment in which he resides; or

(b) absconds from any hospital or other institution in which

he is temporarily residing; or

(c) being absent on leave from the residential establish-

ment, either runs away from the person in whose charge he is or fails to return to the establishment at the end of his leave;

he may be arrested without a warrant in any part of the United Kingdom or the Channel Islands and brought back—

(i) in a case falling within paragraph (b) to the place from which he absconded; or

<ii) where he has run away from the person mentioned in paragraph (c), to that person; or

(iii) in any case, to the residential establishment.

Harbouring. 71. Any person who knowingly—

(a) assists or induces or persistently attempts to induce a child so to act as to be liable to be brought back in pursuance of either of the two last foregoing sections, or

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1307

(b) harbours or conceals a child so liable or prevents him Part V from returning to a place or person mentioned in either of those sections, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

Transfer

72. —(1) Where a children’s hearing are satisfied that a child in Supervision

respect of whom a supervision requirement under section 44(1 Ha) of children of this Act is in force proposes to reside or is residing in g^and^r England or Wales or in Northern Ireland they may either— Wales or

(a) discharge the supervision requirement; or Northern

(b) send notification of the requirement to a juvenile courtIreland* acting for the petty sessions area in which the child proposes to reside or is residing.

(2) The juvenile court to which notification of a supervision requirement is sent under this section may make in respect of the child subject to that requirement a supervision order placing him under the supervision of a probation officer for a period not exceeding one year beginning with the day on which the notification was sent; and the provisions of the Children and Young Persons Acts 1933 to 1963 or, as the case may be, of

the Children and Young Persons Act (Northern Ireland) 1950 1950 c. 5 shall apply to any such order as those provisions respectively (N.I.). apply to a supervision order within the meaning of section 5 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1963 or to a supervision 1963 c. 37. order within the meaning of section 63(l)(d) of the said Act of 1950.

(3) Where a case is disposed of by a juvenile court in pursuance of this section in respect of a child subject to a supervision requirement, the requirement shall cease to have effect.

(4) In this section " petty sessions area " includes a division of the metropolitan area referred to in Part II of Schedule 2 to the Children and Young Persons Act 1963 and in relation to Northern Ireland means " petty sessions district " within the meaning of

Part III of the Magistrates’ Courts Act (Northern Ireland) 1964. 1964 c. 21

(N.I.).

73. —(1) Where a juvenile court in England or Wales or in Supervision

Northern Ireland is satisfied that a child in respect of whom a of children probation order or a supervision order is in force proposes to moving to reside or is residing in Scotland, the court may either— Scotland.

(a) discharge the probation order or supervision order; or

(b) send notification of that order to the reporter of the

local authority for the area in which the child proposes to reside or is residing;

2 T 3*

1308

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part V

Parent of a child in a residential establishment under a supervision requirement moving to England or Wales or Northern Ireland.

1933 c. 12.

1950 c. 5 (N.I.).

and on the receipt of such a notification it shall be the duty of the reporter to arrange a children’s hearing for the consideration and determination of the case under Part III of this Act.

(2) For the purposes of a children’s hearing arranged in pursuance of the foregoing subsection the notification by a juvenile court of a probation order or supervision order shall be conclusive evidence of the existence of that order in relation to the child.

(3) When a children’s hearing have disposed of a case referred to them under this section the probation order or the supervision order in respect of the child shall cease to have effect.

74.—(1) Where a children's hearing are satisfied that the parent of a child who is required to reside in a residential establishment under a supervision requirement made under section 44 (1 )(b) of this Act proposes to reside or is residing in England

or Wales or in Northern Ireland they shall review the requirement. and on such review they may as they think proper—

(a) discharge the supervision requirement;

(b) continue the supervision requirement;

(c) vary the supervision requirement by making a super-

vision requirement under subsection (l)(<z) of the said section 44 and send notification of that requirement in accordance with section 72(l)(b) of this Act; or

(d) make a report on the case to the Secretary of' State

with a recommendation for the transfer of the child in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

(2) If the Secretary of State is for any reason unable to accept a recommendation for the transfer of a child made under paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of this section, he may refer the matter back to the children's hearing for their reconsideration of the case, or himself discharge the supervision requirement.

(3) Where such a recommendation is made and is not dealt with under subsection (2) of this section, the Secretary of State may make an order transferring the child to the care of the managers of a school in England or Wales or in Northern Ireland, being an approved school within the meaning of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 or. as the case may be, a training school within the meaning of the Children and Young Persons Act (Northern Ireland) 1950 or, if he thinks fit, committing him to the care of the local authority or, as the case may be, of the welfare authority in whose area the parent of the child proposes to reside or is residing.

(4) The provisions of the Children and Young Persons Acts 1933 to 1963 or, as the case may be, of the said Act of 1950 shall apply to any order under this section transferring a child to the

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1309

care of the managers of an approved school or of a training Part V school as if it were an approved school or a training school order made by a court on the date on which the supervision requirement was originally made under section 44 of this Act in respect of the child:

Provided that—

(a) notwithstanding anything in section 71 of the said Act

of 1933 or section 75 of the said Act of 1950, the order under this section shall not be authority for his detention in an approved school or in a training school after he has attained the age of eighteen years,

(b) the contributions to be made in respect of him under

section 90 of the said Act of 1933 or under section 126 of the said Act of 1950 shall be made by such council as may be named in the order under this section, being the council within whose district his parent proposes to reside or is residing at the time of the order.

(5) The provisions of the Acts of 1933 to 1963 or, as the case may be, of the said Act of 1950 shall apply to any order under this section committing a child to the care of a local authority or, as the case may be, of a welfare authority as if it were an order made by a court under those Acts or that Act.

75.—(1) Where the Secretary of State or the Minister of Home Parent of a Affairs for Northern Ireland is satisfied that the parent of a child child subject who is subject to an approved school or training school order ^hooforder proposes to reside or is residing in Scotland, he may refer the or a committal case to the reporter of the local authority of the area in which order moving the parent of the child is proposing to reside or is residing to Scotland, and if the case is so referred the reporter shall arrange a children’s hearing for the consideration and determination of the case under Part III of this Act.

(2) Where a child has been committed to the care of a local authority in England or Wales under Parts III or IV of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 or Part II of the Educa-1933 c. 12. tion Act 1944, or committed to the care of a welfare authority in 1944 c. 31. Northern Ireland under Part III of the Children and Young 1950 c. 5 Persons Act (Northern Ireland) 1950 or Part I of the Education (N.I.).

Act (Northern Ireland) 1947 and that authority are satisfied 1947 c. 3. that the parent of the child proposes to reside or is residing in (N.I.). Scotland, the authority may make the like reference of the

case as mentioned in the foregoing subsection and the reporter shall arrange a children’s hearing accordingly.

(3) Any reference under subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section shall include particulars of the approved school or training school order or, as the case may be, of the order committing the child to the care of the local or welfare authority;

2 T 4*

1310

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part V

Procedure.

Meaning of child for the purposes of this Part of this Act.

Duty to make contributions in respect of children in care etc.

and for the purposes of any children’s hearing arranged pursuant to the reference those particulars shall be conclusive evidence of the existence of that order in relation to the child.

(4) When a children's hearing have disposed of a case referred to them under this section the order of the court in England or Wales or in Northern Ireland in respect of the child shall cease to have effect.

76. —(1) A children's hearing or juvenile court, in exercising an yjurisdiction under this Part of this Act in respect of a child, may proceed in the absence of the child or his parent or both.

(2) It shall be the duty of the reporter at any children's hearing arranged for the purposes of section 72 of this Act and of the clerk to any juvenile court referring a case to a reporter for the purposes of section 73 of this Act to ensure that all documents relating to the case or certified copies thereof are transmitted to the juvenile court or, as the case may be, to the reporter to which the case stands referred.

(3) Where a child is to be transferred from a residential establishment in Scotland to any place in England or Wales or in Northern Ireland under this Part of this Act, it shall be the duty of the local authority responsible for the child to ensure the transfer of the child to that place.

(4) Where a children's hearing is arranged under this Part of this Act in respect of a child subject to an approved school or training school order or committed to the care of a local authority in England or Wales or of a welfare authority in Northern Ireland, it shall be the duty of the managers of the approved school or of the training school or, as the case may be, of that local or welfare authority to ensure the transfer of the child to the place notified to them by the reporter.

77. —(1) " Child " in this Part of this Act means—

(a) for the purpose of sections 69 to 71, a child within the

meaning of Part III of this Act,

(b) for the purposes of section 73, a person under sixteen

and

(c) for any other purpose, a person under eighteen.

(2) " Parent " in this Part of this Act includes a guardian.

Part VI

Contributions in respect of Children in Care etc.

78. —(1) Where a child has been received into care under Part II of this Act or a supervision requirement to which this Part of this Act applies has been made in respect of him, contributions in respect of the child (hereinafter in this Part of this Act referred

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

1311

to as the44 maintainable child ’*) shall be payable— Part VI

(a) while the maintainable child is under sixteen years of age, by his father and mother;

(b) if he is over sixteen years of age and is engaged in remunerative employment, by the maintainable child himself.

(2) Supervision requirements to which this Part of this Act applies are requirements made under paragraph (a) of section 44(1) of this Act which impose a condition of residence on a child, other than a condition that he resides at his own home, and requirements made under paragraph (b) of the said section 44(1).

(3) In this Part of this Act "contributor" means a person liable to make contributions by virtue of subsection (1) of this section in respect of a maintainable child.

79. —(1) Subject to the provisions of the following subsection. Recipients of contributions payable under the last foregoing section shall contributions, be payable to the local authority within whose area the contributor is residing, and shall, in the case of contributions

paid in respect of a maintainable child in the care or under the supervision of a local authority, other than the authority to whom the contributions are payable as aforesaid, be paid over by the last-mentioned authority to that other authority, but subject to such deductions in respect of services rendered by the local authority to whom the contributions were payable as may be agreed between the authorities concerned or as, in default of agreement, may be determined by the Secretary of State.

(2) Where a contributor is for the time being residing in England or Wales or Northern Ireland contributions payable by him under the last foregoing section shall be payable to the local authority having the care or supervision of the child.

80. —(1) Where a child becomes a maintainable child by Enforcement virtue of being received into care by a local authority underof duty Part II of this Act or by virtue of a supervision requirement, ronti^utions. any court of summary jurisdiction, having jurisdiction in the

place where the contributor is for the time being residing, may, on the application of the local authority, at any time make an order on any contributor, hereinafter in this Act referred to as a contribution order, for weekly contributions in respect of the child of such amount as the court thinks proper.

(2) Where a contribution order has been made on any person to whom any pension or income capable of being arrested is payable, the court making the order may at the same time, and any court of summary jurisdiction having jurisdiction in the place where such person is for the time being residing may at any time, after giving the person by whom the pension or income is payable an opportunity of being heard, order that such part

1312

Ch. 49

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Part VI as the court may see fit of the pension or income be paid to the local authority who are for the time being entitled to receive the contributions under the contribution order.

(3) Any order made under the last foregoing subsection shall be an authority to the person by whom the pension or income is payable to make the payment so ordered and the receipt of the local' authority for the time being entitled to receive the contributions shall be a good discharge to the person by whom the pension or income is payable.

(4) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a contribution order in respect of a maintainable child shall remain in force—

(a) if the child is in the care of a local authority under Part

II of this Act, so long as he remains in their care under that Part;

(b) if the child is a maintainable child by virtue of a super-

vision requirement, so long as that requirement is in force.

(5) No contribution shall be payable, by virtue of a contribution order by a contributor who is the maintainable child's father or mother, in respect of any period after the maintainable child becomes sixteen.

(6) A contribution order may be revoked or varied by any court of summary jurisdiction having jurisdiction in the place where the contributor is for the time being residing and shall be enforceable in like manner as a decree for aliment.

(7) Where a contributor resides in England or Wales or Northern Ireland this section shall have effect as if for any reference to a court of summary jurisdiction having jurisdiction in a place where the contributor is for the time being residing there were substituted a reference to a court of summary jurisdiction having jurisdiction in any place within the area of the local authority having the care or supervision of the child.

Provisions as 81.—(1) Where a maintainable child is illegitimate and no

to decrees for decree for aliment has been granted in respect of him, the local aliment. authority concerned shall have the like right as the mother to raise an action of affiliation and aliment concluding for payment for aliment in respect of the child.

(2) Where a maintainable child is illegitimate and a decree for aliment is in force, on the application of the local authority concerned, any court of summary jurisdiction having jurisdiction in the place where the father is for the time being residing may, at any time, order the payments under the decree for aliment to be paid to the local authority who are from time to time entitled under either of the last two foregoing sections to receive contributions in respect of the child.

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1313

(3) Where a decree for aliment is obtained under this section or where an order made under this section in respect to a decree for aliment is in force any sums received under the decree for aliment shall be applied in like manner as if they were contributions received under a contribution order.

(4) (o) In this section the local authority concerned means the local authority which may make application for a contribution order in respect of a child under the last foregoing section;

(b) where the father of a child is resident in England or Wales or Northern Ireland, subsection (2) of this section shall have effect as if for the reference to a court of summary jurisdiction having jurisdiction in the place where the father is for the time being residing, there were substituted a reference to a court of summary jurisdiction having jurisdiction in any place within the area of the local authority concerned.

82. —(1) Where, by virtue of an order or decree made under either of the last two foregoing sections, any sum is payable to a local authority, the local authority in whose area the person liable under the order or decree is for the time being residing, or, as the case may be, the local authority having the care or supervision of the child to whom the order or decree relates, shall be entitled to receive and give a discharge for, and, if necessary, enforce payment of, any arrears accrued due under the order or decree, notwithstanding that those arrears may have accrued at a time when he was not resident in that area or, as the case may be, when the authority were not entitled to sums payable under the order or decree.

(2) In any proceedings under either of the last two foregoing sections, a certificate purporting to be signed by the clerk to a local authority for the time being entitled to receive contributions, or by some other officer of the authority duly authorised in that behalf, and stating that any sum due to the authority under an order or decree is overdue and unpaid, shall be sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein.

83. —(1) Where a child is by virtue of a supervision requirement removed from the care of any person and that person is entitled under any trust to receive any sum of money in respect of the maintenance of the child, on the application of the local authority concerned any court of summary jurisdiction, having jurisdiction in the place where that person is for the time being residing, may at any time order the whole or any part of the sums so payable under the trust to be paid to the local authority, to be applied by the authority for the benefit of the child in such manner as, having regard to the terms of the trust, the court may direct.

Part VI

Recovery of arrears of contributions.

Variation of trusts.

1314

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part VI

Transfer of assets and liabilities.

Transfer and compensation of officers.

(2) Where the person in whose care a child has been residing is for the time being residing in England or Wales or Northern Ireland the foregoing subsection shall have effect as if for the reference to a court having jurisdiction in the place where that person is residing there were substituted a reference to a court of summary jurisdiction having jurisdiction in any place within the area of the local authority having the care or supervision of the child.

Part VII Miscellaneous and General General

84. Where any functions are transferred to a local authority by virtue of this Act all property, rights, liabilities and obligations relating to the performance of those functions which immediately before the date of transfer were the property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the body or person from which the functions are transferred shall on that date be transferred to and vest in the local authority or, as the case may be, the local authorities to which the functions have been transferred, and the provisions of Schedule 6 to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of this section.

85. —(1) The Secretary of State shall provide by regulations for the transfer of existing officers of local authorities and of probation committees affected by the coming into operation of this Act and such regulations shall contain such provisions for the protection of the interests erf any such existing officers as he may consider necessary.

(2) Without prejudice to their generality, regulations under the foregoing subsection may include provision for the determination by the Secretary of State of questions arising out of the allocation of existing officers of a probation committee to any of the local authorities in whose area the area, or part of the area, of that committee is situated immediately before the commencement of this Act.

(3) The Secretary of State may make regulations for the extending, with such modifications as may be specified in the regulations, of the provisions of the Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Acts 1937 to 1953, or of any local Act scheme within the meaning of those Acts, to such existing officers of local authorities and of probation committees as are transferred by virtue of this Act or for modifying in respect of such officers, as may be so specified, the provisions of the said Acts or any such scheme.

(4) The Secretary of State shall make regulations providing for the payment by such authorities or other persons as may be prescribed by, or determined under the regulations, but

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1315

subject to such exceptions or conditions as may be so prescribed. Part vn of compensation to or in respect of persons who are die holders of any such place, situation or employment as may be so prescribed and who suffer loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments which is attributable to the provisions of this Act

(5) Regulations under the last foregoing subsection may include provision as to the manner in which and the person to whom any claim for compensation under this section is to be made, and for the determination of all questions arising under the regulations.

(6) Different regulations may be made under this section in relation to different classes of persons and different circumstances, and any such regulations may be so framed as to have effect as from a date earlier than the making thereof, so however that so much of any regulations as provides that any provision thereof is to have effect as from a date earlier than the making thereof shall not place any person (other than the person responsible for the payment of compensation) in a worse position than he would have been in if the regulations had been so framed as to have effect only as from the date of the making thereof.

(7) Any regulations made under this section may apply to such officers of approved school managers as the Secretary of State may specify in the regulations.

(8) In this section—

"existing officer" means an officer serving on such date or dates as may be specified in the regulations relating to him;

"officer" includes the holder of any place, situation or employment

86.—(1) Any expenditure which apart from this section Adjustments would fall to be borne by a local authority— between

(a) in the provision under this Act of accommodation for a providing

person ordinarily resident in the area of another local accommoda-authority, or tion etc., and

(b) in the provision under Part II of this Act of services of

and facilities for a person ordinarily so resident (includ- residence, ing, in the case of a child, any expenses incurred after

he has ceased to be a child, and, in the event of his care being taken over by virtue of section 15(4) of this Act including also any travelling or other expenses incurred in connection with the taking over), or

(c) for the conveyance of a person ordinarily resident as

aforesaid, or

(< d)in administering a supervision requirement in respect of a person ordinarily resident as aforesaid.

1316

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part VII

1946 c. 81.

1947 c. 27.

1948 c. 43. 1933 c. 12. 1937 c. 37.

Charges that may be made for services and

accommoda-

tion.

1948 c. 29.

shall be recoverable from the other local authority, and in this subsection any reference to another local authority includes a reference to a local authority in England or Wales.

(2) Any question arising under this section as to the ordinary residence of a person shall be determined by the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of State may determine that a person has no ordinary residence.

(3) In determining for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section the ordinary residence of any person or child, any period during which he was a patient in a hospital forming part of the hospital and specialist services provided under Part II of the National Health Service Act 1946 or Part II of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1947 or, in the case of a child, any period during which he resided in any place as an inmate of a school or other institution, or in accordance with the requirements of a supervision requirement, supenrision order or probation order or the conditions of a recognizance, or while boarded out under this Act or under the Children Act 1948, the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 or the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937 by a local authority or education authority shall be disregarded.

87.—(1) Subject to the provisions of section 14 of this Act, and of this section, a local authority may recover from persons availing themselves of any service provided under this Act such charges (if any) as, having regard to the cost of the service, the authority may determine, whether generally or in the circumstances of any particular case.

(2) Persons, other than maintainable children, for whom accommodation is provided under this Act, shall be required to pay for that accommodation in accordance with the subsequent provisions of this section.

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, accommodation provided under this Act shall be regarded as accommodation provided under Part III of the National Assistance Act 1948, and sections 22(2) to (9) and 26(2) to (4) (charges for accommodation and provision of accommodation in premises maintained by voluntary organisations) and sections 42 to 44 of the said Act of 1948 (which make provision for the mutual maintenance of wives and husbands and the maintenance of their children by recovery of assistance from persons liable for maintenance and for affiliation orders, etc.) shall apply accordingly.

(4) In the application of the said section 22, for any reference to the Minister there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State, and in the application of the said section 26, any references to arrangements under a scheme for the provision

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1317

of accommodation shall be construed as references to arrange- Part vii ments made by a local authority with a voluntary organisation for the provision of accommodation under this Act

(5) The Secretary of State may, with the consent of the Treasury, make regulations for modifying or adjusting the rates at which payments under this section are made, where such a course appears to him to be justified, and any such regulations may provide for the waiving of any such payment in whole or in part in such circumstances as may be specified in the regulations.

(6) A local authority may refer to the Supplementary Benefits Commission for investigation any question arising as to the resources or other circumstances of a person applying for accommodation under this Act or for whom such accommodation is being provided.

88.—(1) Where— Duty of

(a) a child is received into the care of a local authority parents to

under Part II of this Act; or

(b) he is subject to a supervision requirement,

the parents of the child shall keep the local authority responsible for the supervision or care of the child informed of the parents* address.

(2) The parent of a child to whom the foregoing subsection relates and who knowingly fails to comply with the requirements of that subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine of ten pounds; but in any proceedings under this section it shall be a defence that the accused was at the material time residing at the same address as the other parent and had reasonable cause to believe that the other parent kept the local authority responsible for the supervision or the care of the child informed of the address of both parents.

(3) A father who is making any payment to a local authority by virtue of any order or decree under Part VI of this Act shall be regarded as a parent for the purposes of this section.

89. Part II of Schedule 1 to the Tribunals and Inquiries Act Application 1958 shall have effect as if— of Tribunals

(a) any children’s hearing constituted and arranged in 1958!™

pursuance of this Act, and

(b) any appeal tribunal established under Schedule 5 to

this Act, were specified therein.

1958 c. 66.

90.—(1) Any power to make regulations or orders (other than Orders, orders under sections 52 and 58 and Part V of this Act), or to regulations prescribe any matter, or to make rules conferred on the Secretary ctc-of State by this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

1318

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Part VII

Expenses.

Effect of Act on rate support grant.

1966 c. 51.

Transitional

provisions.

(2) Any statutory instrument made in the exercise of any power to make regulations conferred by this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

(3) Any power conferred by this Act to make orders shall include a power, exercisable in the like manner and subject to the same conditions, to vary or revoke any such order.

91. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any sums required for the payment of grants under

this Act or any other expenses of the Secretary of State under this Act and

(b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act

in the sums payable out of such money under any other Act

92. —(1) The Secretary of State shall have power, by an order made in the like manner and subject to the like provisions as a rate support grant order, to vary the provisions of any rate support grant order made before the commencement of this Act for a grant period ending after the commencement of this Act.

(2) Any order made by virtue of this section may be made for all or any of the years comprised in the said rate support grant period, as may be specified in the order, and in respect of the year or years so specified shall increase the annual aggregate amount of the rate support grants to such extent as may appear to the Secretary of State to be appropriate having regard to any additional expenditure incurred or likely to be incurred by councils of counties or of large burghs in consequence of the passing of this Act.

(3) The provisions of this section shall have effect without prejudice to the exercise of any power conferred by section 4 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1966 (which confers power to vary rate support grant orders in consequence of unforeseen increases in the level of prices, costs or remuneration).

(4) In this section the expressions " rate support grant order " and " grant period " have the meanings respectively assigned to them by subsection (1) and subsection (3) of section 3 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1966.

Supplementary

93. The transitional provisions set out in Schedule 7 to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of the transition to the provisions of this Act from the law in force before the commencement of this Act.

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1319

94.—(1) In this Act, except where otherwise expressly pro- Part VII vided or the context otherwise requires, the following expressions Interpretation, have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them—

"approved school" means a school approved by the

Secretary of State under section 79 of the Children and 1933 c. 12. Young Persons Act 1933,

" approved school order " has the meaning assigned to it by section 107(1) of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933,

" children's panel " and " children's hearing" have the meanings respectively assigned to them by sections 33(1) and 34(1) of this Act.

"compulsory measures of care" means, in relation to a child, such measure of care as may be imposed upon him by a children’s hearing,

"constable" means a constable of a police force within

the meaning of the Police (Scotland) Act 1967, 1967 c. 77.

"contributor" and "contribution order" have the meanings respectively assigned to them by sections 78 and 80 of this Act,

"establishment" means an establishment managed by a local authority, voluntary organisation or any other person, which provides non-residential accommodation for the purposes of this Act, whether for reward or not,

" functions " shall include powers and duties,

" guardian " means a person appointed by deed or will or by order of a court of competent jurisdiction to be the guardian of a child, or in relation to a child includes any person who, in the opinion of the court or children’s hearing having cognizance of any case in relation to the child or in which the child is concerned, has for the time being the charge of or control over the child,

" hospital " means—

(a) any hospital vested in the Secretary of State

under the National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1947 c. 27.

1947,

(b) any private hospital registered under the Mental i960 c. 61.

Health (Scotland) Act 1960, and

(c) any State hospital, within the meaning of Part

VH of the said Act of 1960,

" local authority ", in relation to Scotland, has the meaning assigned to it by section 1(2) of this Act,

"maintainable child" has the meaning assigned to it by section 78 of this Act,

1320

Ch. 49

Social Work ( Scotla Act 1968

Part VO 1960 c. 61.

1948 c. 58.

1950 c. 7 (NX).

44mental disorder’* has the meaning assigned to it by section 6 of the Mental Health (Scotland) Act 1960.

44 mental health officer " means an officer of a local authority appointed to act as a mental health officer for the purposes of the said Act of 1960.

44 parent " means either or both parents and, —

(a) in relation to a child adopted in pursuance of any enactment, means the person or persons by whom he was adopted to the exclusion of his natural parents.

(b) in relation to a child who is illegitimate, means his mother to the exclusion of his father,

44 performance ", in relation to functions, includes the exercise of powers as well as the performance of duties, and 44 perform " shall be construed accordingly,

44 persons in need " means persons who,

(a) are in need of care and attention arising out of infirmity, youth or age; or

(b) suffer from illness or mental disorder or are substantially handicapped by any deformity or disability; or

(c) have been rendered homeless and are in need of temporary accommodation; or

(d) being persons prescribed by the Secretary of State who have asked for assistance, are. in the opinion of a local authority, persons to whom the authority may appropriately make available the services and facilities provided by them under this Act,

44 place of safety " means any residential or other establishment provided by a local authority, a police station, or any hospital, surgery or other suitable place, the occupier of which is willing temporarily to receive a child,

44 probation order ", in relation to an order imposed by a court in England or Wales, has the meaning assigned to it by section 3 of the Criminal Justice Act 1948, and in relation to such an order, imposed by a court in Northern Ireland, has the same meaning as in the Probation Act (Northern Ireland) 1950,

44 residential establishment " means an establishment managed by a local authority, voluntary organisation or any other person, which provides residential accommodation for the purposes of this Act, whether for reward or not.

i

Social Work ( Scotla Act 1968

Ch. 49

1321

"school age" has the meaning assigned to it by section Partvn 32(1) of the Education (Scotland) Act 1962. 19& c. 47.

44 supervision order ", in relation to an order imposed by a court in England or Wales, has the meaning assigned to it by section 5 of the Children and Young Persons 1963 c. 37. Act 1963, and in relation to an order imposed by a court in Northern Ireland has the meaning assigned to it by section 63(l)(d) of the Children and Young 1950 c. 5 Persons Act (Northern Ireland) 1950, (N-I )*

44 supervision requirement " has the meaning assigned to it by section 44(1) of this Act.

44 training school " means a school approved by the Ministry of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland under section 106 of the Children and Young Persons Act (Northern Ireland) 1950.

44 training school order " means an order made by a court in Northern Ireland sending a child or young person to a training school.

44 voluntary organisation " means a body the activities of which are carried on otherwise than for profit, but does not include any public or local authority.

44 welfare authority " means a welfare authority constituted

under the Public Health and Local Government 1946 c. 19 (Administrative Provisions) Act (Northern Ireland) (N.I.).

1946.

(2) Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to any other enactment is a reference thereto as amended, and includes a reference thereto as extended or applied by or under any other enactment including this Act.

(3) Without prejudice to the last foregoing subsection, any reference in this Act to an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, or to an enactment which that Parliament has power to amend, shall be construed, in relation to Northern Ireland, as a reference to that enactment as amended by any Act of that Parliament, whether passed before or after this Act, and to any enactment of that Parliament passed after this Act and re-enacting the said enactment with or without modifications.

95.—(1) The enactments described in Schedule 8 to this Act Minor and shall have effect subject to the amendments therein specified, consequential being minor amendments and amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of this Act savings.

(2) The enactments described in Schedule 9 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

1322

Ch. 49

Social Work ( Scotla Act 1968

Part vn (3) Subject to any expression in this Act to the contrary, in so far as any appointment, agreement or any provision in a regulation or order made or any notice, direction, consent, approval, warrant or certificate given under any enactment repealed by this Act or registration effected, or deemed to have been effected, proceedings instituted or other thing done under any such enactment could have been made, passed, given, granted, effected, instituted or done under a corresponding provision of this Act, it shall not be invalidated by this repeal, but shall have effect as if it had been made, passed, given, granted, effected, instituted or done to that corresponding provision and may be amended, varied, revoked or enforced accordingly, and, in the case of any legal proceedings, may be continued and appealed against as if this Act had not been passed.

96. Notwithstanding any limitation imposed on the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland by the Government of Ireland Act 1920, that Parliament may, by any Act re-enacting (with or without modifications) or amending the law in force in Northern Ireland with respect to children requiring compulsory measures of care, make such amendments of the provisions of this Act which extend to Northern Ireland as may be necessary for the purpose of bringing the said provisions into conformity with the provisions of that Act.

Extension 97.—(1) The following provisions of this Act shall extend to

of certain England and Wales, that is to say—

provisions of .

Act to section 58

England and sections 86 and 87

Northern Part V

Ireland and

the Channel Schedule 8

Islands.

Part II of Schedule 9.

(2) The following provisions of this Act shall extend to Northern Ireland, that is to say—

Part V

section 96

Schedule 8.

(3) The following provisions of this Act shall extend to the Channel Islands, that is to say sections 69 to 71.

(4) Save as aforesaid, and except in so far as it relates to the interpretation or commencement of the provisions, this Act shall extend only to Scotland.

Power of Parliament of Northern Ireland to make

consequential amendments of this Act.

1920 c. 67.

Social Work (Scotland) Act

Ch. 49

1323

98. —(1) This Act (except this section) shall come into opera- Part vn don on such date as the Secretary of State may by order appoint Commence-

(2) Different dates may be appointed by order under this section for different purposes of this Act; and any reference in any provision of this Act to the commencement of this Act shall, unless otherwise provided by any such order, be construed as a reference to the date on which that provision comes into operation.

99. This Act may be cited as the Social Work (Scotland) Act Short title. 1968.

1324

Ch. 49

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Section 19. 1958 c. 65.

Section 31. 1937 c. 37.

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 Amendment of Children Act 1958

1. After section 1 there shall be inserted the following section—

" 1A. In Scotland, without prejudice to the provisions of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968, it shall be the duty of every local authority to secure the welfare of children within their area who are foster children within the meaning of this Part of this Act and, where the local authority consider such a course to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of this section, they shall cause the children to be visited from time to time by their officers, who shall give such advice as to the care and maintenance of the children as may appear to be necessary".

2. —(1) In section 2(1), for the words "and maintenance" to the word "month " there shall be substituted the words " is undertaken for a period of more than six days beginning with the day on which the child is received into that care ".

(2) In section 2(3), after paragraph (i) there shall be added the following paragraph—

" (/) who undertakes his care for a period not exceeding one month beginning with the day the child is received into that care, unless—

(i) the person during the year immediately preceding the date of receiving into care has had the care of one or more foster children for periods which in the aggregate exceed three months, or

(ii) the number of continuous periods which exceed six days beginning on the day of receiving into care, throughout which a particular child or any child was in the care of that person in that period of one year, exceeds three."

(3) Section 2(6) and (7) shall be omitted.

3. In section 9, after the word "foster-child " there shall be inserted the words " for reward ".

SCHEDULE 2

Amendment of Part IV of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937

Part I

General Adaptations

1. Subject to the provisions of Part II of this Schedule any reference to a child or to a young person shall be construed as a reference to a child within the meaning of Part HI of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968.

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1325

2. Any reference to a court of summary jurisdiction or to a juvenile Sch. 2 court (except in section 54) shall be construed as a reference to the sheriff sitting summarily.

Part n

Specific Adaptations

3. —(1) In section 40(1) for the words "apparently under the age of seventeen years " there shall be substituted the words " who is apparently a child ".

(2) In section 40(2) for the words " apparently under the age of seventeen years" there shall be substituted the words "who is apparently a child," and for the words " remand home " there shall be substituted the words " place of safety other than a police station ".

(3) After subsection (2) there shall be inserted the following subsections—

"(3) Where a person who is apparently a child has been detained under this section and is not so liberated as aforesaid and it is decided not to proceed with the charge against him a constable shall so inform the reporter of the local authority for the area in which the child is detained, and the child may continue to be detained in a place of safety until the reporter has decided on the course that should be taken with regard to the child under the provisions of Part m of the Social Work (Scodand) Act 1968.

(4) A child shall not continue to be detained under this section—

(a) where the reporter considers the child does not require compulsory measures of care, or

(b) after the day on which a children’s hearing first sit to consider his case in pursuance of section 37(4) of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968, or

(c) for a period exceeding seven days."

4. —(1) In section 41, for subsection (1) there shall be substituted the following subsection—

" (1) Any court, on remanding or committing for trial a child who is not liberated on bail shall, instead of committing him to prison, commit him to the local authority in whose area the court is situated to be detained in a place of safety chosen by the local authority for the period for which he is remanded or until he is liberated in due course of law:

Provided that in the case of a child over fourteen years of age it shall not be obligatory on the court so to commit him if the court certifies that he is of so unruly a character that he cannot safely be so committed, or that he is of so depraved a character that he is not a fit person to be so detained."

(2) In subsection (2), for the words " young person " where first occurring there shall be substituted the words "child over fourteen years of age ", and where secondly occurring there shall be substituted the word "child ".

1326

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Sea. 2

1933 c. 12.

5. For section 43 there shall be substituted the following section—

" 43.—(1) Where a child is to be brought before a court

notification of the day and hour when, and the nature of the charge on which, the child is to be so brought shall be sent by the chief constable of the area in which the offence is alleged to have been committed, to the local authority for the area in which the court will sit (2) Where a local authority have received a notification under the foregoing subsection they shall make such investigations and render available to the court a report which shall contain such information as to the home surroundings of the child as appear to them will assist the court in the disposal of his case, and the report shall contain information, which the appropriate education authority shall have a duty to supply, as to the school record, health and character of the child."

6. In section 44, after the word "child" where first occurring there shall be inserted the words " under fourteen years of age

7. In section 46(1) for the words "child or young person", in both places where these words occur, there shall be substituted the words " a person under the age of seventeen years

8. —(1) In section 47(1) the words " until he can be brought before a juvenile court " shall be omitted wherever occurring.

(2) After subsection (1) there shall be inserted the following subsection—

" (1A) A child shall not continue to be detained under the last foregoing subsection—

(a) where the reporter considers the child does not require compulsory measures of care, or

(b) after the day on which a children’s hearing first sit to consider

his case in pursuance of section 37(4) of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968, or

(c) for a period exceeding seven days ".

9. In section 48, for the words " any child or young person " there shall be substituted the words "any person under the age of seventeen ", and for the words " the child or young person " there shall be substituted the words " the person ".

10. For section 50 there shall be substituted the following section— Childcharged " 50. When a child has been charged with an offence jointly with jointly with a person who is not a child the provisions of

sections 52 to 54 of this Act and section 49 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 shall not apply to summary proceedings before the sheriff in respect of the charges."

11. —(1) In section 52(1), for the words from the beginning to the words "a juvenile court", second occurring, there shall be substituted the words—

" Where summary proceedings are brought in respect of an offence alleged to have been committed by a child the sheriff shall

Notice to local

authority of

cfaaraes

against

children,

and duty of

local

authority

to furnish

reports and

information

to courts.

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1327

sit either in a different building or room from that in which he Sen. 2 usually sits or on different days from those on which other courts in the building are engaged in criminal proceedings; and no person shall be present at any sitting to which this subsection applies

(2) For subsection (2) there shall be substituted the following subsection—

" (2) The power to make rules conferred on the High Court of Justiciary under section 76(1) of the Summary Jurisdiction 1954 c. 48. (Scotland) Act 1954 shall include power to make rules as respects the procedure in cases to which the foregoing subsection applies."

12. In section 53(5), for the words from the beginning to the words " juvenile court ", there shall be substituted the words " Any direction in any enactment that a charge shall be brought before a juvenile court shall be construed as a direction that he shall be brought before the sheriff sitting as a court of summary jurisdiction, and no such direction

13. In section 54(1), after the word "report " there shall be inserted the words "of any summary proceedings in the sheriff court in respect of an offence by a child or", and for the words "child or young person " in both places where these words occur there shall be substituted the words "a person under the age of seventeen years".

14. In section 57(2), for the words from the beginning to " harm " there shall be substituted the words " Where a child is convicted on indictment ".

15. In section 58, the words from the beginning to " imprisonment or " shall be omitted and for the words from M he be committed " to the end of the section, there shall be substituted the words " the child be detained for such period, not exceeding one month, as may be specified in the order in a place chosen by the local authority in whose area the court is situated."

16. After section 58 there shall be inserted the following section—

Committal " 58A.—(1) Where a child charged summarily before

far residential the sheriff with an offence pleads guilty to, or is found trammg- guilty of, that offence the sheriff may order the child to be committed for such period not exceeding two years as may be specified in the order to such a place as the Secretary of State may direct for the purpose of undergoing residential training, and where such an order is made the child shall during that period be liable to be detained in that place subject to such conditions as the Secretary of State may direct

(2) A child detained pursuant to the directions of the Secretary of State under this section shall, while so detained, be deemed to be in legal custody.

(3) Any child so detained as aforesaid may at any time be released conditionally or unconditionally by the

2 U

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Secretary of State, and any such child conditionally released shall be liable to recall on the directions of the Secretary of State and if he fails to comply with any condition of his release he may be apprehended without warrant and taken to the place from which he was released."

17. In section 59(2), after the words 44for his* there shall be inserted the words 44 co-operation in securing the child's *.

18. In section 62, for the words 44 an approved school * there shall be substituted the words 44 a residential establishment ", and in paragraph (c), for the word 44school" there shall be substituted the words 44 residential establishment ".

19. In section 63(3), for the words 44 juvenile offenders " there shall be substituted the word 44 children ", and the words 44 under the Probation of Offenders Act 1907 " shall be omitted.

20. For section 67 there shall be substituted the following section—

44 67. Any court by or before which a person is convicted of having committed in respect of a child any of the offences mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act or any offence under section 21 of this Act, may refer the child to the reporter of the local authority in whose area the child resides and certify that the said offence shall be a ground established for the purposes of Part in of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968."

SCHEDULE 3 Children’s Panels

Appointment

1. The Secretary of State shall appoint such number of members of children's panels for each local authority area as he considers appropriate and from among these members he shall appoint a chairman and a deputy chairman.

2. A member of a children’s panel shall hold office for such period as is specified by the Secretary of State, but may be removed from office by the Secretary of State at any time.

Children's Panel Advisory Committee

3. Each local authority shall form a Children’s Panel Advisory Committee consisting of two members nominated by the local authority and three members nominated by the Secretary of State at least one of whom shall be resident in the area of the local authority.

4. The chairman of the Children’s Panel Advisory Committee shall be appointed by the Secretary of State from among the members he has nominated, and shall be resident in the area of the local authority.

5. It shall be the duty of the Children’s Panel Advisory Committee—

(a) to submit names of possible panel members to the Secretary of State;

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1329

(b) to advise the Secretary of State as required on the suitability of persons referred to him as possible members; and

(c) to advise the Secretary of State on such matters relating to

the general administration of panels as he may refer to them.

Recruitment and Training of Panel Members

6. The Secretary of State may make such arrangements as he considers appropriate to recruit and train members or possible members of children’s panels.

7. Each local authority may make such arrangements as they consider appropriate—

(a) to enable the Children’s Panel Advisory Committee to obtain names for submission to the Secretary of State as possible panel members, and

(b) to train panel members or possible panel members.

Expenses of Panel Members

8. A local authority may pay the members or possible members of the children’s panel and members of the Children’s Panel Advisory Committee for their area such travelling, subsistence and other expenses as the Secretary of State may prescribe in regulations.

Amendment of Legal Aid (Scotland) Act 1967

1. In section 1, in subsection (6), for the words ‘-‘any civil proceedings " there shall be substituted the words " civil proceedings other than the proceedings mentioned in the next following subsection", and at the end of that subsection there shall be inserted the following subsection—

" (6A) A child or his parent shall not be given legal aid in connection with any proceedings before the sheriff or on any subsequent appeal to the Court of Session, being proceedings in respect of a decision of a children’s hearing or of an application to the sheriff for a finding under the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968, unless—

(a) he is entitled to receive such aid by virtue of subsection (5A) of the next following section; or

(b) the sheriff, in respect of proceedings before him, is satisfied that the giving of legal aid is necessary in the interests of the child and grants a legal aid certificate; or

(c) it appears, in respect of an appeal to the Court of

Session, that the child or his parent has substantial grounds for making the appeal and that it is reasonable that the child or his parent should receive legal aid in the particular circumstances of the case ".

2. —(1) In section 2(1), after the words " civil proceedings " there shall be inserted the words ", other than proceedings mentioned in

2 U 2

Sch. 3

SCHEDULE 4

Section 53,

1330

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Sch. 4 subsection (6A) of the foregoing section " and after the words "refused legal aid" there shall be inserted the words "in respect of such proceedings first mentioned*.

(2) In subsection (2), for the words from " in connection with * to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words—

" shall be available in connection with—

(a) criminal proceedings, to an accused person, and

(b) the civil proceedings mentioned in subsection (6A) of the foregoing section, to the child or his parent.

where the court is satisfied after consideration of the financial circumstances of the accused or, as the case may be, of the child and his parent that the expenses of the case cannot be met without undue hardship to the accused or his dependants or, as the case may be. to the child or his parent, or the dependants of either *.

(3) In subsection (3), at the end there shall be inserted the following paragraph—

" (e) in relation to civil proceedings mentioned in the said subsection (6A) the sheriff *.

(4) In subsection (4), at the end there shall be added the following paragraphs—

"(c) in any case the sheriff has made legal aid available to a child or his parent in the civil proceedings mentioned in the said subsection (6A), the child, or, as the case may be, his parent, shall continue to be regarded as financially eligible for legal aid in connection with any subsequent proceedings on appeal to the sheriff or to the Court of Session or on remit from that Court;

(d) legal aid has not been made available to a child or his parent in such civil proceedings as aforesaid, and his case comes before the Court of Session, legal aid shall be available to him if that Court is satisfied of his financial eligibility as aforesaid.*.

(5) After subsection (5), there shall be inserted the following subsection—

" (5A) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Act relating to legal aid in civil proceedings, such aid shall be available to a child or his parent without enquiry into his resources in any appeal under Part m of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 by the child or parent against the child's detention in a place of safety while awaiting disposal of his case by a children’s hearing.*

(6) In subsection (6), at the end of the subsection there shall be added the following words "; but the provisions of paragraphs (c).

(d) and ( e) of this subsection and the next following subsection shall not apply to the civil proceedings mentioned in subsection (6A) of the foregoing section or in subsection (3A) of this section *'.

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1331

3. In section 20(1). after the word "requires—* there shall be inserted the following definition—

" the expression 4 child * has the same meaning as in Part HI of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968; " and

after the definition of "member of the forces ", there shall be inserted the following definition—

44 the expression 4 parent * has the same meaning as in Part in of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

SCHEDULE 5 Appeal Tribunals

1. For the purpose of enabling appeal tribunals to be constituted as occasion may require, there shall be appointed by the Secretary of State a panel (hereafter referred to as 44the panel*) of persons to act when required as members of any such tribunal.

2. No officer of any Government department shall be qualified to be appointed to the panel.

3. Any person appointed to be a member of the panel shall hold office for such period and subject to such conditions as may be determined by the Secretary of State.

4. Where any appeal is required to be determined by a tribunal constituted in accordance with this Schedule, the tribunal shall consist of a sheriff (or, if he is unable to act, a person qualified for appointment as sheriff nominated by the Lord President of the Court of Session), who shall be chairman, and two other members being impartial persons who shall be appointed from the panel by the Secretary of State.

5. The Secretary of State may—

(a) pay to members of tribunals constituted as aforesaid such

fees and allowances as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine,

(b) defray the expenses of such tribunals up to such amounts as he may with the like consent determine.

6. —(1) The Secretary of State may make rules—

(a) as to the tenure of office of members of the panel,

(b) as to the procedure of tribunals and the procedure in connection with the bringing of matters before a tribunal, and as to the time within which matters may be brought before tribunals,

(c) as to the payment by the Secretary of State to persons attending proceedings before tribunals of travelling and other allowances (including compensation for loss of remunerative time).

(2) The power under this paragraph to make rules as to procedure includes power to make provision as to the representation of one person in any proceedings by another person.

2 U 3

Sch. 4

Section 64.

1332

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Sch.

Section 84.

Section 93.

7. In this Schedule the expression " sheriff" does not include a sheriff-substitute, and means the sheriff of the county in which the establishment to which the appeal relates is situated or is proposed to be established.

SCHEDULE 6 Transfer of Assets and Liabilities

1. Every agreement to which the transferor was a party immediately before the date of transfer shall have effect as from that date in favour of or against the transferee as if the transferee had been a party to the agreement instead of the transferor.

2. Where the functions of the transferor are transferred to more than one transferee the property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the transferor shall be allocated in such a manner as relates to the allocation of the functions transferred to each of the transferees.

3. Any legal or other proceedings to which the transferor is a party which are pending on the date of the transfer may be continued on or after that date as if the transferee instead of the transferor had been that party.

4. The Secretary of State may make regulations for facilitating the transfer of any property, rights, liabilities or obligations in pursuance of this Act.

3. In this Schedule—

(a) " transferor " means a body or person from whom a func-

tion has been transferred under this Act and from whom any property, right, liability or obligation has been so transferred, and

(b) " transferee " means a local authority to whom a function or any property, right, liability or obligation has been so transferred,

and "transfer of function" includes the giving of a function to a local authority which was previously performed by another body including another local authority.

SCHEDULE 7

Transitional Provisions Registration of existing establishments

1.—(1) Until the expiration of a period of two years beginning with the commencement of Part IV of this Act, or until registration is effected or refused under the said Part IV, whichever of those three events first occurs—

(a) a registration in respect of any establishment under any enactment repealed by this Act shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be a registration kept by a local authority under section 63 thereof, and

(b) a registration in respect of any establishment (other than an approved school) not required under any enactment

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1333

immediately before the said commencement but required Sea. 7 thereafter shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be kept as aforesaid by a local authority so long as there is no change of user.

(2) Notwithstanding the coming into operation of the said Part IV, the provisions of the said Part shall not apply in relation to approved schools until the commencement of Part HI of this Act and thereafter, until the expiration of a period of two years beginning with the said commencement or until registration is effected or refused under the said Part IV, whichever of these three events first occurs, a registration in respect of an approved school required under the said Part IV shall, subject to the provisions of the next following paragraph, be deemed to be kept by the Secretary of State under that Part

(3) Before the expiration of the period of two years mentioned in either of the two foregoing sub-paragraphs, the persons responsible for the management of any establishment deemed to be registered as aforesaid shall, if they intend the establishment to continue for the purposes in respect of which it is so deemed, make application for registration in accordance with the provisions of the said Part IV.

Approved schools

2.—(1) The following enactments shall, notwithstanding the repeal or exclusion by this Act of any such enactment, continue to have effect, with any necessary modifications, in relation to establishments which were approved schools immediately before the commencement of Part IQ of this Act until such time as the Secretary of State otherwise directs, either generally or in regard to any particular establishment—

(a) the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937: 1937 c. 37. sections 83(2) and (3) and 85(1), (2Xa) and (c) (surrender

of certificate of approval of approved school and classification and administration etc. of approved schools); section 107(lX<*Xi) and (b) and (2) (exchequer grants and expenses of the Secretary of State);

(b) the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1963: sections 21 and 1963 c. 39. 22 (directions as to management of approved schools and constitution of managers).

(2) Until such time as the Secretary of State makes a direction under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph in respect of an establishment the payments made by a local authority under this Act in respect of the expenses of carrying on the establishment shall be at such rate as the Secretary of State shall from time to time prescribe.

(3) Until such time as aforesaid any contributions or sums received by a local authority by virtue of any order or decree made under Part VI of this Act, or deemed to be so made, in respect of a child in an establishment shall be paid to the Secretary of State, but subject to such deductions in respect of the services rendered by the authority as may be prescribed.

2 u 4

1334

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Sch. 7

1948 c.43.

Contributions in respect of children taken into care

3. After the commencement of Part n of this Act and until the commencement of Part VI thereof. Part III of the Children Act 1948 shall have the like effect in relation to children taken into care under section 15 of this Act as it had in relation to children taken into care under section 1 of that Act

Approved school orders, fit person orders, and supervision orders

4. —(1) This paragraph applies to children who immediately before the commencement of Part III of this Act were in any of the following classes, that is to say children who are—

(a) subject to an approved school order,

(b) committed to the care of a fit person under an order of a court

(c) under a supervision order,

(d) subject to an order of committal to custody in a remand home.

(2) Subject to the next following sub-paragraph, a child to whom this paragraph applies shall, on the coming into operation of the said Part III, continue to be subject to any such order as aforesaid, and any provision of any enactment applying to the operation of the order and the treatment of the child shall, notwithstanding the repeal or exclusion by this Act of any such provision, continue so to apply.

(3) It shall be the duty of such local authorities as may be prescribed by the Secretary of State, by such date, and in such circumstances and in such cases as may be so prescribed to arrange for children to whom this paragraph applies to be brought before a children's hearing for the consideration and disposal of their cases under Part III of this Act, and on the disposal of a case the order relating to the child shall cease to have effect

(4) The provisions of the last foregoing sub-paragraph shall apply in the case of a child over the age of sixteen years who has not attained the age of eighteen years, but where a child has attained the age of eighteen years, on such date as the Secretary of State may prescribe, the order relating to the child shall cease to have effect

Jurisdiction of courts

5.—(1) Subject to the next following sub-paragraph, on the commencement of Part III of this Act, for the purpose of continuing the jurisdiction of courts in respect of children and young persons who before the said commencement have been charged with an offence, and in respect of children and young persons whose cases have been disposed of but where the courts have continuing functions at the time of that commencement arising from the form of disposal, the provisions of any enactment relating to those courts and cases in them shall, notwithstanding the repeal or exclusion by this Act of any such provisions, continue to have effect in relation to those courts and to those cases.

Social Work ( Scotla Act 1968

Ch. 49

1335

(2) In the case of a juvenile court constituted under section 51 Sch. 7 of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937, the provi- 1937 c. 37. sions of the foregoing sub-paragraph shall apply until such time as the Secretary of State otherwise directs, and on any such direction being made any question arising from the imposition of an order of such a court shall be dealt with by the sheriff having jurisdiction in the former area of that court as if the order had been made by him.

6. On the coming into operation of the said Part III the jurisdiction of a juvenile court in relation to the care and protection of children shall cease, and any case of a child under the age of sixteen years which was before the court under that jurisdiction immediately before the said commencement shall stand referred to the reporter of the local authority in whose area the child is ordinarily resident, or, where his ordinary residence is not known or is furth of Scotland, to the reporter of the local authority in whose area the circumstances arose which brought his case before the court

Remand Home Grant

7. Until such time as the Secretary of State may direct, section 107(tfXiii) of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937 shall continue to have effect.

Probation Grant

8. Until such time as the Secretary of State may by order direct, section 75 (3)(a) and (f>), (4) and (5) of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) 1949 c. 94. Act 1949 shall continue to have effect.

Interpretation

9. In this Schedule the following expressions have the meanings assigned to them—

" approved school " means a school approved under section 83 of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937.

"approved school order" has the meaning assigned to it by section 110(1) of the said Act of 1937.

" remand home " has the meaning assigned to it by section 78(1) of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1949.

" supervision order " has the meaning assigned to it by section 72 of the said Act of 1949.

SCHEDULE 8 Section 95(1).

Minor and Consequential Amendments

Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act 1926 1926 c. 15.

1. In section 9(4Xd), for the words " remand home " and " home " there shall be substituted the words " place of safety ".

Children and Young Persons Act 1933 1933 c. 12.

2. In section 70(2), in the proviso, after the words " 1948 " there shall be inserted the words " or Part II of the Social Work (Scotland)

Act 1968", and after the words "probation order" there shall be inserted the words " or supervision requirement ".

2 U*

1336

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Sch. 8

1937 c. 37.

1963 c. 39.

3. In section 76(1B), after the words "probation order* there shall be inserted the words "or supervision requirement* and after the words " 1948 * there shall be inserted the words " or Part II of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 ".

4. In section 90(6), after the words " 1948 * there shall be inserted the words "or Part II of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968*, and after the words "probation order* there shall be inserted the words "or supervision requirement*.

5. In section 107(1), after the definition of "street * there shall be inserted the following definition—

"*supervision requirement* has the same meaning as in the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968; *,

Children and Young Persons ( Act 1937

6. In section 38(3), for the words "an approved school* there shall be substituted the words "a residential establishment where education is provided *.

7. —(1) In section 87(1), for the words from "to an approved school * to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words "to such place in Scotland as the Secretary of State may direct for the purposes of undergoing residential training, and after his transfer to that place may be dealt with and shall be subject to the provisions of this Act and of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1963 as if the order sending him to the school in England or Northern Ireland were an order for committal for residential training made under section S8A of this Act made upon the same date, and as if the order were authority for his detention for a period not exceeding the period for which he might be detained under the approved school order or, as the case may be, the training school order made in respect of him*.

(2) In section 87(2) to (4), any reference to an approved school in Scotland shall be construed as a reference to a place in respect of which the Secretary of State has made, or may make, a direction under subsection (1).

(3) In section 87(3), the words from " approved school as * to the end of the subsection shall be omitted, and there shall be substituted the words " to such place in Scotland as the Secretary of State may direct for the purposes of undergoing residential training, and after his transfer to that place may be dealt with and shall be subject to the provisions of this Act and of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1963 as if the order were an order for committal for residential training made under section 58A of this Act made upon the same date’*.

8. After section 101(2) there shall be inserted the following subsection—

" (2A) Expenses incurred under this Act by a local authority shall be defrayed in like manner as the expenses of that authority under the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968.*

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1337

9. —(1) In section 103(1), for the words " whether charged with an Sch. 8 offence or not " there shall be substituted the words " charged with

an offence

(2) After subsection (1), there shall be added the following subsection—

44 (1A) The court in making any inquiry in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection shall have regard to the application for the provisions of section 30(1) of the Social Work (Scotland)

Act 1968 but an order or judgment of the court shall not be invalidated by any subsequent proof that the court was not informed that at die material time the person was subject to a supervision requirement or that his case had been referred to a children's hearing under Part V of that Act.’*.

(3) After subsection (4), there shall be added the following subsection—

"(5) In subsections (1) and (2) of this section, references to a child or young person charged with an offence shall be construed as references to a child within the meaning of section 30(1) of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968/*.

10. In section 110(1), in the definition of 44 Child ", for the words 44 Part IQ" there shall be substituted the words "Parts IQ and IV"; and for the definition of 44 Place of safety " there shall be substituted the following definition—

44 4 Place of safety' has the same meaning as in the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 ;"

and after the definition of 44Remand" there shall be inserted the following definition—

44 4 Residential establishment* has the same meaning as in the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968."

National Health Service ( Sco Act 1947 1547 c. 27.

11. —(1) In section 15(1), after paragraph (f) there shall be inserted the following paragraph—

44 (g) the provision of any of the services which a local authority are required to provide under the Social Work (Scotland)

Act 1968;".

(2) In subsection (4), after the words 44 education authorities '* there shall be inserted the words 44 or any of the social work services which local authorities"; and after the words 44 education authority" there shall be inserted the words 44or local authority".

12. In section 27, at the end there shall be added the following subsection—

"(4) On the coming into operation of section 1(4) of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968, a local health authority shall not perform any function under this section which may be performed by a local authority by virtue of that section.".

13. In section 63, after the words 44 foregoing section '* there shall be inserted the words 44 or any local authority within the meaning of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 ".

2 U 2*

1338

Sch. 8 1948 c. 29.

1948 c. 43.

1948 c. S3. 1948 c. 58.

Ch. 49 Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

National Assistance Act 1948

14. In section 32(1). at the end there shall be inserted the words 44, and in this subsection any reference to another local authority includes a reference to a local authority in Scotland

15. After section 41(1), there shall be inserted the following subsection—

" (1A) The foregoing subsection shall, in relation to Scotland, have effect as if for the words from 44 to whom section " to the end of the subsection there were substituted the words 44 who are blind, deaf or dumb, and other persons who are substantially and permanently handicapped by illness, injury or such other disabilities as may be prescribed by the Minister.

16. In section 65, at the end, there shall be added the following paragraph—

"(/) any reference however expressed to accommodation provided under Part III thereof shall be construed as a reference to accommodation provided under Part IV of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 ".

Children Act 1948

17. —(1) In section 1(4), after the words "Secretary of State*4, there shall be inserted the words 44 and in this subsection any reference to another local authority includes a reference to a local authority in Scotland ".

(2) In subsection (5), after the words "probation order", there shall be inserted the words "or supervision requirement", and after the words 44 1937 ", there shall be inserted the words " or Part II of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 ".

18. In section 13(1), at the end. there shall be inserted the words 44 and arrangements may be made under this subsection for boarding out a child in Scotland, or for maintaining him in a residential establishment provided, or the provision of which is secured, or which is registered, under Part IV of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968".

19. In section 59(1), after the definition of "relative" there shall be substituted the following definition—

"4supervision requirement* has the same meaning as in the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 *.

Nurseries and Child-Minders Regulation Act 1948

20. In relation to Scotland, any reference to a local health authority wherever occurring, shall be construed as a reference to a local authority within the meaning of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968.

Criminal Justice Act 1948

21. In section 9, at the end there shall be added the following subsection—

"(9) A probation order shall not be made under section 3 of this Act as modified by subsection (1) of this section, or

Social Work ( Scotla Act 1968

Ch. 49

1339

amended under subsection (2) of this section in respect of a person who has not attained the age of sixteen."

Criminal Justice ( Sco Act 1949

22. —(1) In section 2, for subsection (2) there shall be substituted the following subsection—

"(2) A probation order shall be in the form prescribed by Act of Adjournal, and shall name the local authority area in which the offender resides or is to reside and the order shall make provision for the offender to be under the supervision of an officer of the local authority of that area, or, where the offender resides or is to reside in a local authority area in which the court has no jurisdiction, the court shall name the appropriate court (being such a court as could have been named in any amendment of the order in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act) in the area of residence or intended residence and the court last mentioned shall require the local authority for that area to arrange for the offender to be under the supervision of an officer of that authority."

(2) In subsection (4), for the words "the probation officer or officers nominated " there shall be substituted the words " an officer of the local authority ",

(3) In subsection (6), in the proviso, in paragraph (b), for the words from " an approved " where first occurring to " other " there shall be substituted the word "any".

(4) In subsection (8), for the words from "probation officer" to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " officer of the local authority who is to supervise the probationer, to the probationer, and to the person in charge of any institution or place in which the probationer is required to reside under the probation order ",

23. In section 3, in subsections (4) and (6), for the words "the probation officer or officers " there shall be substituted the words " any officer ".

24. In section 5(1), for the words "the probation officer named in the probation order " there shall be substituted the words " the officer supervising the probationer ".

25. For section 8(1) there shall be substituted the following subsection—

" (1) Any court may, on making a probation order under this Part of this Act, if it thinks that such a course is expedient for the purpose of the order, require the offender to give security for his good behaviour.".

26. In section 9(1), for the word "seventeen" there shall be substituted the word "sixteen ".

27. In section 10, for the words " a probation officer " there shall be substituted the words " an officer of a local authority ", for the words " other than a juvenile court " there shall be substituted the

2 U 3*

Sch. 8

1949 c. 94.

1340

Sch. 8

1937 c. 37.

1926 c. 15.

Ch. 49 Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

words "other than a court whose procedure is regulated by rules made under section 52(2) of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937 ", and for the word "seventeen " there shall be substituted the word "sixteen

28. —(1) In section 28(1), for the paragraphs (a) to (c) there shall be substituted the following paragraphs—

" (a)if he is under 16 years of age the court shall commit him

to the local authority in whose area the court is situated, and the authority shall have the duty of placing him in a suitable place of safety chosen by the authority;

(b) if he is a child of over 16 years of age, or a child under 16 years of age but over fourteen years of age who is certified by the court to be unruly or depraved, and the court has been notified by the Secretary of State that a remand centre is available for the reception from that court of persons of his class or description, he shall be committed to a remand centre,".

(2) For subsections (3) and (4), there shall be substituted the following subsections—

"(3) Where any person is committed to a local authority or to a remand centre under any provision of this Act that authority or centre shall be specified in the warrant, and he shall be detained by the authority or in the centre for the period for which he is committed or until he is liberated in due course of law.

(4) Where any person has been committed to a local authority under any provision of this Act, the court by which he was committed, if the person so committed is not less than fourteen years of age and it appears to the court that he is unruly or depraved, may revoke the commitment and commit the said person—

(a) if the court has been notified that a remand centre is available for the reception from that court of persons of his class or description, to a remand centre; and

(b) if the court has not been so notified, to a prison ".

(3) After subsection (4) there shall be inserted the following subsection—

"(5) Where in the case of a person under sixteen years of age who has been committed to prison or to a remand centre under this section, the sheriff is satisfied that his detention in prison or a remand centre is no longer necessary, he may revoke the commitment and commit the person to the local authority in whose area the court is situated, and the authority shall have the duty of placing him in a suitable place of safety."

29. In section 30(1). in the subsection substituted thereby for section 9(4) of the Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act 1926, in paragraph (d) for the words " remand home " and " home " there shall be substituted the words " place of safety ".

Social Work ( Scotla Act 1968

Ch. 49

1341

30. In section 78(1), after the definition of "large burgh and Sch. 8 small burgh ", there shall be added the following definitions—

"1 local authority ’ has the same meaning as in the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968;

‘ place of safety ’ has the same meaning as in the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968; ".

31. —(1) In Schedule 2—

(a) for any reference to a probation officer there shall be

substituted a reference to an officer supervising the probationer;

(b) for any reference to a probation area or a probation committee of a probation area or to the clerk of such a committee, there shall be respectively substituted references to the area of a local authority, a local authority and the director of social work of that area.

(2) In paragraph 2(1), for the words from " and which shall " to the end of the sub-paragraph, there shall be substituted the words " and shall require the local authority for that other area to arrange for the probationer to be under the supervision of an officer of that authority.".

(3) In paragraph (4Xa)» for the words from " the probation officer " to " salaried probation officers " there shall be substituted the words " the local authority named in the order, the local authority ",

Maintenance Orders Act 1950 1950 c. 37.

32. In section 8(1), after the words " the Children Act 1948 "

there shall be inserted the words " or section 81 of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 " *

33. —(1) In section 9, in subsection (1), after paragraph (a) there shall be inserted the following paragraph—

"(<ra) for a contribution order under section 80 of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 (enforcement of duty to make contributions by parents in respect of their children while in the care of a local authority under Part II of that Act or under a supervision requirement);

(2) In subsection (2) after the words " forty-three ", there shall be inserted the words " or the said section 80 ",

34. In section 16(2X6), after sub-paragraph (v) there shall be inserted the following sub-paragraph—

" (vi) a contribution order under section 80 of, or a decree or an order made under section 81 of, the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968; ".

Children and Young Persons Act 1956 1956 c. 24.

35. Any reference to the Children and Young Persons (Scotland)

Act 1937, however expressed, or to any provision of that Act shall 1937 c. 37. be omitted.

2 U 4*

1342

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Sch. 8

1956 c. 60.

1958 c. 5 (7 & 8 Eliz. 2).

1958 c. 40.

Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act 1956

36. —(1) In section 8(1) in paragraph ( ), after the word "authority ", there shall be inserted the words " or to a local authority ".

(2) For paragraph (c), there shall be substituted the following paragraph—

" (c) of any structure belonging to a local authority or voluntary organisation being a local authority or a voluntary organisation within the meaning of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 and supplied in pursuance of arrangements made under the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 for the use of any persons who are blind, deaf and dumb or who suffer from mental disorder of any description and other persons who are substantially and permanently handicapped by illness, injury or congenital deformity or such other disabilities as may be prescribed by the Secretary of State under that Act; ".

Adoption Act 1958

37. In section 4(3), paragraph (b)shall be omitted, and after paragraph (c) there shall be inserted the following paragraph—

" (d) section 17 of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 (which makes corresponding provision for Scotland).".

38. In section 15(4), for the words " (which provides " there shall be substituted the following words " or section 16 of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 (which sections provide ".

39. In section 36(2Xfl), for the words "or section ninety" to " 1937 " there shall be substituted the words " or section 78 of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 ".

40. In section 43(3), after the word "1948 " there shall be inserted the words " or, as the case may be, section 15 of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 ", and for the words " that section " there shall be substituted the words " the said section 1 or, as the case may be, the said section 15 ".

41. In section 57, in the definition of "place of safety ", at the end there shall be inserted the following words "and in Scotland has the same meaning as in the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968; ".

Matrimonial Proceedings (Children) Act 1958

42. In section 10, for subsection (4) there shall be substituted the following subsection—

" (4) On the making of an order under this section committing the care of a child to a local authority. Part II of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 (which relates to the treatment of children in care of local authorities) shall, subject to the provisions of this section, apply as if the child had been received by the local authority into their care under section 15 of that Act, so however that—

(a) the exercise by the local authority of their powers under or by virtue of sections 5, 20 to 22, 59 and 60 of that

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1343

Act shall be subject to any directions given by the court; and

(b) section 23 of that Act (which relates to arrangements for the emigration of a child under the care of a local authority) shall not apply.".

43.—(1) In section 11(1), for the words "for the purpose" to " section " there shall be inserted the words not being an officer of the local authority for the purpose, appoint an appropriate local authority ", and at the end of the subsection there shall be inserted the following subsection—

" (1A) In this section " local authority " has the same meaning as in the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968.".

(2) In subsection (5), for the words " designated officer " there shall be substituted the words " local authority or other person appointed

Children Act 1958

44. —(1) In section 2(3X6), for the words from "Part VI" to " 1937 " there shall be substituted the words " in any residential establishment within the meaning of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 ".

(2) In subsection (4), after the words " probation order ", there shall be inserted the words " or supervision requirement ".

45. —(1) In section 6(6), after the words " 1937 " there shall be inserted the words " or a supervision requirement has been made under the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 "; and after the words "an order", second occurring, there shall be inserted the words " or a requirement ".

(2) In paragraph (d), after the words " 1948 " there shall be inserted the words " or under section 16 *>f the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968; ".

(3) In paragraph (e), after the words M local health authority " there shall be inserted the words " or in Scotland a local authority ".

46. In section 7(4), after the words "section 1 of the Children Act 1948 " there shall be inserted the words " or, as the case may be. Part H of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 ".

47. —(1) In section 17, in the definition of "place of safety ", after the word "child " there shall be inserted the words " and, in Scotland, has the same meaning as in the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968,".

(2) After the definition of "relative" there shall be inserted the following definitions—

"*residential establishment* has the same meaning as in the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968;

* supervision requirement* has the same meaning as in the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968; ".

Sch. 8

1958 c. 65.

1344

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Sch. 8 1959 c. 72.

1960 c. 61.

1962 c. 47.

1948 c. 43.

Mental Health Act 1959

48. In section 10(lXa)» after head (iii) there shall be inserted the following head—

"or

(iv) section 17 of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 (which makes corresponding provision for Scotland)

49. In section 50. after paragraph (c). there shall be inserted the following paragraph—

"or

(d) section 17 of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 (which makes corresponding provision for Scotland) ", and after the word "three " there shall be inserted the words " or subsection (2) of the said section 17

Mental Health (Scotland) Act 1960

50. Subject to any specific amendment any reference to a local health authority, wherever occurring except in relation to section 7(1), shall be construed as a reference to a "local authority" within the meaning of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968.

51. —(1) In section 7(1), after the words * shall include ", there shall be inserted the words " the ascertainment of mental deficiency in any person not of school age within the meaning of the Education (Scotland) Act 1962.

(1A) In relation to the aforesaid persons the purpose for which arrangements are authorised or required to be made by a local authority under the said section 27(1) as read with section 1(4) of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 shall include the following, that is to say—"; and paragraph (e) shall be omitted ".

(2) In subsection (2) for " (1) " where secondly occurring there shall be substituted the word "(1 A) ".

52. In section 10(1) in paragraph (a) after head (iii) there shall be inserted the following head—

"or

(iv) section 17 of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968; ".

53. In section 30(2), for the words " to the local health authority " there shall be substituted the words " in the case of a guardianship application, to the medical officer of the local authority ".

54. In section 46, for paragraph (c), there shall be substituted the following paragraphs—

" (c) section 17 of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 (which relates to children in respect of whom parental rights have been assumed under section 16 of that Act); and

(d) section 3 of the Children Act 1948 (which makes correspond* ing provisions in England and Wales)", and after the words " by virtue of " there shall be inserted the words " subsection (2) of the said section 17 or ".

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1345

55. In section 57(3X6), after the word "child ", there shall be Sea. 8 inserted the words " under sixteen years of age

56. In section 59(1) for the word "home " there shall be substituted the words "residential establishment", and for the words "under Part II of the Children Act 1948 " there shall be substituted the words " under Part IV of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 ".

57. In section 66(7), for paragraph (a) there shall be substituted the following paragraph—

44 (a)to a person detained in pursuance of any sentence or order for detention made by a court in criminal proceedings (other than an order under section 63 of this Act, or under subsection (3) of section 3 of the Criminal Appeal (Scotland) 1926 c. 15. Act 1926, or under any enactment to which section 64 of this Act applies); ".

58. In section 72(1),—

for the definition of M guardian " there shall be substituted the following definition—

"44 guardian " in relation to a child has the same mean-as in the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 ";

in the definition of * place of safety " for the words " and in relation to a child " to the end there shall be substituted the words—

44 and in relation to a child means a place of safety within the meaning of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968".

after the definition of 44 place of safety " there shall be added the following definition—

44 44 residential establishment " has the same meaning as in the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 ".

59. In section 111, after the definition of 44hospital order" there shall be inserted the following definition—

44 44 local authority" has the same meaning as in the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Health Visiting and Social Work (Training) Act 1962 1962 c. 33.

60. In section 3(5), after 44 1948 ", insert 44 or under any re-enactment of any of the provisions of the said Parts of the said Acts of 1947 and 1948 contained in Part II of the Social Work (Scotland)

Act 1968.".

Education (Scotland) Act 1962 1962 c. 47.

61. In section 36(3), for the words from 44if satisfied" to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words 44 refer die child to the reporter of the appropriate local authority."

62. —(1) In section 44(1), for the words from ‘‘that the child be brought " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words 44 that the case be referred to the reporter of the appropriate

1346

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Sch. 8

1963 c. 37.

1963 c. 39.

local authority and if so referred, shall certify the said failure as a ground established for the purposes of Part 111 of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968.".

(2) In subsection (2), for the words from "direct" to "juvenile court " there shall be substituted the words " make a direction

63. In section 65(1). (3). (4) and (5). for the words " the local health authority" wherever occurring there shall be substituted the words " the local authority ".

64. In section 66(1). for the words "the local health authority" there shall be substituted the words " the local authority ".

65. In section 85(5Xc), from the beginning to " 1937 " there shall be substituted the words "the persons responsible for the manage* ment of an establishment or residential establishment within the meaning of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 and the certificated teachers employed therein in the provision of primary, secondary or further education ".

66. In section 141(2). after- paragraph (c). there shall be added the following paragraph—

"(d) any child subject to a supervision requirement requiring him to reside in a residential establishment where education is provided ".

67. In section 145. there shall be inserted the following definitions—

(a) after definition (41) there shall be inserted—

"(41 A) "residential establishment" has the same meaning as in the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968; "

(b) in definition (42). for the words from " not include " to the end of the definition there shall be substituted the words " an establishment or residential establishment within the meaning of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 ".

(c) after definition (46) there shall be inserted—

"(46A) "supervision requirement" has the same meaning as in the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968; "

Children and Young Persons Act 1963

68. In section 55. the words from "section 88(5)" to "Scottish Act " shall be omitted and after " 1948 " there shall be inserted the words " or section 23 of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 ".

69. —(1) In section 57(2), any reference to a juvenile court shall, in relation to Scotland, be construed as a reference to the sheriff sitting summarily in respect of an offence by a child.

(2) In section 57(3), in paragraph (a), for the words from "a juvenile court", second occurring, to "that Act" there shall be substituted the words " a sheriff court where that court is sitting in any summary proceedings in respect of an offence by a child."

Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1963

70. In section 1(4), for the word "seventeen " there shall be substituted the word "sixteen ".

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1347

71. In section 7(1), for the word "fourteen " there shall be sub- Sch. 8 stituted the word "sixteen ",

72. In section 29, for the words " approved school " there shall be substituted the words " detained in any place under an order made

by virtue of section 57 or 58A of the Children and Young Persons 1937 c. 37. (Scotland) Act 1937 ".

Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Scotland) Act 1965 1965 c. 49

73. —(1) In section 15, in subsections (1) and (3), for the words "children’s officer" there shall be substituted the words "director of social work

(2) In subsection (4). for the words " Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937 " there shall be substituted the words " Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Family Allowances Act 1965 1965 c 53

74. —(1) In section 11(1), in paragraph after the word "authorised", there shall be inserted the words "or, as the case may be, his or her residence in a residential establishment is required ", after paragraph (aXii) there shall be inserted the following head—

(iii) by a supervision requirement made under section 44 of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968",

and after the words " the school ", there shall be inserted the words "or, as the case may be, the residential establishment", and in paragraph (6), for the words " the said Act of 1937 " there shall be substituted the words "the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937 " and after paragraph (b) there shall be inserted the following paragraph—

"(66) during which the child is liable to undergo residential training under committal by virtue of section 58A of the said Act of 1937 and is not released under that section; ",

and after paragraph (c) there shall be added the following paragraph—

" (cc) during which the child is accommodated by virtue of rules made by the Secretary of State under section 45 of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 "

(2) In subsection (3), after the words " 1948 " there shall be inserted the words "or, under section 16(1) of the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 ", and in the proviso thereto, after the words " 1948 " there shall be inserted the words "or of sections 17 or 18 of the said Act of 1968 ".

(3) After subsection (6) there shall be added the following subsection—

"(7) In subsection (1) of this section as amended by the Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968 the expressions ‘residential establishment ’ and ‘ supervision requirement ’ have the meanings assigned to them by section 94 of that Act.".

1348

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Section 95(2).

SCHEDULE 9 Enactments Repealed

Part I

Repeals Extending to Scotland Only

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 37.

The Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937.

In section 21(2), the words from " may take * to the end of the subsection.

In section 42(1), the words * or is for any other reason brought before a court " and in subsection (2), the words "or taken to a place of safety* and the words " or the person by whom he is taken to the place of safety, as the case may be *.

In section 47(1) the words " until he can be brought before a juvenile court*, wherever occurring.

In section 49(1), the words "either as being in need of care or protection or*, the words "or otherwise*, and the words " and for securing that proper provision is made for his education and

training*. Section 49(2).

Section 31.

Section 53(2) and (3).

Section 59(1) and in subsection (4), the words "under this section, or *.

Sections 60 and 61.

In section 63(3) the words " under the Probation of Offenders Act 1907*.

Sections 65 and 66.

Sections 68 to 86.

Sections 88 to 98.

Section 101(5) and (6). Section 106.

Section 107(l)(a), and (2). Section 109.

In section 110(1)— the following definitions— " Approved school *, " Approved school order ’*; " Headmaster’*;

"In need of care or protection *;

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1349

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1 Edw. 8 & The Children and Young in the definition of44 Justice "

1 Geo. 6. Persons (Scotland) Act the words 44 (except in

c. 37.— mi—cont. section 51 of this Act)*; and the definition of44 Managers *. In section 110, in subsection (3Xo)(ii) the words 44 and the juvenile court for any area * and subsection (3)(aXiv). Section 111. Section 112. Schedule 2. Schedule 3.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The National Assistance Section 21.

c. 29. Act 1948. Section 22(1). Sections 23 and 24. Section 26(1) and (5). Section 27.

Sections 29 and 30. Section 32.

Sections 34 to 40, Section 50(3).

Section 58(1) and (4).

The whole Act

Section 2(3) and (9).

Section 4(2) and (3).

Section 5(3).

In section 7, in subsection (2), the words from44 to omit * to " and ", and in subsection

(4), the words 44 to (3) ".

Sections 11 to 13.

In section 28, subsection (2), and in subsection (3), the words 44 a remand home or * and the words "home or".

Sections 50 and 51.

Sections 69 to 73.

In section 75f subsections (l)(a), (3Xfl) to (d) and (4) to (6).

In section 78, in subsection 0)-

in the definition of44 appropriate court " the words 44 or supervision and the words "or person under supervision and the following definitions— "Approved probation hostel " and 44 Approved probation home *;

44 Approved school*;

44 Remand home *;

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 43.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 94.

The Children Act 1948.

The Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1949.

1350

CH. 49

Social Work ( Scotla Act 1968

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 94 —cont. The Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1949-con/. M Salaried probation officer*; in the definition of "sentence *, the words from "an order for custody*' to the end of the definition; the following definitions— * Supervision order *; "Voluntary probation officer*; " Whole-time probation officer*; and " Young person *. Schedule 1. In Schedule 2, in paragraph 2, in sub-paragraph (3), the words " appointed by the appropriate court,*, in sub-paragraph (4X6), the words "named therein*, in paragraph 3(b) the words "an approved probation hostel or home or in* and the word "other * and paragraph 7. Schedule 3.

14 Geo. 6.C.37. The Maintenance Orders Act 1950. Schedule 1, so far as relating to to the modification of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937.

IS & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 61. The Prisons (Scotland) Act 1952. Section 18(1) to (3A). In section 32, in subsection (3), the words "who is not less than seventeen years of age *, and subsection (4).

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 24. The Children and Young Persons Act 1956. The whole Act.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 50. The Family Allowances and National Insurance Act 1956. The whole Act.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 1. The Police, Fire and Probation Officers Remuneration Act 1956. In section 1(1X<0, the words from " or * to " 1949*.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 40. The Matrimonial Proceedings (Children) Act 1958. ~ Section 11(2) and (3). In section 12(1), the words " of a probation officer or ", and section 12(3).

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 65. The Children Act 1958. Section 1. Section 2(6) and (7).

Social Work ( Scotla) Act 1968

Ch. 49

1351

Session and Chapter

Short Title

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 5.

The Adoption Act 1958.

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 61.

The Mental Health (Scotland) Act 1960.

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c. 47.

1963 c. 37. 1963 c. 39.

The Education (Scotland) Act 1962.

The Children and Young Persons Act 1963.

The Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1963.

1968 c. 46.

The Health Services and Public Health Act 1968.

Sen. 9

Extent of Repeal

Section 4(3X6).

In section 11(1), the words " or juvenile court ".

In section 15(3), the words from * or the Children " to " 1937 ".

In section 37(3), the words " in an approved school or ".

Sections 8 and 9.

In section 10, in subsection (1), in paragraph (a), head (i), and at the end of head (ii) the word "or ".

Section 12(2).

Sections 19 to 21.

Section 4 6(a).

In section 55(10), the words from " including " to the word "school’*.

Section 56.

In section 57, in subsection (3)(6), the words " or young person and subsection (5). Section 69(1X6).

Section 71.

In section 72, the definitions of "approved school" and " remand home " and in the definition of "place of safety " the words " or young person ’* first occurring.

In section 111(1), the definition of "residential home for persons suffering from mental disorder;".

Section 36(4) and (5).

Section 44(3) and (4).

Section 80(1 Xe).

In section 104 the words " (including an approved school)".

Section 1.

Sections 45 to 52.

Section 58.

In section 11, in subsection (2), the words from " if the offender " to the words 44 detention centre ", and subsections (3) and (5).

Section 15.

Part II.

Schedule 2,

Section 13.

Section 44.

Section 45.

1352

Ch. 49

Social Work (Scotland) Act 1968

Sch. 9

Part II

Repeals Extending to England and Wales

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 12.

The Children and Young Persons Act 1933.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 65.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 72.

1963 c. 37.

The Children^Act 1958.

The Mental Health Act 1959.

The Children and Young Persons Act 1963.

1965 c. 53.

The Family Allowances Act 1965.

In section 78(2) and (4), the words from 44 (including " to 44 1937)".

In section 82(1), the words from 44 or " to 44 1937 ", and in the proviso, the words from 44 or where" to44 Wales".

In section 83(1), (2) and (4), the words 44 Scotland or '* wherever occurring, and in subsection (5) the words from 44 in relation to Scotland * to 44 Department, and ".

In section 85(1) and (2), the words44 or under the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937 ".

In Schedule 4, in paragraph 9, in sub-paragraph (1), the words from 44 or with the consent " to 44 to that Act ", paragraph 9(3), and in paragraph 13, the words 44 or of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937 " in both places where they occur.

In section 2(4), the words from 44 or of" to 44 1937".

In section 17, in the definition of "fit person order", the words44or" to 44 1937 "

In section 10(1), in sub-para-graph (a), head (ii).

In section 50, sub-paragraph

(6).

In section 12, the words 44 Scotland or".

In section 45(1), the words 44 the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Acts 1937 and 1956".

Sections 51 and 52.

Section 53(1X6).

In section 11, subsection (lXa) (ii), in subsection (lXc), the words 44 or an order under section 73(2) of the said Act of 1937 ", and in subsection (2), the words 44 or the said Act of 1937 ".

Ch. 50

1353

Hearing Aid Council Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 50

An Act to provide for the establishment of a Hearing Aid Council, to register persons engaged in the supply of hearing aids, to advise on the training of persons engaged in such business, and to regulate trade practices; and for purposes connected therewith.

[26th July 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For the purposes of this Act there shall be established Hearing Aid a body called the Hearing Aid Council (hereinafter referred to Council, as " the Council ") which shall be a body corporate with perpetual succession and a common seal, and shall have the general function of securing adequate standards of competence and conduct among persons engaged in dispensing hearing aids, together with the specific functions assigned to it by or under the following provisions of this Act.

(2) In furtherance of its general function the Council shall study the facilities available for training persons to act as dispensers of hearing aids, and shall keep these facilities under review, and shall advise on methods for improving these facilities and shall publicise details of training and courses available.

(3) The Council shall draw up standards of competence for dispensers of hearing aids and codes of trade practice for adoption by such dispensers and by persons employing such dispensers and shall from time to time review those standards and codes and may vary them as it considers appropriate.

1354

Ch. 50

Hearing Aid Council Act 1968

(4) The Council shall submit to the Board of Trade, for their written approval, any standard or code drawn up under this section or any variation of any such standard or code which the Board may have previously approved; and the Board in approving any standard or code may make their approval conditional upon its being modified in such manner as they may require and in approving any variation may make their approval conditional upon the modifying of that variation or the further varying of the relevant standard or code in such manner as they may require:

Provided that the Board shall notify the Council of any modification or further variation which they propose to require as a condition of their approval and consider the observations of the Council thereon.

(5) The Council shall publish in such a manner as it considers appropriate but with such modifications or further variations, if any, as the Board of Trade may have required as a condition of their approval, any code or standard drawn up under this section and approved by the Board of Trade and any variation of any such standard or code which has been so approved.

(6) The Council may receive complaints from members of the public and may investigate such complaints.

(7) The provisions of the Schedule to this Act shall have effect for determining the constitution and powers of the Council and for regulating its proceedings.

Registers of 2.—(1) The registrar appointed by the Council in accordance

aMs118 provisions of the Schedule to this Act shall establish

0118 ’ and maintain—

(a) a register of dispensers of hearing aids, and

(b) a register of persons employing such dispensers.

(2) The registrar shall cause to be entered in the appropriate register the name and prescribed particulars of every person who, being qualified for registration, has applied in the prescribed manner for registration and paid the appropriate fee.

(3) The register shall be kept at the offices of the Council and shall be made available for public inspection at all reasonable times without charge.

(4) Any individual other than a disqualified person shall be qualified to be registered under this section as a dispenser of hearing aids if—

(a) during the period of two years immediately preceding the commencement of this Act he has acted as a dispenser of such aids for a period of, or periods totalling, at least six months; or

Hearing Aid Council Act 1968

Ch. 50

1355

(i b) he satisfies the standards of competence for the time being published by the Council pursuant to section 1 of this Act.

(5) Subject to subsection (6) of this section, any person other than—

(a) a disqualified person or a person carrying on business in partnership with a disqualified person; or (b)a body corporate which has among its directors one or more disqualified persons or in which a disqualified person has a controlling interest or in the management of which a disqualified person participates, shall be qualified to be registered under this section as an employer of dispensers of hearing aids if he employs or proposes to employ any person to dispense such aids.

(6) Where an application for registration under this section is refused or the registrar fails to enter the name of the applicant on the appropriate register, the applicant may appeal to the Disciplinary Committee established under section 6 of this Act and the Committee shall have power to direct that the applicant be registered and may, in the case of an application by a body corporate for registration pursuant to subsection (1 of this section, direct that subsection (5)(6) of this section, shall not apply.

(7) In this section " appropriate fee " means in the case of an application for registration as a dispenser a fee of £10 or such other amount as may be prescribed and in the case of an application for registration as an employer of such dispensers a fee of £1 or such other amount as may be prescribed; and " disqualified person " means a person whose name has been directed under section 7 of this Act to be removed from either of the registers maintained under this section and in respect of which no directions for restoration have been given under section 8.

3.—(1) It shall be unlawful at any time more than six months Offences by after the commencement of this Act for— unregistered

(o) any person other than— persons.

(i) a person registered under this Act as a dispenser of hearing aids; or

(ii) a person whose name has been notified to the registrar of the Council and who is undergoing fulltime training with a view to being registered as a dispenser of hearing aids and acting under the supervision of a registered dispenser,

to act as a dispenser of hearing aids;

(b) any person whose name is not for the time being entered in the register maintained pursuant to section 2(1 )(6) of this Act to employ any person to act as a dispenser of hearing aids; or

1356

Ch. 50

Hearing Aid Council Act 1968

Form and keeping of registers required by s.2.

(c) any person whose name is entered in the register which is so maintained to employ a person other than—

(i) a person registered under this Act as a dispenser of hearing aids; or

(ii) a person whose name has been notified to the registrar of the Council and who is undergoing full-time training with a view to being registered as a dispenser of hearing aids and acting under the supervision of a registered dispenser,

to act as a dispenser of such aids.

(2) A person who contravenes subsection (1) of this section shall be guilty of an offence and shall be punishable upon summary conviction by a fine not exceeding £100.

4. The Council may make rules with respect to the form and keeping of the registers to be maintained in accordance with section 2 of this Act and with respect to the making of entries, alterations and corrections therein and with respect to the issue by the registrar of certificates of registration and such rules may in particular—

(a) regulate the making of applications for registration and provide for the evidence, if any, to be produced in support of such application;

(b) provide for the notification to the Council of any change in the particulars of any person registered;

(c) require persons whose names are for the time being entered in the said registers to pay in respect of the retention of their names in the relevant register an annual fee of £10 in the case of persons registered as dispensers and £1 in the case of persons registered as employers of such persons;

(d) vary the amount of either of the fees payable under section 2 of this Act upon first registration or the amount of either of the fees referred to in paragraph (c) of this section;

(e) provide for the removal from the register of the name of

a person who, after the prescribed notices and warnings, fails—

(i) to supply information required by the registrar with a view to ensuring that the particulars entered against his name are correct, or

(ii) to supply information required to show that he is not in any contravention of any provision of this Act, or

(iii) to pay the annual fee in respect of the retention of his name on the register;

Hearing Aid Council Act 1968

Ch, 50

1357

(/) provide for the restoration to the register of the name of a person which has been erased or removed under the provisions of this Act and which the Disciplinary Committee has directed to be restored:

Provided that the Council shall not—

(i) make any rule under this section unless the terms of that

rule have been approved in writing by the Board of Trade; or

(ii) make any rule pursuant to paragraph (d) of this section

without first consulting any organisations which appear to the Council to be representative of the interests of dispensers of hearing aids or of persons employing such dispensers.

5. —(1) The Council shall set up a committee from among its Preliminary members to be known as the Investigating Committee, for the preliminary investigation of cases (hereinafter referred to as

" disciplinary cases ") in which it is alleged that a person is liable to have his name erased from the register or list on any grounds specified in section 7 of this Act.

(2) It shall be the function of the Investigating Committee to decide whether a disciplinary case ought to be referred to the Disciplinary Committee, set up under the next following section, to be dealt with by them in accordance with the following provisions of this Act.

(3) The Council shall make rules as to the constitution of the Investigating Committee, which shall not come into force until approved by the Lord Chancellor.

6. —(1) The Council shall set up a committee from among its The members to be known as the Disciplinary Committee, for the Disciplinary consideration and determination of disciplinary cases referred to Committee* them under the last foregoing section and of any other cases of

which they have cognizance under section 2(6) or any of the following provisions of this Act.

(2) The Council shall make rules as to the constitution of the Disciplinary Committee, the times and places of the meetings of the Committee, the quorum and the mode of summoning the members thereof.

(3) Rules under this section shall secure that a person, other than the Chairman of the Council, who has acted iA relation to any disciplinary case as a member of the Investigating Committee does not act in relation to that case as a member of the Disciplinary Committee.

(4) Rules under this section shall not come into force until approved by the Lord Chancellor.

1358

Ch. 50

Hearing Aid Council Act 1968

Erasure from the registers for crime, misconduct, etc.

Restoration to the registers.

7. —(1) If any person registered in accordance with the provisions of this Act—

(a) is convicted by any court in the United Kingdom of any criminal offence, not being an offence which, owing to its trivial nature or the circumstances under which it was committed, does not render him unfit to have his name on the register, or

(b) is judged by the Disciplinary Committee to have been guilty of serious misconduct in connection with the dispensing of hearing aids,

the Disciplinary Committee may, if they think fit, direct that his name shall be erased from the register.

(2) If it appears to the Disciplinary Committee that the arrangements made by any person registered in accordance with the provisions of section 2(1X6) of this Act for carrying on of business under this Act are not such as to secure that the dispensing of hearing aids is carried out by or under the supervision of a person registered in accordance with the provisions of section 2(1 Xa) of this Act the Disciplinary Committee may, if they think fit, direct that the name of the person shall be erased from the register.

(3) Where—

(a) a director of any body corporate registered under section

2(1X6) of this Act is convicted of an offence under this Act, or

(b) the Disciplinary Committee are satisfied that a person

whose name has been erased from one or both of the registers maintained under section 2 of this Act (and has not yet been restored) is a director of or taking part in the management of or has a controlling interest in such a body corporate, the Disciplinary Committee may, if they think fit, direct that the name of the body corporate be erased from the register.

(4) The Disciplinary Committee may if they think fit direct that the name of any person entered in either of the registers maintained under section 2(1) of this Act be erased from that register if they are satisfied that he is carrying on business as a dispenser of hearing aids or employing such a dispenser in partnership with a person whose name has been erased from one of those registers (and has not yet been restored).

8. —(1) Where the name of a person has been erased from one of the registers in pursuance of a direction under section 7 of this Act or removed from one of those registers pursuant to rules made under section 4(e) of this Act, die name of that person shall not again be entered in either of the registers unless the Disciplinary Committee on application made to them in that behalf so direct.

Hearing Aid Council Act 1968

Ch. 50

1359

(2) An application under the foregoing subsection for the restoration of a name to the register from which it has been erased shall not be made to, nor considered by, the Committee—

(a) within ten months of the date of erasure, or

(b) within ten months of a previous application thereunder.

9. —(1) At any time within twenty-eight days from the service Appeals, of a notification that the Disciplinary Committee have under section 7 of this Act directed that the name of a person shall be erased from the register that person may appeal to the High Court, or, in Scotland, to the Court of Session.

(2) The Council may appear as respondent on any such appeal, and for the purpose of enabling directions to be given as to the costs or expenses of any such appeal, the Council shall be deemed to be a party thereto, whether it appears on the hearing of the appeal or not.

(3) Where no appeal is brought against a direction under this Act, or where such an appeal is brought but withdrawn or struck out for want of prosecution, the direction shall take effect on the expiration of the time for appealing or, as the case may be, on the withdrawal or striking out of the appeal.

(4) Subject as aforesaid, where an appeal is brought against a direction under this Act, the direction shall take effect if and when the appeal is dismissed and not otherwise.

10. —(1) For the purpose of any proceedings under this Act Procedure of before the Disciplinary Committee in England and Wales (whether Disciplinary relating to disciplinary cases or otherwise) the Disciplinary Com-Committee* mittee may administer oaths, and any party to the proceedings

may sue out writs of subpoena ad testificandum and duces tecum, but no person shall be compelled under any such writ to produce any document which he could not be compelled to produce on the trial of an action.

(2) Section 49 of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consoli-1925 c. 49. dation) Act 1925 (which provides a special procedure for the

issue of such writs so as to be in force throughout the United Kingdom) shall apply in relation to any such proceedings as aforesaid as it applies in relation to causes or matters in the High Court.

(3) For the purpose of any proceedings under this Act before the Disciplinary Committee in Scotland (whether relating to disciplinary cases or otherwise) the Disciplinary Committee may administer oaths and the Court of Session shall on the application of any party to the proceedings have the like power as in any action in that court to grant warrant for the citation of witnesses and havers to give evidence or to produce documents before the

2 X

1360

Ch. 50

Hearing Aid Council Act 1968

Disciplinary Committee, and for the issue of letters of second diligence against any witness or haver failing to appear after due citation, to grant warrant for the recovery of documents, and to grant commissions to persons to take the evidence of witnesses or to examine havers and receive their exhibits and productions.

(4) The Council shall make rules as to the procedure to be followed and the rules of evidence to be observed in proceedings before the Disciplinary Committee, and in particular—

(a) for securing that notice that the proceedings are to be brought shall be given, at such time and in such manner as may be specified in the rules, to the person alleged to be liable to have his name erased from the registers;

(b) for securing that any party to the proceedings shall, if he so requires, be entitled to be heard by the Disciplinary Committee;

(c) for enabling any party to the proceedings to be represented

by counsel or solicitor or (if the rules so provide and the party so elects) by a person of such other description as may be specified in the rules;

(d) for requiring proceedings before the Disciplinary Committee to be held in public except in so far as may be provided by the rules;

(e) for requiring in any case where it is alleged that a person

registered under this Act has been guilty of serious misconduct in the dispensing of hearing aids and where the Disciplinary Committee judge that the allegation has not been proved, that they shall record a finding that the person is not guilty of such misconduct in respect of the matter to which the allegation relates;

(/) for requiring, in cases where it is alleged that a registered person is liable to have his name erased from the register under subsection (2), (3) or (4) of section 7 of this Act, that, where the Disciplinary Committee judge that the allegation has not been proved, they shall record a finding that the person is not guilty of the matters alleged;

(g) for ensuring that persons likely to be affected by any finding of the Committee are duly notified of that finding:

Provided that as respects proceedings for the restoration of names to the register or appeals against the refusal of an application for registration the Council shall have power to make rules with respect to all or any of the matters aforesaid, but shall not be required to do so, and separate rules under this section may be made as respects such proceedings and as respects such appeals.

Hearing Aid Council Act 1968

Ch. 50

1361

(5) Before making rules under this section the Council shall consult such organisations as appear to the Council to be representative of the interests of dispensers of hearing aids or of persons employing such dispensers.

(6) Rules under this section shall not come into force until approved by the Lord Chancellor, and the Lord Chancellor may approve rules under this section either as submitted to him or subject to such modification as appears to him requisite:

Provided that where the Lord Chancellor proposes to approve any such rules subject to modifications he shall notify to the Council the modifications he proposes to make and shall consider the observations of the Council thereon.

11.—(1) For the purpose of advising the Disciplinary Com- Assessors to mittee on questions of law arising in proceedings before them Disciplinary there shall be in all such proceedings an assessor to the Disciplinary Committee' Committee who shall be a barrister, advocate or solicitor of not less than ten years* standing.

(2) The power of appointing assessors under this section shall be exercisable by the Council, but if no assessor appointed by it is available to act at any particular proceedings the Disciplinary Committee may appoint an assessor under this section to act at those proceedings.

(3) The Lord Chancellor may make rules as to the functions of assessors appointed under this section, and in particular, rules under this subsection may contain such provisions for securing—

(a) that where an assessor advises the Disciplinary Committee on any question of law as to evidence, procedure or any other matters specified in the rules, he shall do so in the presence of every party, or person representing a party, to the proceedings who appears thereat or, if the advice is tendered after the Disciplinary Committee have begun to deliberate as to their findings, that every such party or person as aforesaid shall be informed what advice the assessor has tendered;

(b) that every such party or person as aforesaid shall be informed if in any case the Committee do not accept the advice of the assessor on any such question as aforesaid,

and such incidental and supplementary provisions, as appear to the Lord Chancellor expedient.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this section, an assessor under this section may be appointed either generally or for any particular proceedings or class of proceedings, and shall hold and vacate office in accordance with the terms of the instrument under which he is appointed.

2X2

1362

Ch. 50

Hearing Aid Council Act 1968

(5) Any remuneration paid by the Council to persons appointed to act as assessors shall be at such rates as the Lord Chancellor may approve.

Expenses, receipts and accounts of the Council.

1948 c. 38.

12.—(1) The Council may, after paying its expenses, allocate any money received by it, whether by way of fees or otherwise, to purposes connected with education and research or to other purposes applicable to the dispensing of hearing aids, in such manner as it may think fit.

(2) The Council shall keep accounts of all stuns received or paid by it and the accounts for each financial year of the Council shall be audited by auditors to be appointed by it and shall be published as soon as may be after they have been audited.

(3) No person shall be qualified to be appointed auditor under the last foregoing subsection unless he is a member of one or more of the following bodies:—

the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales;

the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland;

the Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants;

the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland;

and any other body of accountants established in the United Kingdom and for the time being recognised by the Board of Trade for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection

(1) of section 161 of the Companies Act 1948;

but a Scottish firm may be so appointed if each of the partners thereof is qualified to be so appointed.

Exercise of 13. The power to make or approve rules conferred on the power to make Lord Chancellor by sections 5, 6, 10 and 11 of this Act shall certaffmles be exercisable by statutory instrument.

Interpretation. 14. In this Act—

"dispenser of hearing aids" means an individual who conducts or seeks to conduct oral negotiations with a view to effecting the supply of a hearing aid, whether by him or another, to or for the use of a person with impaired hearing; and references to the dispensing of hearing aids or to acting as a dispenser of such aids shall be construed accordingly;

" employer of dispensers " includes any person who enters into any arrangement with an individual whereby that individual undertakes for reward or anticipation of reward to act as a dispenser with a view to promoting the supply of hearing aids by that person; and references to the employing of dispensers and their employment shall be construed accordingly;

Hearing Aid Council Act 1968

Ch. 50

1363

" hearing aid " means an instrument intended for use by a person suffering from impaired hearing to assist that person to hear better but does not include any instrument or device designed for use by connecting conductors of electricity to equipment or apparatus provided for the purpose of affording means of telephonic communication;

" prescribed " means prescribed by rules made by the Council pursuant to section 4 of this Act;

" supply " means supply by way of retail sale or by way of hire; but does not include a sale to a person acquiring for the purposes of trade.

15.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Hearing Aid Council Act 1968.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into force on such day as the Board of Trade may by order made by statutory instrument appoint.

2X3

Short title, extent and commencement.

1364

Ch. 5*

Hearing Aid Council Act 1968

Sections 1 and 2. SCHEDULE

Constitution and Powers of the Council

1. —(1) The Council shall consist of a Chairman and eleven other members who shall be appointed by the Board of Trade.

(2) The Board shall not appoint as Chairman a person who is in their opinion capable of representing any of the interests mentioned in sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph.

(3) The Board shall when appointing persons as members of the Council ensure that the members of the Council include—

(a) six persons who are capable of representing the interests of persons registered under section 2 of this Act and who are either so registered themselves or are directors of, or participate in the management of, a body corporate which is so registered; and

(b) five persons who are not eligible for appointment under head (a) of this sub-paragraph and who either have specialised medical knowledge of deafness or audiological technical knowledge or who are capable of representing the interests of persons with impaired hearing:

Provided that in relation to the appointing of persons before the expiry of six months from the commencement of this Act head (a) of this sub-paragraph shall have effect as if references to persons registered under section 2 included references to persons who are, in the opinion of the Board, eligible to be registered under that section.

2. —(1) A member of the Council shall hold office for such period, not exceeding four years, as the Board of Trade may specify at the time of his appointment.

(2) In determining the periods of office of members of the Council the Board of Trade shall seek to secure—

(a) that one third of the members of the Council cease to hold office by the effluxion of time in every year after the year 1970; and

(b) that so far as is consistent with the consideration mentioned in head (a) above, all the members of the Council are appointed to hold office for similar periods.

(3) Nothing in sub-paragraphs (1) or (2) of this paragraph shall preclude—

(a) a member from resigning his office at any time by giving written notice to the registrar of the Council; or

(b) the Board of Trade from appointing any person as a member

of the Council for a second or subsequent term.

3. The quorum at meetings of the Council shall be seven.

4. The procedures of the Council in the discharge of its functions shall be such as the Council may from time to time determine:

Provided that the Chairman shall not have the right to vote at a meeting of the Council except in the event of an equality of votes on any question when the Chairman shall have a single casting vote.

Hearing Aid Council Act 1968

Ch. 50

1365

5. The powers of the Council and any of its committees may be exercised notwithstanding any vacancy, and no proceedings of the Council or of any of its committees shall be invalidated by any defect in the appointment of a member.

6. The Council shall appoint a registrar.

7. The Council shall have power to do anything which in the opinion of the Council is calculated to facilitate the proper discharge of its functions and shall in particular have power—

(a) to appoint in addition to the registrar such other officers and

servants as the Council may determine;

(b) to pay to the members of the Council or its committees such fees for attendance at meetings of the Council or its committees and such travelling and subsistence allowances while attending such meetings or while on any other business of the Council as the Council, with the approval of the Board of Trade, may determine;

(c) to pay to its officers and servants such remuneration as the Council may determine;

(d) as regards any officers or servants in whose case it may determine so to do, to pay to or in respect of them such pensions and gratuities, or provide and maintain for them such superannuation schemes (whether contributory or not) as the Council may determine.

2X4

1366

Ch. 51

Power of Board to form promote and acquire shares in certain companies.

Highlands and Islands Development (Scotland) Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 51

An Act to enable the Highlands and Islands Development Board to form and promote, and to acquire shareholdings in companies carrying on or proposing to carry on business or other activities contributing to the economic or social development of the Highlands and Islands; and for matters connected therewith.

• [26th July 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The powers of the Board under section 6 of the • principal Act (carrying on of business) shall include power—

(a) to form or promote, or join with any other person in forming or promoting a company;

(b) to subscribe for or (with the consent of the company concerned) otherwise to acquire by agreement the shares or stock or any part of the shares or stock of a company;

(c) to hold any shares or stock so acquired;

(d) to dispose of the whole or any part of any holding of shares or stock so acquired.

(2) The powers specified in the foregoing subsection shall be exercised only with the approval of the Secretary of State and

Adoption Act 1968

Ch. 53

1383

makes a determination in the exercise of that power, then, subject to section 6 of this Act and any subsequent determination having effect under this subsection, the determination shall have effect in Great Britain for the purpose of effecting, confirming or terminating the adoption in question or confirming its termination, as the case may be.

(2) In this Act "convention adoption" means an overseas adoption of a description designated by an order under section 4(3) of this Act as that of an adoption regulated by the Convention.

6.—(1) The court may, upon an application under this sub- Annulment

section, by order annul a convention adoption— etc.

of certain

(a) on the ground that at the relevant time the adoption adoptions and

was prohibited by a notified provision, if under the determinations internal law then in force in the country of winch the madc ovcrseas-adopter was then a national or the adopters were then nationals die adoption could have been impugned on that ground;

(b) on die ground that at the relevant time the adoption

contravened provisions relating to consents of the internal law relating to adoption of the country of which the adopted person was then a national, if under that law the adoption could then have been impugned on that ground;

(c) on any other ground on which the adoption can be

impugned under the law for the time being in force in the country in which the adoption was effected.

(2) Where a person adopted by his father or mother alone by virtue of a convention adoption has subsequently become a legitimated person on the marriage of his father and mother, the court may, upon an application under this subsection by the parties concerned, by order revoke the adoption.

(3) The court may, upon an application under this subsection—

(a) order that an overseas adoption or a determination shall

cease to be valid in Great Britain on the ground that the adoption or determination is contrary to public policy or that the authority which purported to authorise the adoption or make the determination was not competent to entertain the case;

(b) decide the extent, if any, to which a determination has

been affected by a subsequent determination.

1384 Ch. S3 Adoption Act 1968

(4) Any court in Great Britain may, in any proceedings in that court, decide that an overseas adoption or a determination shall, for the purposes of those proceedings, be treated as invalid in Great Britain on either of the grounds mentioned in subsection (3) of this section.

(5) Except as provided by this section, the validity of an overseas adoption or a determination shall not be impugned in proceedings in any court in Great Britain.

Provisions 7.—(1) Any application for an order under section 6 or a

supplementary decision under section 6(3)(b) of this Act shall be made in the to section 6. prescribed manner and within such period, if any, as may be prescribed.

(2) No application shall be made under subsection (1) or subsection (2) of section 6 of this Act in respect of an adoption unless immediately before the application is made the person adopted or the adopter resides in Great Britain or, as the case may be, both adopters reside there.

(3) In deciding in pursuance of section 6 of this Act whether such an authority as is mentioned in section 5(1) of this Act was competent to entertain a particular case, a court shall be bound by any finding of fact made by the authority and stated by the authority to be so made for the purpose of determining whether the authority was competent to entertain the case.

(4) In section 6 of this Act and this section—

" determination " means such a determination as is mentioned in section 5(1) of this Act;

" notified provision " means a provision specified in an order of the Secretary of State as one in respect of which a notification to or by the Government of the United Kingdom was in force at the relevant time in pursuance of the provisions of the Convention relating to prohibitions contained in the national law of the adopter; and

"relevant time" means the time when the adoption in question purported to take effect under the law of the country in which it purports to have been effected.

Miscellaneous and general

Registration. 8.—(1) The direction contained in an adoption order in

pursuance of section 21 of the Act of 1958 (under which the Registrar General is required to register adoptions in the Adopted Children Register) shall include an instruction that

> J

Adoption Act 1968

Ch. 53

1385

the entry made in that register in consequence of the order shall be marked with the words 44 Convention order *.

(2) If the Registrar General is satisfied that an entry in the Registers of Births relates to a person adopted under an overseas adoption and that he has sufficient particulars relating to that person to enable an entry in the form set out in Schedule 1 to the Act of 1958, as modified by this subsection, to be made in the Adopted Children Register in respect of that person, he shall—

(a) make such an entry in the Adopted Children Register;

and

(b) if there is a previous entry in respect of that person

in that register, mark the entry (or if there is more than one such entry the last of them) with the word 44 Re-adopted " followed by the name in brackets of the country in which the adoption was effected; and

(c) unless the entry in the Registers of Births is already

marked with the word 44 Adopted " (whether or not followed by other words), mark the entry with that word followed by the name in brackets of the country aforesaid;

and for the purposes of this subsection the said Schedule 1 shall have effect as if column 6 were headed 44 Date and place of adoption

(3) If the Registrar General is satisfied—

(a) that an adoption order or an overseas adoption has ceased to have effect, whether on annulment or otherwise; or

(b) that any entry or mark was erroneously made in pursuance of subsection (2) of this section in any register mentioned in that subsection,

he may cause such alterations to be made in any such register as he considers are required in consequence of the cesser or to correct the error; and where an entry in such a register is amended in pursuance of this subsection, any copy or extract of the entry shall be deemed to be accurate if and only if it shows the entry as amended but without indicating that it has been amended.

(4) Without prejudice to subsection (3) of this section, where an entry in the Registers of Births is marked in pursuance of subsection (2) of this section and the birth in question is subsequently re-registered under section 14 of the Births and 1953 c. 20.

1386

Ch. 53

Adoption Act 1968

1953 c. 20. 1965 c. 49.

Nationality.

Deaths Registration Act 1953 (which provides for re-registration of the birth of a legitimated person) the entry made on reregistration shall be marked in the like manner.

(5) In the application of this section to Scotland—

(a) for any reference to the Registrar General or the

Registers of Births there shall be substituted respectively a reference to the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages for Scotland and the register of births;

(b) for the references to section 21 of and Schedule 1 to

the Act of 1958 there shall be substituted respectively references to section 23 of and Schedule 2 to that Act;

(c) in subsection (2), for the words "column 6 were

headed '* there shall be substituted the words " item 6 were entitled "; and

(d) in subsection (4), for the reference to section 14 of the Births and Deaths Registration Act 1953 there shall be substituted a reference to section 20(l)(c) of the Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Scotland) Act 1965.

9.—(1) If the Secretary of State by order declares that a description of persons specified in the order has, in pursuance of the Convention, been notified to the Government of the United Kingdom as the description of persons who are deemed to possess the nationality of a particular convention country, persons of that description shall, subject to the following provisions of this section, be treated for the purposes of this Act as nationals of that country.

(2) Subject to section 7(3) of this Act and subsection (3) of this section, where it appears to the court in any proceedings under this Act, or to any court by which a decision in pursuance of section 6(4) of this Act falls to be given, that a person is or was at a particular time a national of two or more countries, then—

(a) if it appears to the said court that he is or was then a United Kingdom national, he shall be treated for the purposes of those proceedings or that decision as if he were or had then been a United Kingdom national only;

(b) if, in a case not falling within paragraph (a) above, it appears to the said court that one only of those

Adoption Act 1968

Ch. 53

1387

countries is or was then a convention country, he shall be treated for those purposes as if he were or had then been a national of that country only;

(c) if, in a case not falling within paragraph (a) above, it appears to the said court that two or more of those countries are or were then convention countries, he shall be treated for those purposes as if he were or had then been a national of such one only of those convention countries as the said court considers is the country with which he is or was then most closely connected;

(d) in any other case, he shall be treated for those purposes as if he were or had then been a national of such one only of those countries as the said court considers is the country with which he is or was then most closely connected.

(3) A court in which proceedings are brought in pursuance of section 6 of this Act shall be entitled to disregard the provisions of subsection (2) of this section in so far as it appears to that court appropriate to do so for the purposes of those proceedings; but nothing in this subsection shall be construed as prejudicing die provisions of section 7(3) of this Act

(4) Where, after such inquiries as the court in question considers appropriate, it appears to the court in any proceedings under this Act, or to any court by which such a decision as aforesaid falls to be given, that a person has no nationality or no ascertainable nationality, he shall be treated for the purposes of those proceedings or that decision as a national of the country in which he resides or, where that country is one of two or more countries having the same law of nationality, as a national of those countries.

(5) Where an adoption order, a specified order or an overseas adoption ceases to have effect, either on annulment or otherwise, the cesser shall not affect the status as a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies of any person who, by virtue of section 19(1) of the Act of 1958, became such a citizen in consequence of the order or adoption.

10,—(1) In any case where the internal law of a country falls Supplemental, to be ascertained for the purposes of this Act by any court and there are in force in that country two or more systems of internal law, the relevant system shall be ascertained in accordance with any rule in force throughout that country indicating which of the systems is relevant in the case in question or, if there is no such rule, shall be the system appearing to that court to be most closely connected with die case.

1388

Ch. 53

Adoption Act 1968

1965 c. 72. 1965 c. 74.

Interpretation.

1958 c. 5 (7 & 8 Eliz. 2).

(2) Except as otherwise expressly provided by this Act, nothing in this Act shall be construed as depriving an adoption effected outside Great Britain, or a determination made outside Great Britain with respect to such an adoption, of any recognition falling to be accorded to it under the law of England and Wales or Scotland apart from this Act

(3) In section 1(4) of the Act of 1958 (which enables an adoption order to be made under that Act notwithstanding that a previous adoption order under it has been made in respect of the relevant infant) the references to an order previously made and to the previous and last previous order shall be construed as including references to an adoption order under this Act, a specified order and an overseas adoption; and in section 46(2) of the Matrimonial Causes Act 1965 and section 99(2) of the Superannuation Act 1965 (which provide for the interpretation of references to adoption in those Acts) the references to an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland corresponding to the Act of 1958 shall be construed as including references to an enactment of that Parliament corresponding to this Act, and in the said section 99(2) the reference to an adoption order within the meaning of the Act of 1958 shall be construed as including a reference to an adoption order made under any enactment in force in any of the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man and corresponding to section 1 of this Act

11.—(1) In this Act the following expressions have the following meanings unless the context otherwise requires, that is to say—

" the Act of 1958 * means die Adoption Act 1958;

" adoption order *’ has the meaning assigned to it by section 1 of this Act;

" the Convention " means the Convention mentioned in the preamble to this Act;

"convention adoption* has the meaning assigned to it by section 5(2) of this Act;

" convention country * means any country (excluding Great Britain and a specified country) for the time being designated by an order of the Secretary of State as a country in which, in his opinion, the Convention is in force;

" the court * means the High Court or the Court of Session;

" internal law *’, in relation to any country, means the law applicable in a case where no question arises as to the law in force in any other country;

Adoption Act 1968

Ch. 53

1389

"overseas adoption" has the meaning assigned to it by section 4(3) of this Act;

"prescribed" means prescribed by rules or, in Scotland, by act of sederunt;

" qualified infant " means a person who—

(a) is under eighteen years of age on such date as the Secretary of State may by order specify and is not and has not been married; and

(b) is a United Kingdom national or a national of a convention country and resides in Great Britain, a specified country or a convention country;

" qualified person " means a person who either resides in Great Britain and is a United Kingdom national or a national of a convention country or resides in a convention country or a specified country and is a United Kingdom national;

"qualified spouses" means two persons married to each other in a case where—

(4) both reside in Great Britain and each is a United Kingdom national or a national of a convention country; or

(b) both are United Kingdom nationals and each resides in Great Britain, a specified country or a convention country;

"reside" means habitually reside and "resides" shall be construed accordingly;

" rules " means rules made under section 12(1) of this Act;

" specified country " means, for the purposes of any provision of this Act, any of the following countries, that is to say. Northern Ireland, any of the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man and a colony, being a country designated for the purposes of that provision by order of the Secretary of State or, if no country is so designated, any of those countries;

" specified order " means an adoption order made under any enactment in force in a specified country and corresponding to section 1 of this Act; and

"United Kingdom national" means, for the purposes of any provision of this Act, a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies satisfying such conditions, if any, as the Secretary of State may by order specify for the purposes of that provision.

1390

Ch. 53

Adoption Act 1968

Rules and orders etc.

Powers of Parliament of Northern Ireland.

1920 c. 67.

(2) Any reference in this Act to any enactment is a reference to it as amended, and includes a reference to it as applied, by or under any other enactment including this Act

12.—(1) Provision in regard to any matter to be prescribed under this Act, or under Part I of the Act of 1958 in its application to adoption orders and proposed adoption orders, and dealing generally with all matters of procedure and incidental matters arising out of this Act or the said Part I and for carrying this Act or the said Part I into effect shall be made, in England and Wales, by rules made by the Lord Chancellor and, in Scotland, by act of sederunt; and the rules or act of sederunt may include provision—

(a) for applications for adoption orders to be heard and determined otherwise than in open court;

Q>) for excluding or restricting the jurisdiction of any court where an application for an adoption order within the meaning of this Act or the Act of 1958 has been refused by that or any other court.

(2) Any power to make orders or rules under this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any statutory instrument made by virtue of this subsection (except an instrument containing only orders under the provisions of sections 3(1) and 9(1) and the provisions defining " notified provision " in section 7(4) and " convention country " and " specified country " in section 11(1) or under any of those provisions) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(3) An order made under any provision of this Act (except section 14(2)) may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order under that provision.

(4) Any order or rules made under this Act may make different provision for different circumstances and may contain such incidental and transitional provisions as the authority making the order or rules considers expedient

(5) References to an order in subsections (2) to (4) of this section do not include references to an order of a court.

13. Notwithstanding anything in the Government of Ireland Act 1920, the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall have power to make laws for purposes similar to the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this Act other than section 9(5) and the provisions extending section 19(1) of the Act of 1958.

Adoption Act 1968

Ch. 53

1391

14.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Adoption Act 1968. Short tide.

. commence-

(2) This Act shall come into force on such date as the ment and Secretary of State may by order appoint, and different dates extent may be appointed under this subsection for different purposes

of this Act.

(3) This Act. except the provisions extending section 19(1) of the Act of 1958 and except sections 9(5) and 13 and this section, does not extend to Northern Ireland.

2 Y

Ch. 54

1393

Theatres Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 54

An Act to abolish censorship of the theatre and to amend the law in respect of theatres and theatrical performances.

[26th July 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Abolition of censorship of the theatre

1.—(1) The Theatres Act 1843 is hereby repealed; and none Abolition of of the powers which were exercisable thereunder by the Lord censorship of Chamberlain of Her Majesty’s Household shall be exercisable the tilcatre-by or on behalf of Her Majesty by virtue of Her royal 1843 c. 68. prerogative.

(2) In granting, renewing or transferring any licence under this Act for the use of any premises for the public performance of plays or in varying any of the terms, conditions or restrictions on or subject to which any such licence is held, the licensing authority shall not have power to impose any term, condition or restriction as to the nature of the plays which may be performed under the licence or as to the manner of performing plays thereunder:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall prevent a licensing authority from imposing any term, condition or restriction which they consider necessary in the interests of physical safety or health or any condition regulating or prohibiting the giving of an exhibition, demonstration or performance of hypnotism within the meaning of the Hypnotism Act 1952. 1952 c. 46

2 Y 2

1394

Ch. 54

Theatres Act 1968

Prohibition of presentation of obscene performances of plays.

1824 c. 83.

1871 c. 112.

1892 c. 55.

Defence of public good*

Provisions with respect to performances of plays

2. —(1) For the purposes of this section a performance of a play shall be deemed to be obscene if, taken as a whole, its effect was such as to tend to deprave and corrupt persons who were likely, having regard to all relevant circumstances, to attend it.

(2) Subject to sections 3 and 7 of this Act, if an obscene performance of a play is given, whether in public or private, any person who (whether for gain or not) presented or directed that performance shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400

or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years, or both.

(3) A prosecution on indictment for an offence under this section shall not be commenced more than two years after the commission of the offence.

(4) No person shall be proceeded against in respect of a performance of a play or anything said or done in die course of such a performance—

(a) for an offence at common law where it is of the essence of the offence that the performance or, as the case may be, what was said or done was obscene, indecent, offensive, disgusting or injurious to morality; or

(b) for an offence under section 4 of the Vagrancy Act 1824 consisting of wilfully exposing to public view an indecent exhibition, including such an offence under that section as applied to Scotland by section 15 of the Prevention of Crimes Act 1871; or

(c) in Scotland, for an offence under section 380 of the

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892, where it is of the essence of the offence that the performance or, as the case may be, what was said or done was obscene or indecent;

and no person shall be proceeded against for an offence at common law of conspiring to corrupt public morals, or to do any act contrary to public morals or decency, in respect of an agreement to present or give a performance of a play, or to cause anything to be said or done in the course of such a performance.

3. —(1) A person shall not be convicted of an offence under section 2 of this Act if it is proved that the giving of the performance in question was justified as being for the public good on the ground that it was in the interests of drama, opera, ballet or any other art, or of literature or learning.

Theatres Act 1968

Ch. 54

1395

(2) It is hereby declared that the opinion of experts as to the artistic, literary or other merits of a performance of a play may be admitted in any proceedings for an offence under section 2 of this Act either to establish or negative the said ground.

4. —(1) For the purposes of the law of libel and slander Amendment (including the law of criminal libel so far as it relates to the of law of publication of defamatory matter) the publication of words in the defamation, course of a performance of a play shall, subject to section 7 of

this Act, be treated as publication in permanent form.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall apply for the purposes

of section 3 (slander of title, etc.) of the Defamation Act 1952 1952 c. 66. as it applies for the purposes of the law of libel and slander.

(3) In this section " words " includes pictures, visual images, gestures and other methods of signifying meaning.

(4) This section shall not apply to Scotland.

5. —(1) Subject to section 7 of this Act, if there is given Incitement to

a public performance of a play involving the use of threatening, racial hatred abusive or insulting words, any person who (whether for gain of

or not) presented or directed that performance shall be guilty of performance an offence under this section if— of a play.

(a) he did so with intent to stir up hatred against any section of the public in Great Britain distinguished by colour, race or ethnic or national origins; and (b) that performance, taken as a whole, is likely to stir up hatred against that section on grounds of colour, race or ethnic or national origins.

(2) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £200

or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, or both;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding

£1,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or both.

6. —(1) Subject to section 7 of this Act, if there is given a public Provocation of performance of a play involving the use of threatening, abusive breach of

or insulting words or behaviour, any person who (whether for v* byf gain or not) presented or directed that performance shall bejJJ^J?0 guilty of an offence under this section if— performance

(a) he did so with intent to provoke a breach of the peace;of a P,ay-

or

(b) the performance, taken as a whole, was likely to occasion a breach of the peace.

2 Y 3

1396

Ch. 54

Theatres Act 1968

Exceptions for performances given in certain

circumstances.

1949 c. 54.

(2) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £100

or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or both;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine not exceeding

£500 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months, or both.

7.—(1) Nothing in sections 2 to 4 of this Act shall apply in relation to a performance of a play given on a domestic occasion in a private dwelling.

(2) Nothing in sections 2 to 6 of this Act shall apply in relation to a performance of a play given solely or primarily for one or more of the following purposes, that is to say—

(a) rehearsal; or

(b) to enable—

(i) a record or cinematograph film to be made from or by means of the performance; or

(ii) the performance to be broadcast; or

(iii) the performance to be transmitted to subscribers to a diffusion service;

but in any proceedings for an offence under section 2, 5 or 6 of this Act alleged to have been committed in respect of a performance of a play or an offence at common law alleged to have been committed in England and Wales by the publication of defamatory matter in the course of a performance of a play, if it is proved that the performance was attended by persons other than persons directly connected with the giving of the performance or the doing in relation thereto of any of the things mentioned in paragraph (b) above, the performance shall be taken not to have been given solely or primarily for one or more of the said purposes unless the contrary is shown.

(3) In this section—

" broadcast " means broadcast by wireless telegraphy (within the meaning of the Wireless Telegraphy Act 1949), whether by way of sound broadcasting or television;

" cinematograph film " means any print, negative, tape or other article on which a performance of a play or any part of such a performance is recorded for the purposes of visual reproduction;

Theatres Act 1968

Ch. 54

1397

"record" means any record or similar contrivance for reproducing sound, including the sound-track of a cinematograph film;

and section 48(3) of the Copyright Act 1956 (which explains the 1956 c. 74. meaning of references in that Act to the transmission of a work or other subject-matter to subscribers to a diffusion service) shall apply for the purposes of this section as it applies for the purposes of that Act.

8. Proceedings for an offence under section 2, 5 or 6 of this Restriction on Act or an offence at common law committed by the publication ^titution of of defamatory matter in the course of a performance of a play proccedmgs-shall not be instituted in England and Wales except by or with

the consent of the Attorney-General.

9. —(1) Where a performance of a play was based on a script. Script as then, in any proceedings for an offence under section 2, 5 or 6 evidence of of this Act alleged to have been committed in respect of that performance—

(a) an actual script on which that performance was based

shall be admissible as evidence of what was performed and of the manner in which the performance or any part of it was given; and

(b) if such a script is given in evidence on behalf of any party to the proceedings then, except in so far as the contrary is shown, whether by evidence given on behalf of the same or any other party, the performance shall be taken to have been given in accordance with that script.

(2) In this Act "script", in relation to a performance of a play, means the text of the play (whether expressed in words or in musical or other notation) together with any stage or other directions for its performance, whether contained in a single document or not.

10. —(1) If a police officer of or above the rank of superin- power to

tendent has reasonable grounds for suspecting— make copies

(a) that an offence under section 2, 5 or 6 of this Act has of scripts‘ been committed by any person in respect of a performance of a play; or

(b) that a performance of a play is to be given and that an offence under the said section 2, 5, or 6 is likely to be committed by any person in respect of that performance,

he may make an order in writing under this section relating to that person and that performance.

2 Y 4

1398

Delivery of scripts of new plays to British Museum.

Ch. 54 Theatres Act 1968

(2) Every order made under this section shall be signed by the police officer by whom it is made, shall name the person to whom it relates, and shall describe die performance to which it relates in a manner sufficient to enable that performance to be identified.

(3) Where an order under this section has been made, any police officer, on production if so required of the order—

(a) may require the person named in the order to produce,

if such a thing exists, an actual script on which the performance was or, as the case may be, will be based; and

(b) if such a script is produced to him, may require the person so named to afford him an opportunity of causing a copy thereof to be made.

(4) Any person who without reasonable excuse foils to comply with a requirement under subsection (3) above shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

(5) Where, in the case of a performance of a play based on a script, a copy of an actual script on which that performance was based has been made by or on behalf of a police officer by virtue of an order under this section relating to that performance, section 9(1) of this Act shall apply in relation to that copy as it applies in relation to an actual script on which the performance was based.

11.—(1) Where after the coming into force of this section there is given in Great Britain a public performance of a new play, being a performance based on a script, a copy of the actual script on which that performance was based shall be delivered to die Trustees of the British Museum free of charge within the period of one month beginning with the date of the performance; and the Trustees shall give a written receipt for every script delivered to them pursuant to this section.

(2) If the requirements of subsection (1) above are not complied with in the case of any performance to which that subsection applies, any person who presented that performance shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £5.

(3) In this section "public performance of a new play" means a public performance of a play of which no previous public performance has ever been given in Great Britain, but does not include a public performance of a play which—

(a) is based on a script substantially the same as that on which a previous public performance of a play given there was based; or

Theatres Act 1968

Ch. 54

1399

(b) is based substantially on a text of the play which has been published in the United Kingdom.

(4) For the purposes of this section a performance of a play given solely or primarily for one or more of the purposes mentioned in section 7 (2) (a) and (b) of this Act shall be disregarded.

Licensing of premises for public performance of plays

12.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Act, no Licensing premises, whether or not licensed for the sale of intoxicating premises or exciseable liquor, shall be used for the public performance of any play except under and in accordance with the terms of a of plays, licence granted under this Act by the licensing authority.

(2) A licence shall not be required for any premises under any enactment other than this Act by reason only of the public performance at those premises of a play.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2) above any music played at any premises by way of introduction to, in any interval between parts of, or by way of conclusion of a performance of a play or in the interval between two such performances shall be treated as forming part of the performance or performances, as the case may be, if the total time taken by music so played on any day amounts to less than one quarter of the time taken by the performance or performances of the play or plays given at the premises on that day.

(4) Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect with respect to licences under this Act

13.—(1) If a public performance of a play is given at any Enforcement premises in respect of which a licence under this Act is not in of *• 12. force—

(a) any person concerned in the organisation or manage-

ment of that performance; and

(b) any other person who, knowing or having reasonable

cause to suspect that such a performance would be given at those premises without such a licence being in force in respect thereof—

(i) allowed the premises to be used for the giving of that performance; or

(ii) let the premises, or otherwise made the premises available, to any person by whom the premises were used for the giving of that performance,

stott. h* gutty of an offence.

2 Y*

1400

Ch. 54

Theatres Act 1968

(2) If, while a licence under this Act is in force in respect of any premises, any of the terms, conditions or restrictions on or subject to which the licence is held is contravened or not complied with—

(a) the holder of the licence; and

(b) any other person who, knowing or having reasonable

cause to suspect that the premises would be used otherwise than in accordance with those terms, conditions and restrictions—

(i) allowed the premises to be so used; or

(ii) let the premises, or otherwise made the premises available, to any person by whom the premises were so used,

shall be guilty of an offence:

Provided that, where the holder of the licence is charged with an offence under this subsection, it shall be a defence to prove that the contravention took place without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all due diligence to prevent it

(3) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (1) or (2) above shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or both.

(4) A licensing authority in England and Wales may institute proceedings for an offence under subsection (1) or (2) above committed in their area.

(5) If the holder of a licence under this Act is convicted of an offence under subsection (2) above, then, subject to section 14 of this Act, the licensing authority may revoke the licence:

Provided that a licence shall not be revoked under this subsection by virtue of the holder’s conviction as aforesaid unless either—

(a) the time for bringing an appeal against the conviction

has expired without such an appeal having being brought; or

(b) such an appeal has been brought and abandoned or

finally determined otherwise than by the quashing of the conviction.

(6) In relation to Scotland, subsection (5) above shall have effect as if the following were substituted for paragraph (a), that is to say—

" (c) a period of fourteen days from the date of the conviction has expired without an appeal against it having been brought; or " and in paragraph (b), after "abandoned" there were inserted the words " or deemed to be abandoned ".

Theatres Act 1968

Ch. 54

1401

14.—(1) Any of the following persons, that is to say— Appeals in

(a) an applicant for the grant, renewal or transfer of a

licence under this Act in respect of any premises whose application is refused;

(b) an applicant for the variation of the terms, conditions

or restrictions on or subject to which any such licence is held whose application is refused; or

(c) a holder of any such licence whose licence is revoked

by the licensing authority under section 13(5) of this Act or who is aggrieved by any term, condition or restriction on or subject to which the licence is held,

may at any time before the expiration of the period of twenty-one days beginning with the relevant date appeal to a magistrates' court acting for the petty sessions area within which, or in Scotland to the sheriff within whose jurisdiction, the premises are situated; and the court or sheriff may make such order as it or he thinks fit and, subject to subsection (2) below, that order shall be binding on the licensing authority.

In this subsection "the relevant date" means the date on which the person in question is notified of the refusal of his application, the revocation of his licence or the imposition of the term, condition or restriction by which he is aggrieved, as the case may be.

(2) Any person aggrieved by the order of a magistrates* court on an appeal under the foregoing subsection may appeal therefrom to a court of quarter sessions.

(3) Where a licence under this Act is revoked under section 13(5) of this Act or an application for the renewal of such a licence is refused, the licence shall be deemed to remain in force—

(a) during any period within which an appeal under this

section may be brought and, if such an appeal is brought within the period for doing so, until the determination or abandonment of the appeal; and

(b) where an appeal under this section relating to such a

refusal as aforesaid is successful and no further such appeal lies, until the licence is renewed by the licensing authority.

(4) In the case of an appeal in relation to an application of which, in accordance with paragraph 2(1) of Schedule 1 to this Act, notice was required to be given to a chief officer of police, notice of the appeal shall be given to that chief officer as well as to any other person to whom it is required to be given apart from this subsection.

2 Y 2*

Ch. 54

Theatres Act 1968

1402

Powers of entry and inspection.

Miscellaneous and general

15.—(1) If a justice of the peace is satisfied by information on oath that there are reasonable grounds for suspecting, as regards any premises specified in the information—

(a) that a performance of a play is to be given at those

premises, and that an offence under section 2, 5 or 6 of this Act is likely to be committed in respect of that performance; or

(b) that an offence under section 13(1) of this Act is being or will be committed in respect of those premises,

the justice may issue a warrant under his hand empowering any police officer or, in a case falling within paragraph (b) above, any police officer or authorised officer of the licensing authority at any time within fourteen days from the date of the warrant to enter the premises and—

(i) in a case falling within paragraph (a) above, to attend

any performance of a play which may be given there;

(ii) in a case falling within paragraph (b) above, to inspect

the premises.

In the application of this subsection to Scotland, the references to a justice of the peace shall be construed as including references to the sheriff and, in relation to premises situated within a burgh, to a magistrate of the burgh.

(2) Any authorised officer of the licensing authority may, on production if so required of his authority, at all reasonable times enter any premises in respect of which a licence under this Act is in force at which he has reason to believe that a performance of a play is being or is about to be given and inspect them with a view to seeing whether the terms, conditions or restrictions on or subject to which the licence is held are complied with.

(3) The power conferred by subsection (2) above on an authorised officer of the licensing authority shall be exercisable also by a police officer who shall not, if wearing uniform, be required to produce any authority.

(4) In relation to premises situated in the area of a fire authority that is not the same body as the licensing authority, subsection (2) above shall have effect as if the references to an authorised officer of the licensing authority included references to an authorised officer of that fire authority.

(5) Any person who wilfully obstructs an authorised officer of a licensing authority acting in the execution of a warrant under subsection (1) above or an authorised officer of a licensing

Theatres Act 1968

Ch. 54

1403

authority or fire authority acting in the exercise of his powers under subsection (2) above shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £20.

(6) A licensing authority in England and Wales may institute proceedings for an offence under subsection (5) above committed in their area.

16. Where any offence under this Act committed by a body Offences by corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent

or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the corpora e* part of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or any person purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as die body corporate shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

17. —(1) Nothing in section 1(1) of this Act shall affect the Existing operation of any letters patent of the Crown which are in force letters immediately before the commencement of this Act; but nothing patent‘ in any such letters patent as aforesaid shall afford a defence where a person is charged with any offence other than an offence under section 13(1) of this Act.

(2) A licence under this Act shall not be required for any premises by reason only of the performance of a play at those premises under the authority of any such letters patent as aforesaid; but where by virtue of any such letters patent it is lawful for any premises to be used for the public performance of plays without a licence under this Act being held in respect thereof, the licensing authority may by notice in writing impose in respect of the use of those premises for that purpose any requirements which they would have power to impose by way of terms, conditions or restrictions in granting such a licence in respect of any premises.

(3) The following provisions of this Act, so far as appropriate, namely sections 13(2) to (4), 14 and 15, and paragraph 7 of Schedule 1, shall with the necessary modifications apply in relation to any requirements imposed by a notice under subsection (2) above as they apply in relation to any terms, conditions or restrictions on or subject to which a licence under this Act is held, any reference to the holder of the licence being construed as a reference to the holder for the time being of the relevant letters patent.

18. —(1) In this Act— Interpretation. " licensing authority " means—

(a) as respects premises in Greater London, the Greater London Council;

2 Y 3*

1404

Ch. 54

Theatres Act 1968

1936 c. 6.

1 Edw. 8& (lGeo. 6.).

(b) as respects premises in a county or county borough in England and Wales, the council of that county or borough;

(c) in relation to Scotland, as respects premises situated in a burgh, the council of that burgh, and in any other case, the council of the county in which the premises are situated;

" play " means—

(a) any dramatic piece, whether involving improvisation or not. which is given wholly or in part by one or more persons actually present and performing and in which the whole or a major proportion of what is done by the person or persons performing, whether by way of speech, singing or action, involves the playing of a role; and

(b) any ballet given wholly or in part by one or more persons actually present and performing, whether or not it falls within paragraph (a) of this definition;

" police officer " means a member, or in Scotland a constable, of a police force;

" premises " includes any place;

"public performance*’ includes any performance in a public place within the meaning of the Public Order Act 1936 and any performance which the public or any section thereof are permitted to attend, whether on payment or otherwise;

" script * has the meaning assigned by section 9(2) of this Act.

(2) For the purposes of this Act—

(a) a person shall not be treated as presenting a performance

of a play by reason only of Ins taking part therein as a performer;

(b) a person taking part as a performer in a performance

of a play directed by another person shall be treated as a person who directed the performance if without reasonable excuse he performs otherwise than in accordance with that person’s direction; and

(c) a person shall be taken to have directed a performance

of a play given under his direction notwithstanding that he was not present during the performance;

and a person shall not be treated as aiding or abetting the commission of an offence under section 2, 5 or 6 of this Act

Theatres Act 1968

Ch. 54

1405

in respect of a performance of a play by reason only of his taking part in that performance as a performer.

19.—(1) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 2 to this Act Consequential

shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in column amendments,

2 of that Schedule, being amendments consequential on the . . m .t* a . transitional

foregoing provisions of this Act provisions.

(2) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 3 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in column 3 of that Schedule.

(3) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament repeal or amend any provision in any local Act, including an Act confirming a provisional order, or in any instrument in the nature of a local enactment under any Act, where it appears to him that that provision is inconsistent with, or has become unnecessary or requires modification in consequence of, any provision of this Act or corresponds to any provision repealed by this Act.

(4) Subject to subsection (5) below, a licence under the Theatres Act 1843 that is in force in respect of any premises 1843 c. 68. immediately before the relevant day shall not be invalidated by

the repeal of that Act, but shall have effect as from the relevant day as if granted under this Act by the licensing authority on and subject to terms, conditions and restrictions corresponding to the rules and conditions subject to which it is held immediately before that day except in so far as those rules and conditions relate to matters as to which, by virtue of section 1(2) of this Act, the licensing authority would not have power to impose terms, conditions or restrictions in granting a licence under this Act in respect of any premises.

(5) Subject to the provisions of this Act as to the cancellation and revocation of licences thereunder, a licence to which subsection (4) above applies (other than a licence granted in respect of one or more particular occasions only) shall remain in force for so much of the period for which it was originally granted as falls on or after the relevant day or, in the case of a licence originally granted for a period of a year, for so much of that period as falls on or after that day or for a period of six months beginning with that day, whichever is the longer.

(6) In this section " the relevant day " means the day immediately following the expiration of the period of two months mentioned in section 20(2) of this Act.

2 Y 4*

1406

Ch. 54

Theatres Act 1968

Short title, commencement, extent and

application to Isles of Scilly.

20.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Theatres Act 1968.

(2) The provisions of this Act mentioned in subsection (3) below shall come into force on the passing of this Act, and the other provisions of this Act shall come into force on the expiration of a period of two months beginning with the date on which this Act is passed; but a licence granted under this Act during that period, and any requirements imposed under section 17(2) during that period, shall not come into force before the expiration of that period.

(3) The provisions of this Act referred to in subsection (2) above are the following—

(a) sections 1(2), 12(4), 14, 17(2), 18(1) and this section;

(h) section 17(3) so far as it relates to section 14 or to paragraph 7 of Schedule 1;

(c) Schedule 1.

(4) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.

(5) In relation to the Isles of Scilly this Act shall have effect as if they were a county and as if for any reference to the council of a county there were substituted a reference to the Council of the Isles of Scilly.

Theatres Act 1968

Ch. 54

1407

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 Section 12.

Provisions with respect to Licences

Grant, renewed and transfer of licences

1. —(1) The licensing authority may grant to any applicant and from time to time renew a licence under this Act for the use of any premises specified therein for the public performance of plays on such terms and conditions and subject to such restrictions as, subject to section 1(2) of this Act, may be so specified.

(2) Subject to sub-paragraph (3) below, paragraph 4 of this Schedule and section 14(3) of this Act, a licence granted under this Act shall, unless previously cancelled under paragraph 5 of this Schedule or revoked under section 13(5) of this Act, remain in force for one year or for such shorter period specified in the licence as the licensing authority may think fit

(3) The licensing authority may grant a licence under this Act in respect of such one or more particular occasions only as may be specified in the licence.

(4) Where a licence has been granted under this Act to any person, then, subject to section 1(2) of this Act, the licensing authority may, if they think fit, transfer that licence to any other person on thie application of that person or the holder of the licence.

Notice in respect of applications for grant, renewal or transfer of licences

2. —(1) An applicant for the grant or transfer of a licence under this Act in respect of any premises shall give to the licensing authority and to the chief officer of police in whose area the premises are situated not less than twenty-one days* notice of his intention to make the application and furnish such particulars and give such other notices as the licensing authority may by regulations prescribe.

(2) An applicant for the renewal of a licence under this Act in respect of any premises shall give to the licensing authority not less than twenty-eight days* notice of his intention to make the application.

(3) In relation to such a licence under this Act as is authorised by paragraph 1(3) of this Schedule—

(a) sub-paragraphs (1) and (2) above shall have effect as if for

the reference to twenty-one or, as the case may be, twenty-eight days* notice there were substituted a reference to fourteen days* notice; and

(b) sub-paragraph (1) above shall have effect as if the requirement as to notice to the chief officer of police were omitted.

Fees

3.—(1) The person making an application for the grant, renewal or transfer of a licence under this Act shall on doing so pay to the licensing authority such fee as may be prescribed by the Secretary

1408

Ch. 54

Theatres Act 1968

Sea. 1 of State by order made by statutory instrument, except that no fee shall be payable under this paragraph on an application for the grant or transfer of a licence under this Act in respect of one or more particular occasions if the licensing authority are satisfied as regards that occasion or each of those occasions that the play or plays to be performed are of an educational or other like character or are to be performed for a charitable or other like purpose.

(2) An order under this paragraph may make different provision for different circumstances, and may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order thereunder.

(3) A statutory instrument containing an order under this para* graph shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

Transmission of licence on death of holder

4. In the event of the death of the holder of a licence under this Act in respect of any premises, that licence shall be deemed to have been granted to his personal representatives in respect of those premises and shall, unless previously transferred to some other person or cancelled or revoked, remain in force until the end of the period of three months beginning with the death and shall then expire, so however that the licensing authority may from time to time, on the application of those representatives, extend or further extend the said period of three months if the authority are satisfied that the extension is necessary for the purpose of winding up the deceased's estate and that no other circumstances make it undesirable.

Cancellation of licences

5. The licensing authority upon receiving from the holder of a licence under this Act which is for the time being in force a written request in that behalf accompanied by the licence may cancel the licence.

Provisional grant of licences

6.—(1) Where an application is made to the licensing authority for the grant of a licence under this Act in respect of premises which are to be, or are in the course of being, constructed, extended or altered and the authority are satisfied that the premises would, if completed in accordance with plans deposited in accordance with the requirements of the authority, be such that the authority would grant the licence, the authority may grant the licence subject to a condition that it shall be of no effect until confirmed by the authority.

(2) The licensing authority shall confirm any licence granted by virtue of the foregoing sub-paragraph if and when they are satisfied that the premises have been completed in accordance with the plans aforesaid, or in accordance with those plans as modified with the approval of the authority, and that the licence is held by a fit and proper person.

4

Theatres Act 1968

Ch. 54

1409

Variation of terms of licence Scu. 1

7. The holder of a licence under this Act in respect of any premises may at any time apply to the licensing authority for such variations of the terms, conditions or restrictions on or subject to which the licence is held as may be specified in the application; and, subject to section 14 of this Act, on any such application the licensing authority may (subject to section 1(2) of this Act) make such variations (whether specified in the application or not) in any of those terms, conditions or restrictions as they think appropriate, or may refuse the application.

SCHEDULE 2 Section 19.

Consequential Amendments Enactment Amendment

The Burgh Police In section 395, the words44 stage plays or other * (Scotland) Act shall be omitted; after the word "repre-1892 (55 & 56 sentations " there shall be inserted the words Vict. c. 55). 44 (other than plays within the meaning of the

Theatres Act 1968) after the word44 exhibitions " there shall be inserted the words 44 (other than such plays as aforesaid) and the words from 44 without prejudice " to the end shall be omitted.

In section 398, after the word 44 performances " there shall be inserted the words44 (other than a performance of a play within the meaning of the Theatres Act 1968)"; and for the words "duly licensed* there shall be substituted the words44 licensed under this Act *.

In section 399, for the words 44 due licensing * there shall be substituted the words44 licensing under this Act *.

In section 400, after the words 44 the holder of the licence * there shall be inserted the words 44 granted under this Act in respect thereof*; for the words 44 licence thereof ’* there shall be substituted the words44 said licence *; and for the words 44 to be unlicensed * there shall be substituted the words 44 not to be licensed under this Act *.

In section 401, in paragraph (1), after the word 44 entertainment '* there shall be inserted the words 44 (including any premises in respect of which a licence under the Theatres Act 1968 is for the time being in force) *’.

1410

Ch. 54

Theatres Act 1968

Sch. 2

1967 c. 54.

Enactment Amendment

The Burgh Police In section 402, the words " stage plays or " shall (Scotland) Act beomitted; after the word "entertainments " 1892 (55 & 56 there shall be inserted the words " (other than Vict. c. 55 ).-cont.plays within the meaning of the Theatres

Act 1968)"; and for the words "licensed theatre or circus " there shall be substituted the words " theatre or circus licensed under this Act

The Burgh Police In section 80, for the words " due licensing '* (Scotland) Act there shall be substituted the words " licensing 1903 (3 Edw. 7. under the principal Act c. 33).

The Theatrical Em- In section 11, for the words " section seven of ployers Registra- the Theatres Act 1843 " there shall be tion Act 1925 (15 substituted the words " the Theatres Act & 16 Geo. 5. 1968".

c. 51).

The Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947 (10 All Geo. 6. c. 43).

In section 313, subsection (1) shall be omitted.

In section 313(2), the words from the beginning to " county, and " shall be omitted.

In section 313(3), the words "county council or " shall be omitted.

In section 313(4) the words from "and such regulations" to "Theatres Act 1843" shall be omitted.

In section 313, subsection (5) shall be omitted.

The Customs and Excise Act 1952 (15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 44).

In section 162(4) (as amended by the Finance Act 1967) in its application to England and Wales, for the words " in any theatre " there shall be substituted the words "on any premises ", and the words " at that theatre " shall be omitted.

The Hypnotism Act 1952 (15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 46).

In section 2, after subsection (1) the following shall be inserted as subsection (1A):—

" (1 A) The foregoing subsection shall not apply to an exhibition, demonstration or performance of hypnotism that takes place in the course of a performance of a play (within the meaning of the Theatres Act 1968) given either at premises in respect of which a licence under that Act is in force or under the authority of any such letters patent as are mentioned in section 17(1) of that Act"

Theatres Act 1968

Ch. 54

1411

Enactment Amendment

The Licensing Act In section 199, as amended by the Finance Act 1964 (1964 c. 26). 1967, the following shall be substituted for

paragraph (c)—

" (c) make unlawful the sale or exposure for sale by retail without a justices' licence of any intoxicating liquor at any premises in respect of which a licence under the Theatres Act 1968 is for the time being in force, or which by virtue of any letters patent of the Crown may lawfully be used for the public performance of plays without a licence under that Act being held in respect thereof, if the proprietor of those premises has given to the clerk to the licensing justices notice in writing of the intention to sell such liquor by retail at those premises and that notice has not been withdrawn;

In section 200(1), as amended by the Finance Act 1967, for the word "theatre " there shall be substituted the word "premises

The Private Places In section 2(3), for the words "stage play of Entertainment within the meaning of the Theatres Act (Licensing) Act 1843 " there shall be substituted the words

1967 (1967 c. 19). " play within the meaning of the Theatres

Act 1968 ".

SCHEDULE 3 Repeals

Chapter Short Tide Extent of Repeal

2 & 3 Vict. The Metropolitan Police Section 46.

c. 47. Act 1839.

2*3 Vict. The City of London Police Section 30.

c. xdv. Act 1839.

6*7 Vict, c. 68. The Theatres Act 1843. The whole Act.

51 & 52 Vict. The Local Government Act Section 7(a),

c. 41. 1888. In section 28(2), the words from "the licensing" to " plays, and ".

55 & 56 Vict. The Burgh Police (Scotland) In section 395, the words

c. 55. Act 1892. "stage plays or other" and the words from " without prejudice " to the end. In section 402, the words " stage plays or ".

Sch. 2 1967 c. 54.

Section 19.

1412

Ch. 54

Theatres Act 1968

Sch. 3

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

57 & 58 Vict.

c. lx.

9 Edw. 7. c. 30.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

lO&U* Geo. 6. c. 43.

The Cambridge University and Corporation Act 1894. The Cinematograph Act 1909.

The Criminal Justice Act 1925.

The Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947.

Section 8.

Section 7(1).

Section 43.

In section 313, subsection (1); in subsection (2), the words from the beginning to

"county, and*; in subsection (3), the words "county council or*; in subsection (4), the words from "and such regulations* to "Theatres Act

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101.

1963 c. 33.

The Justices of the Peace Act 1949.

The London Government Act 1963.

1843 *; and subsection (5).

Section 41(5X6).

In Schedule 7, in Part m, the entry relating to the Theatres Act 1843.

Section 52(1).

In Schedule 12, paragraphs 13 to 16; in paragraph 1(6) the words from "or the

licence * onwards; in paragraph 17 the words " the Theatres Act 1843 *; in paragraph 18 the words "the Theatres Act 1843

1966 c. 42. 1966 c. 51. 1966 c. xxviii.

The Local Government Act 1966.

The Local Government (Scotland) Act 1966.

The Greater London

or*; and paragraph 19(1)

(a) Cii).

In Schedule 3, in column 1 of Part n, paragraph 6.

In Schedule 4, in column 1 of Part n, paragraph 5. Section 19.

1967 c. 54.

Council (General Powers) Act 1966.

The Finance Act 1967.

In Schedule 7, paragraph 19.

Ch. 55

1413

Friendly and Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 55

An Act to make further provision with respect to the accounts of friendly societies and industrial and provident societies and the auditing of those accounts, and with respect to the rules and valuations of friendly societies.

[26th July 1968]

Be rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Societies: accounts and , etc.

L—(1) Every society shall— Books of

(a) cause to be kept proper books of account with respect account»ctc*

to its transactions and its assets and liabilities, and

(b) establish and maintain a satisfactory system of control

of its books of account, its cash holdings and all its receipts and remittances.

(2) For the purposes of paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection proper books of account shall not be taken to be kept with respect to the matters mentioned in that paragraph if there are not kept such books as are necessary to give a true and fair view of the state of the affairs of the society and to explain its transactions.

2.—(1) Any book of account to be kept by a society may be kept either by making entries in bound books or by recording the matters in question in any other manner.

(2) Where any such book of account is not kept by making entries in a bound book but by some other means, the society shall take adequate precautions for guarding against falsification and facilitating its discovery.

Form in which books of account may be kept.

1414 Ch. 55 Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

General 3.—(1) Every revenue account of a society shall give a true

provisions and fair view—

as to accounts ., , . .

and balance (fl) if it deals with the affairs of the society as a whole.

sheets of of the income and expenditure of the society as a

societies. whole, or

(b) if it deals with a particular business conducted by the society, of the income and expenditure of the society in respect of that business,

for the period to which the account relates.

(2) Every society shall, in respect of each year of account, cause to be prepared either—

(a) a revenue account which deals with the affairs of the

society as a whole for that year, or

(b) two or more revenue accounts for that year which deal

separately with particular businesses conducted by the society.

(3) In a case falling within paragraph (b) of the last preceding subsection, without prejudice to the application of subsection (1) (b) of this section to each revenue account dealing with a particular business conducted by the society, the revenue accounts in question, when considered together, shall give a true and fair view of the income and expenditure of the society as a whole for the year of account to which they relate.

(4) Every balance sheet of a society shall give a true and fair view as at the date of the balance sheet—

(a) in the case of a society to which section 28 of the Act

of 1896 (quinquennial valuations) applies, of the assets and current liabilities of the society and the resulting balances of its funds, and

(b) in the case of any other society, of the state of the

affairs of the society.

(5) A society shall not publish any revenue account or balance sheet unless—

(a) it has been previously audited by the auditor or auditors

last appointed to audit the accounts and balance sheet of the society,

(b) it incorporates a report by the auditor or auditors stating whether in their opinion it complies with the provision of subsection (1) or subsection (4) of this section which is applicable in that case, and

(c) it has been signed by the secretary of the society and

by two members of the committee of the society acting on behalf of that committee.

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

Ch. 55

1415

(6) Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (5) of this section a society to which section 28 of the Act of 1896 applies shall not publish any balance sheet which does not include a statement containing the same particulars as the statement required to be included in the annual return of that society by section 11 (6) of this Act.

(7) If in relation to any revenue account, revenue accounts or balance sheet of a society a member of the committee of the society fails to take all reasonable steps to secure compliance—

(a) with the provision of subsection (1) or subsection (4) of this section which is applicable in that case, or

(b) in a case falling within subsection (2)(b) of this section, with subsection (3) of this section,

he shall be guilty of an offence under the appropriate registration Act, unless he proves that he had reasonable grounds to believe, and did believe, that a competent and reliable person was charged with the duty of seeing that the relevant provision was complied with and was in a position to discharge that duty.

(8) In the case of a society to which this subsection applies, the preceding provisions of this section shall not have effect in relation to—

(a) any revenue account of that society for a period ending

before the last day of the year of account in respect of which the provisions of section 4(1) or section 4(5) of this Act (as the case may be) first apply to that society; and

(b) any balance sheet of that society relating to its affairs as

at a date before that day.

(9) The last preceding subsection applies in the case of any society which is registered under the Act of 1896 or under the Act of 1965 (as the case may be) at the date of the commencement of this Act, or which is first registered under either of those Acts on or after that date but before 1st January 1969.

4.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section. Obligation every society shall in each year of account beginning on or after to appoint 1st January 1969 appoint a qualified auditor or qualified auditors auditors to audit its accounts and balance sheet for that year.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to any society (not being a collecting society) if—

(a) the receipts and payments of that society in respect of

the preceding year of account did not in the aggregate exceed £5,000;

(b) the number of its members at the end of that year did

not exceed five hundred; and

1416

Ch. 55

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

(c) the value of its assets at the end of that year did not in the aggregate exceed £5,000.

(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last preceding subsection, subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to a registered branch if—

(a) the conditions specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the

last preceding subsection are satisfied in respect of that branch, and

(b) at the end of the preceding year of account at least

seventy-five per cent of its assets had been transferred to the society of which it is a branch or to another registered branch of that society for the purpose of being invested, in accordance with section 44(2) of the Act of 1896, by that society or that other branch, and the value of its assets not so transferred did not in the aggregate exceed £5,000:

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect so as to exempt a registered branch from the requirements of subsection

(1) of this section in any year of account in respect of which that subsection does not apply to the society or branch to which the assets have been transferred.

(4) A society to which by virtue of subsection (2) or (3) of this section subsection (1) of this section does not apply in respect of any year of account is in this Act referred to as an exempt society in respect of that year of account

(5) Subject to any direction given by the registrar under the next following subsection, every society which is an exempt society in respect of the current year of account shall in that year appoint at its option either—

(a) a qualified auditor or qualified auditors, or

(b) two or more persons who are not qualified auditors, to audit its accounts and balance sheet for that year.

(6) The registrar may give a direction in the case of any particular society which is an exempt society in respect of the current year of account requiring it to appoint a qualified auditor to audit its accounts and balance sheet for that year.

(7) The registrar may give a direction in the case of any particular society which was an exempt society in respect of any year of account before the year of account in which that direction is given and did not appoint a qualified auditor or qualified auditors to audit its accounts and balance sheet for that year—

(a) requiring it to appoint a qualified auditor to audit those accounts and that balance sheet, and

l

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

Ch. 55

1417

(b) in a case where that society has sent to him its annual return for that year before the date of the direction, requiring it after its accounts and balance sheet have been audited by a qualified auditor to send to him within three months from receipt of the direction a further annual return complying with the requirements of this Act and of section 27 of the Act of 1896 or, as the case may be, of section 39 of the Act of 1965 (other than that as to time of sending).

(8) Regulations made by the Chief Registrar with the consent of the Treasury may—

(a) substitute for any sum or number for the time being

specified in subsection (2) of this section or for any sum or percentage for the time being specified in subsection (3) of this section such sum, number or percentage as may be specified in the regulations; and

(b) prescribe what receipts and payments of a society shall

be taken into account for the purposes of those subsections.

5.—(1) A qualified auditor appointed to audit the accounts and balance sheet of a society for the preceding year of account shall be re-appointed as auditor of the society for the current year of account unless—

(a) a resolution has been passed at a general meeting of the

society appointing somebody instead of him or providing expressly that he shall not be re-appointed, or

(b) he has given to the society notice in writing of his

unwillingness to be re-appointed, or

(c) he is ineligible for appointment as auditor of the society

for the current year of account, or

(d) he has ceased to act as auditor of the society by reason

of incapacity:

Provided that, where notice is given of an intended resolution to appoint some person or persons in place of a retiring auditor and the resolution cannot be proceeded with at the meeting because of the death or incapacity of that person or persons, or because he or they are ineligible for appointment as auditor or auditors of the society for the current year of account (as the case may be), the retiring auditor shall not be automatically re-appointed by virtue of this subsection.

(2) For the purposes of the last preceding subsection, a person is ineligible for appointment as auditor of a society for the current year of account if, but only if—

(a) his appointment in relation to the society is prohibited by section 8 of this Act, or

Re-appointment and removal of qualified auditors.

1418

Ch. 55

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

Provisions as to resolutions relating to appointment and removal of auditors.

(b) (in the case of a society which is not an exempt society in respect of that year of account) he is not a qualified auditor at the time when the question of his appointment falls to be considered.

6,—(1) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, a resolution at a general meeting of a society—

(a) appointing another person as auditor in place of a retir-

ing qualified auditor, or

(b) providing expressly that a retiring qualified auditor shall

not be re-appointed,

shall not be effective unless notice of the intention to move it has been given to the society not less than twenty-eight days before the meeting at which it is moved.

(2) Where notice of the intention to move any such resolution has been given under subsection (1) erf this section to a society which is required by its rules to give notice to its members of the meeting at which the resolution is to be moved, the society shall if it is practicable to do so give them notice of the resolution at the same time and in the same manner as it gives notice of the meeting.

(3) Where notice of the intention to move any such resolution has been given to any society under subsection (1) of this section, and that society does not give notice of the resolution under the last preceding subsection, it shall give notice of the resolution to its members not less than fourteen days before the meeting at which the resolution is to be moved, either by advertisement in a newspaper having an appropriate circulation or in any other way allowed by the rules of the society.

(4) Where—

(a) for any of the reasons mentioned in the proviso to

subsection (1) of the last preceding section an intended resolution to appoint some person or persons in place of a retiring qualified auditor cannot be proceeded with at the meeting, and

(b) by the rules of the society an auditor can only be

appointed by a resolution passed at a general meeting after notice of the intended resolution has been given to the society before the meeting.

a resolution passed at that meeting re-appointing the retiring auditor or appointing an auditor in place of the retiring auditor shall be effective notwithstanding that no notice of that resolution has been given to the society under its rules.

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

Ch. 55

1419

(5) On receipt by a society of notice given under subsection

(1) of this section of an intended resolution, it shall forthwith send a copy of the notice to the retiring auditor.

(6) On receipt of a copy of such a notice, the retiring auditor may at any time before die date of the general meeting make representations in writing to the society (not exceeding a reasonable length) with respect to the intended resolution, and, without prejudice to the preceding provision, the retiring auditor may—

(a) notify the society that he intends to make such representations, and

(b) request that notice of his intention, or of any such representations made by him and received by the society before notice of the intended resolution is given to its members, shall be given to members of the society.

(7) Subject to the next following subsection, a society which receives representations or a notification of intended representations under the last preceding subsection before the date when notice of the intended resolution is required by subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section (as the case may be) to be given to its members shall—

(a) in any notice of the resolution given to its members, state that it has received those representations or that notification (as the case may be),

(b) in any such notice, state that any member may receive on demand made before the date of the general meeting a copy of any representations which have been or may be receive! by the society before that date, and

(c) send a copy of any representations received by the society before the date of the meeting to any member on demand made before that date;

but without prejudice either to the preceding provisions of this subsection or to his right to be heard orally, the retiring auditor may also require that any representations made by him before the date of the general meeting shall be read out at the meeting.

(8) Copies of any such representations need not be sent out, and the representations need not be read out at the meeting, if, on the application either of the society or of any other person, the High Court is satisfied that the rights conferred by this section are being abused to secure needless publicity for defamatory matter; and the Court may order the costs of the society on an application under this section to be paid, in whole or in part, by the auditor, notwithstanding that he is not a party to the application.

1420

Qualified

auditors.

1948 c. 38.

Ch. 55 Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

(9) In the application of subsection (8) of this section to a Scottish society, for the reference to the High Court there shall be substituted a reference to the Court of Session and for the reference to costs there shall be substituted a reference to expenses.

(10) Any provision in this section which requires notice to be given to the members of a society or confers any right upon a member (as the case may be) shall be construed in the case of a meeting of delegates appointed by members as requiring the notice to be given to the delegates so appointed or conferring the right upon a delegate (as the case may be).

7.—(1) Subject to the next following subsection, no person shall be a qualified auditor for the purposes of this Act unless he is either a member of one or more of the following bodies—

(a) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales;

(h) the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland;

(c) the Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants;

(d) the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland;

(e) any other body of accountants established in the United Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the purposes of section 161(l)(a) of the Companies Act 1948 by the Board of Trade,

or a person who is for the time being authorised by the Board of Trade under section 161UM6) of that Act as being a person with similar qualifications obtained outside the United Kingdom.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, for the purposes of any provision (except subsections (6) and (7) of section 4) of this Act a person who is not a qualified auditor under subsection

(1) of this section shall nevertheless be a qualified auditor in relation to any particular society if—

(a) he is at the passing of this Act an approved auditor

appointed by the Treasury under section 30 of the Act of 1896 or under section 38 of the Act of 1965, and

(b) he audited the accounts and balance sheet of that society

for the year of account immediately preceding the year of account in which this Act is passed and for every year of account (if any) since the first-mentioned year until the current year of account.

(3) The Chief Registrar may at any time direct that a person who is a qualified auditor in relation to a particular society or particular societies by virtue of the last preceding subsection shall cease to be so qualified from the date of that direction.

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

Ch. 55

1421

8. —(1) None of the following persons shall be appointed as auditor of a society—

(a) an officer or servant of the society;

(b) a person who is a partner of or in the employment of,

or who employs, an officer or servant of the society; or

(c) a body corporate.

(2) A person shall also not be appointed as auditor of an industrial and provident society if—

(a) his appointment as auditor of any other industrial and

provident society—

(i) which is a subsidiary of that society, or

(ii) of which that society is a subsidiary, or

(iii) which is a subsidiary of the society of which that society is a subsidiary,

is prohibited by virtue of the last preceding subsection; or

(b) he is by virtue of section 161(2) of the Companies Act

1948 disqualified for appointment as auditor of a company which is a subsidiary of that society.

(3) Nothing in this section shall prevent the appointment as auditor of a society of a Scottish firm if none of the partners of the firm is ineligible for appointment as auditor of the society by virtue of any of the provisions of this section.

(4) Any appointment made by a society in contravention of any of those provisions shall not be an effective appointment for the purposes of this Act.

(5) In this section " company " has the same meaning as in section 15 of this Act and references to an officer or servant shall be construed as not including an auditor.

9. —(1) The auditors of a society shall make a report to the society on the accounts examined by them, and on die revenue account or accounts and the balance sheet of the society for the year of account in respect of which they are appointed.

(2) The report shall state whether the revenue account or accounts and the balance sheet for that year comply with the requirements of this Act and the appropriate registration Act and whether, in the opinion of the auditors—

(a) the revenue account or accounts give a true and fair view in accordance with section 3 of this Act of the income and expenditure of the society as a whole for that year of account and, in the case of each such

Restrictions on appointment of auditors.

1948 c. 38.

Auditors* report and right of access to books and to attend and be heard at meetings.

1422

Ch. 55

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

account which deals with a particular business conducted by the society, a true and fair view in accordance with that section of the income and expenditure of the society in respect of that business for that year, and

(b) the balance sheet gives a true and fair view in accordance with that section either of the assets and current liabilities of the society and the resulting balances of its funds or of the state of the affairs of the society (as the case may require) as at the end of that year of account.

(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last preceding subsection, where the report of the auditors relates to any accounts other than the revenue account or accounts for the year of account in respect of which they are appointed that report shall state whether those accounts give a true and fair view of any matter to which they relate.

(4) It shall be the duty of the auditors of a society, in preparing their report under this section, to carry out such investigations as will enable them to form an opinion as to the following matters, that is to say—

(a) whether the society has kept proper books of account

in accordance with the requirements of section 1(1 Ha) of this Act;

(b) whether the society has maintained a satisfactory system

of control over its transactions in accordance with the requirements of section 1(1 of this Act; and

(c) whether the revenue account or accounts, the other

accounts (if any) to which the report relates, and the balance sheet are in agreement with the books of account of the society;

and if the auditors are of opinion that the society has failed to comply with section l(l)(a) or (b) of this Act, or if the revenue account or accounts, the other accounts (if any) and the balance sheet are not in agreement with the books of account of the society, the auditors shall state that fact in their report.

(5) Every auditor of a society—

(a) shall have a right of access at all times to the books,

deeds and accounts of the society, and to all other documents relating to its affairs, and

(b) shall be entitled to require from the officers of the

society such information and explanations as he thinks necessary for the performance of the duties of the auditors.

(6) If the auditors fail to obtain all the information and explanations which, to the best of their knowledge and belief.

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

Ch. 55

1423

are necessary for the purposes of their audit, they shall state that fact in their report

(7) The auditors of a society shall be entitled—

(a) to attend any general meeting of the society, and to

receive all notices of and other communications relating to any general meeting which any member of the society is entitled to receive, and

(b) to be heard at any meeting which they attend on any

part of the business of the meeting which concerns them as auditors.

(8) The preceding provisions of this section shall not have effect so as to impose any duties or confer any rights upon auditors appointed in respect of any year of account of a society beginning before 1st January 1969.

10. —(1) Regulations made by the Chief Registrar with the Remuneration consent of the Treasury may prescribe the maximum rates of of qualified remuneration to be paid by societies for the audit of their accounts and balance sheets by qualified auditors.

(2) No auditor shall ask for, receive or be entitled to receive remuneration in excess of the rate prescribed in respect of his services by regulations made under this section.

11. —(1) The annual return which a society is required to Amendments send to the registrar by section 27(1) of the Act of 1896 or to relating to the appropriate registrar by section 39(1) of the Act of 1965 annual returns (as the case may be) shall be a return relating to the affairs of ot societlcs* the society, and accordingly—

(a) for the words from " of the receipts *' in section 27(1)

of the Act of 1896 to the end of the subsection, and

(b) for the words from " of the income " to " audited * in

section 39(1) of the Act of 1965, there shall be substituted the words " relating to its affairs for the period required by this section to be included in the return "; and in section 27(2 )(b) of the Act of 1896 for the words " out to*' there shall be substituted the words "up for the period beginning with the date of registration of the society or branch under this Act or with the first day of January of the year preceding the year in which the return is required to be sent, whichever is the later, and ending with

(2) The annual return sent by a society under either of the provisions mentioned in the preceding subsection—

(a) shall contain the revenue account or accounts of the society prepared in accordance with section 3(2) of this Act in respect of the year of account to which the return relates, and a balance sheet as at the end of that year, and

2 z

1424

Ch. 55 Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

(b) shall not contain any accounts other than the revenue account or accounts for that year unless those other accounts have been examined by the auditors of the society under section 9 of this Act.

(3) The power of the chief registrar under section 98(3) of the Act of 1896 or under section 72(1) of the Act of 1965 (as the case may be) to determine the form of an annual return and the particulars to be contained in such a return shall be without prejudice to the provisions of the last preceding subsection.

(4) A society which is required to send an annual return to the registrar by section 27(1) of the Act of 1896 shall send together with that return a copy of the report of the auditors on the accounts and balance sheet contained in the return, and accordingly, in section 27(3) of the Act of 1896, for the words " any special report of the auditors " there shall be substituted the words " the report of the auditors on the accounts and balance sheet contained in the return *.

(5) Every society shall provide, together with—

(a) every copy of its last annual return supplied on demand to a member or person interested in the funds of the society, in accordance with the requirements of section 39(a) of the Act of 1896 or section 39(5) of the Act of 1965 (as the case may be), and (b) every balance sheet or other document so supplied in accordance with the requirements of section 39(6) of the Act of 1896,

a copy of the report of the auditors on the accounts and balance sheet contained in the return or on that balance sheet or document so supplied, as the case may require.

(6) The annual return sent to the registrar under section 27 of the Act of 1896 by a society to which section 28 of that Act applies shall include a statement specifying either—

(a) in the case of a society on which no exemption from

the provisions of section 28 of that Act has been conferred either under subsection (5) of that section or under section 16(3) of this Act, the date of the last report under that section on the condition of the society or the dates respectively of the last reports under that section on the assets and liabilities of the society in respect of particular businesses conducted by the society, and a place where a copy of that report or copies of those reports (as the case may be) may be inspected; or

(b) in the case of a society on which a complete exemption

from the provisions of that section has been conferred

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

Ch. 55

1425

under subsection (5) of that section, the reason for that exemption; or

(c) in the case of a society on which a partial exemption from the provisions of that section has been conferred under section 16(3) of this Act—

(i) the date of the last report or the dates respectively of the last reports under that section on the assets and liabilities of the society in respect of any business or businesses conducted by the society, and a place where a copy of that report or copies of those reports (as the case may be) may be inspected; and

(ii) the reason for that partial exemption.

(7) The preceding provisions of this section shall not have effect in any case where the annual return or the balance sheet or other document relating to the affairs of a society (as the case may be) relates to a year of account beginning before 1st January 1969.

(8) Section 27(2)(a) and (c) of the Act of 1896 and section 39 (2) (a) and (b) of the Act of 1965 shall cease to have effect.

12.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the rules of any society. Consequential the committee of a society may by resolution passed during the a?^dnif°ts appropriate period after the commencement of this Act make such amendments of the rules of the society as may be consequential on the provisions of this Act.

(2) For the purposes of the preceding subsection the appropriate period after the commencement of this Act. in relation to any society, shall be whichever is the longer of the following two periods, that is to say—

(a) the period of one year beginning with the date of the

commencement of this Act, and

(b) the period beginning with the date of the commencement

of this Act and ending with the date on which an amendment of the rules of that society is first registered after that date under section 13 of the Act of 1896 or under section 10 of the Act of 1965.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in section 13 of the Act of 1896 or in section 10 of the Act of 1965. after the end of one year beginning with the date of the commencement of this Act the registrar or the appropriate registrar (as the case may be) shall not be required to register any amendment of a society’s rules unless such consequential amendments of the rules of that society as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section either have been made before the application for registration of that amendment or are to be effected by that amendment.

2 Z 2

1426

Group accounts of industrial and provident societies.

Ch. 55 Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

Industrial and provident societies: group accounts

13.—(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following section, where at the end of a year of account of an industrial and provident society beginning on or after 1st January 1969 die society has subsidiaries, it shall cause to be prepared accounts for that year (in this Act referred to as "group accounts*) dealing as mentioned in the following provisions of this section with the state of affairs and income and expenditure of the society and its subsidiaries.

(2) The group accounts of an industrial and provident society shall give a true and fair view of the state of affairs and income and expenditure of the society and the subsidiaries dealt with thereby as a whole, so far as concerns members of the society.

(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last preceding subsection, the group accounts shall comprise such accounts and contain such particulars as the Chief Registrar may prescribe by regulations made under this section.

(4) Where the year of account of a subsidiary does not coincide with that of the industrial and provident society of which it is a subsidiary, the group accounts shall, unless the Chief Registrar on the application or with the consent of the committee of the society otherwise directs, deal with the subsidiary's state of affairs as at the end of its year of account ending with or last before that of the society, and with the subsidiary’s income and expenditure for that year of account.

(5) An industrial and provident society which has caused group accounts to be prepared in accordance with subsection (1) of this section shall submit those accounts for audit to the auditors appointed to audit the accounts and balance sheet of the society for that year of account: and those auditors shall make a report to the society on the group accounts, stating whether those accounts have been properly prepared in accordance with the requirements of tins Act and the regulations (if any) made under this Act and whether in their opinion they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs and income and expenditure of the society and its subsidiaries in accordance with subsection (2) of this section.

(6) An industrial and provident society shall send its group accounts and a copy of the report of the auditors under the last preceding subsection to the appropriate registrar together with its annual return for the year of account to which those group accounts relate.

(7) The latest group accounts of an industrial and provident society shall be supplied free of charge, together with the latest annual return of the society, to every member or person interested

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

Ch. 55

1427

in the funds of the society who applies under section 39(5) of the Act of 1965 for a copy of the latest annual return; and any such group accounts shall be taken to be a document kept by the appropriate registrar under that Act for the purposes of section 71(1) of that Act.

14. —(1) Section 13 of this Act shall not require group Exemption accounts to be prepared by an industrial and provident society from. where that society is at the end of its year of account the wholly

owned subsidiary of another body corporate incorporated in of group Great Britain. accounts.

(2) The group accounts of an industrial and provident society prepared under that section need not deal with a subsidiary of the society if in the opinion of the committee of the society, approved by the Chief Registrar—

(a) it is impracticable, or would be of no real value to

members of the society, in view of the insignificant amounts involved, or would involve expense or delay out of proportion to the value to members of (he society; or

(b) the result would be misleading, or harmful to the business

of the society or any of its subsidiaries; or

(c) the business of the society and that of the subsidiary

are so different that they cannot reasonably be treated as a single undertaking.

(3) If in respect of each subsidiary of an industrial and provident society the committee of the society is of any such opinion as is mentioned in the last preceding subsection and that opinion is approved by the Chief Registrar, then that industrial and provident society shall not be required to cause group accounts to be prepared under section 13 of this Act.

(4) For the purposes of this section an industrial and provident society shall be deemed to be the wholly owned subsidiary of another body corporate if it has no members except that other body corporate and the wholly owned subsidiaries of that body and its or their nominees.

15. —(1) For the purposes of this Act, a company shall, subject Meaning of to the provisions of subsection (4) of this section, be deemed " subsidiary " to be a subsidiary of an industrial and provident society if, but

only if, that society either—

(a) is a member of the company and controls the compo-

sition of its board of directors; or

(b) holds more than half in nominal value of the company's equity share capital.

2 Z 3

1428

Ch. 55

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

(2) For the purposes of paragraph (n) of the preceding subsection, the composition of a company’s board of directors shall be deemed to be controlled by an industrial and provident society if, but only if, that society by the exercise of some power exercisable by it without the consent or concurrence of any other person can appoint or remove the holders of all or a majority of the directorships.

(3) A society shall be deemed for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section to have power to appoint to a directorship if either—

(a) a person cannot be appointed thereto without the exer-

cise in his favour by that society of such a power as is mentioned in that subsection; or

(b) a person's appointment thereto follows necessarily from

his appointment as a member of the committee of that society; or

(c) the directorship is held by that society itself.

(4) In determining whether a company is a subsidiary of an industrial and provident society—

(a) any shares held or power exercisable by that society in a

fiduciary capacity shall be treated as not held or exercisable by it;

(b) (subject to the two following paragraphs), any shares held or power exercisable by any person as a nominee for that society (except where that society is concerned only in a fiduciary capacity) shall be treated as held or exercisable by that society;

(c) any shares held or power exercisable by any person by

virtue of the provisions of any debentures of the company or of a trust deed for securing any issue of such debentures shall be disregarded; and

(d) any shares held or power exercisable by, or by a nominee

for, that society (not being held or exercisable as mentioned in the last preceding paragraph) shall be treated as not held or exercisable by that society if the ordinary business of that society includes the lending of money and the shares are held or power is exercisable as mentioned above by way of security only for the purposes of a transaction entered into in the ordinary course of that business.

(5) For the purposes of this Act, an industrial and provident society shall be deemed to be a subsidiary of another such society if, but only if, that other society either—

(a) is a member of the first mentioned society and controls the composition of its committee; or

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

Ch. 55

1429

(b) can exercise a majority of the votes to which members of the first-mentioned society are entitled under its rules.

(6) For the purposes of paragraph (a) of the last preceding subsection, the composition of a society’s committee shall be deemed to be controlled by another society if, but only if, either—

(a) that other society by the exercise of some power exer-

cisable by it without the consent or concurrence of any other person can appoint and remove the members or a majority of the members of that committee; or

(b) that other society is itself a member of that committee

and by the exercise of such a power as is mentioned in the preceding paragraph can either appoint and remove the remaining members of that committee or appoint and remove such number of members of that committee as, together with itself, would constitute a majority of the members of that committee.

(7) A society shall be deemed for the purposes of subsection

(6) of this section to have power to appoint a person to membership of the committee of another society if either—

(a) he cannot be appointed without the exercise in his

favour by the first mentioned society of such a power as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of that subsection; or

(b) his appointment follows necessarily from his appoint-

ment as a member of the committee of the first-mentioned society.

(8) Subsection (4) of this section shall apply with the necessary modifications in determining whether an industrial and provident society is a subsidiary of another such society as it applies in determining whether a company is a subsidiary of such a society.

(9) In this section " company " includes any body corporate other than an industrial and provident society, and 44 equity share capital" means, in relation to a company, its issued share capital excluding any part thereof which, neither as respects dividends nor as respects capital, carries any right to participate beyond a specified amount in a distribution.

Societies registered under the Act of 1896: valuations and rules

16.—(1) Every valuation under section 28 of the Act of 1896 (quinquennial valuations) shall be made by an actuary having such qualifications as the Chief Registrar may prescribe by regulations made under this section, and accordingly no person shall be appointed a public valuer under section 30 of that Act unless he is an actuary qualified in accordance with regulations so made.

2 Z 4

Amendments with respect to valuations of societies registered under the Act of 1896.

1430

Ch. 55

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

(2) Subsections (1 )(b)and (3) of section 28 of the Act of 1896 shall cease to have effect

(3) The Chief Registrar may dispense with the provisions of section 28 of the Act of 1896 in respect of any particular business conducted by a society registered under that Act if in his opinion those provisions are inapplicable to that business because of the nature of the business or the manner in which it is conducted, and in relation to any such society on which a partial exemption is conferred under this subsection section 28(1) of that Act shall have effect (subject to any regulations made or direction given under this section) as if—

(a) it required that society once at least in every five years

to cause its assets and liabilities in respect of any business other than the business to which the partial exemption relates to be valued under that section, and

(b) the report required to be sent to the registrar under that section were a report on the assets and liabilities so valued.

(4) Regulations made by the Chief Registrar may provide—

(a) that in relation to any society registered under the Act of 1896 of a class specified in the regulations section 28 of that Act shall have effect as if for the period of five years specified in that section as the maximum interval between valuations under that section there were substituted a period of three years;

(b) that in relation to any society so registered of a class

specified in the regulations that section shall have effect as if it required that society—

(i) to cause its assets and liabilities in respect of any business of a class so specified to be valued under that section and to send to the registrar a report of those assets and liabilities at least once in every three years; and

(ii) to cause its assets and liabilities in respect of any other business (other than business to which a partial exemption under subsection (3) of this section relates) to be so valued and to send to the registrar a report on those assets and liabilities at least once in every five years; and

(c) that every society of a class specified in the regulations

which is first registered under that Act after the commencement of this Act shall cause its assets and liabilities to be valued for the first time under that section as at a date so specified.

(5) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last preceding subsection, if in the opinion of the Chief Registrar it is expedient

Friendly and Industrial and Ch. 55 1431

Provident Societies Act 1968

in the interests of the members of any particular society registered under the Act of 1896 to do so, he may direct that in relation to that society section 28 of that Act shall have effect—

(a) as if for the period of five years specified in that section

as the maximum interval between valuations under that section there were substituted a period of three years; or

(b) as if it required that society—

(i) to cause its assets and liabilities in respect of any particular business specified in the direction to be valued under that section and to send to the registrar a report on those assets and liabilities at least once in every three years; and

(ii) to cause its assets and liabilities in respect of any other business (other than business to which a partial exemption under subsection (3) of this section relates) to be so valued and to send to the registrar a report on those assets and liabilities at least once in every five years.

(6) The Chief Registrar may at any time revoke a direction given by him under subsection (5) of this section.

17.—(1) It is hereby declared for the avoidance of doubt that Amendments nothing in paragraph 2 of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1896 or with respect to in section 8(2)(a) of the Industrial Assurance Act 1923 requires of

the rules of a society to contain tables in accordance with registered which obligations to provide benefits to members have been under the Act undertaken or policies of assurance have been issued by the of 1896. society, if the rules of the society provide that no further 1923 c. 8. obligations may be undertaken or (as the case may be) no further policies may be issued in accordance with those tables.

(2) The tables which the rules of a society are required to contain by virtue of paragraph 2 of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1896 or by section 8 of the Industrial Assurance Act 1923 and any tables contained in the rules of a branch shall, in the case of a society or branch to which this subsection applies which proposes to carry on long-term business within the meaning of the Insurance Companies Act 1958, be tables which, 1958 c. 72. in so far as they relate to that business, have been certified

by an actuary who is qualified in accordance with regulations under the last preceding section to make a valuation under section 28 of the Act of 1896.

(3) The last preceding subsection applies to every society and branch which is first registered under the Act of 1896 after the commencement of this Act other than—

(a) a society formed by the amalgamation of two or more societies so registered before the commencement of this Act, and

2 z*

1432

1923 c. 8.

Offences.

Regulations.

1946 c. 3d.

Ch. 55 Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

(b) a branch of a society so registered before the commencement of this Act

(4) The rules of a society registered under the Act of 1896 may provide for the reinsurance, to such extent as may from time to time be approved by an actuary who is qualified as mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, of risks of any class against which persons are. or are to be, insured by that society.

(5) The notice of a general meeting which a collecting society is required to give to its members by section 19 of the Industrial Assurance Act 1923 may, instead of containing a copy of every amendment of a rule intended to be proposed at die meeting, contain in respect of any such amendment an explanation of its purpose together with a notification that a copy of the amendment may be obtained by any member on application to the society, and accordingly, in subsection (3) of that section, for the words from " contain " to the end of the subsection, there shall be substituted the words " in respect of each amendment contain either—

(a) a copy of that amendment, or

(b) (in the case of an amendment proposed to the rules of a collecting society) an explanation of its purpose, together with a notification that a copy of the amendment may be obtained by any member on application to the society.*.

Miscellaneous and supplementary

18. Any contravention by a society of any provision of this Act and any failure by a society to comply with any provision of this Act or any direction given by the registrar under section 4 of this Act shall be an offence under the appropriate registration Act.

19. —(1) Any power to make regulations under this Act may be exercised so as to make different provision in relation to different cases or different circumstances to which the power is applicable.

(2) Any power to make regulations under this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any statutory instrument containing any regulations made under section 4 or section 10 of this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(3) The Statutory Instruments Act 1946 shall apply to all powers of making statutory instruments under this Act as if die Chief Registrar were a Minister of the Crown.

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

Ch. 55

1433

20. —(1) Except as provided by Schedule 3 to this Act— Minor and

(a) the enactments specified in Schedule 1 to this Act shall

have effect subject to the amendments set out in that repeals and Schedule, being minor amendments and amendments transitional consequential on the preceding provisions of this Act; provisions, and

(b) the enactments specified in Schedule 2 to this Act are

hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of the transition to the provisions of this Act from the law in force before the commencement of those provisions.

21. —(1) In this Act. except so far as the context otherwise interpretation, requires, the following expressions have the following meanings respectively, that is to say—

" Act of 1896 " means the Friendly Societies Act 1896; 1896 c. 25.

" Act of 1965 " means the Industrial and Provident Societies 1965 c. 12. Act 1965;

" annual return ", in relation to a society registered under the Act of 1896, means the annual return which that society is required to send to the registrar by section 27(1) of that Act, and in relation to a society registered under the Act of 1965, means the annual return which that society is required to send to the appropriate registrar by section 39(1) of that Act;

" collecting society " has the same meaning as in the

Industrial Assurance Act 1923; 1923 c. 8.

" exempt society " has the meaning assigned to it by section 4(4) of this Act;

" group accounts " has the meaning assigned to it by section 13 of this Act;

"industrial and provident society" means a society registered under the Act of 1965;

41 registered branch " means a branch registered under the Act of 1896 of a society registered under that Act;

"Scottish society" means any body which is either a society registered under the Act of 1896 or a society registered under the Act of 1965 (as the case may be) in Scotland;

" society " means any body which is either a society registered under the Act of 1896 or a society registered under the Act of 1965;

"subsidiary" has the meaning assigned to it by section 15 of this Act;

2 Z 2*

1434

Channel Islands and Isle of Man.

Ch. 55 Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

" year of account "—

(a) in relation to a society registered under the Act of 1896, means with respect to the year in which it is so registered the period beginning with the date of registration and ending with 31st December of that year and in any other case a period erf twelve months eneling with 31st December; and

(b) in relation to a society registered under the Act of 1965, means any period required by section 39 of that Act to be included in an annual return of that society.

(2) In this Act "the appropriate registration Act*'—

(a) in relation to a society registered under the Act of 1896

or to a member of the committee of any such society, means the Act of 1896, and

(b) in relation to a society registered under the Act of 1965 or to a member of the committee of any such society, means the Act of 1965;

and any reference to an offence under the appropriate registration Act is a reference to an offence falling within section 89 of the Act of 1896 or to an offence under section 61 of the Act of 1965 (as the case may require).

(3) In this Act, " the current year of account ", in relation to the appointment of an auditor or auditors, means the year of account in which the question of that appointment arises, and "the preceding year of account" means the year of account immediately preceding the current year of account

(4) In this Act, except so far as the context otherwise requires—

(a) references to a society registered and to the registration of a society under the Act of 1896 include respectively references to a registered branch and to the registration under that Act of a branch of a society so registered; and

(b) references to a society registered under the Act of 1965 include references to a society deemed to be so registered by virtue of section 4 of that Act

22.—(1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide—

(a) that all or any of the provisions of this Act shall extend

to any of the Channel Islands, or

(b) that all or any of the provisions of this Act in so far as

those provisions relatq to societies registered under the Act of 1896, shall extend to the Isle of Man,

with in either case such exceptions, adaptations and modifications (if any) as may be specified in the Order.

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

Ch. 55

1435

(2) Any Order in Council made under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council so made.

(3) Any Order in Council revoking an Order in Council made under this section may contain such transitional or other incidental or supplemental provisions as appear to Her Majesty to be necessary or expedient in consequence of the revocation.

23.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Friendly and Industrial Short title, and Provident Societies Act 1968. citation.

construction

(2) This Act and the Industrial Assurance Acts 1923 to 1958 and extent, may be cited together as the Industrial Assurance Acts 1923 to 1968; this Act and the Friendly Societies Acts 1896 to 1958 may be cited together as the Friendly Societies Acts 1896 to 1968; and this Act and the Industrial and Provident Societies Acts 1965 and 1967 may be cited together as the Industrial and Provident Societies Acts 1965 to 1968.

(3) References in this Act to any other enactment shall, except so far as the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act

(4) This Act—

(a) in its application to collecting societies, shall be construed

as one with the Industrial Assurance Acts 1923 to 1958;

(b) in its application to societies registered under the Act

of 1896, not being collecting societies, shall be construed as one with the Friendly Societies Acts 1896 to 1958; and

(c) in its application to societies registered under the Act

of 1965, shall be construed as one with that Act.

(5) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

2 Z 3*

1436

Ch. 55

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

Section 20(1K«).

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

Minor and Consequential Amendments

Friendly Sooetibs Act 1896 (c.25)

1. In section 29 (display of copy of last balance sheet and valuation report at registered office)—

(a) for the words " of the last quinquennial valuation " there

shall be substituted the words " a copy of the last report under section 28 of this Act on the condition of the society or branch or, where a report or reports are required under that section in respect of a particular business or particular businesses conducted by the society or branch, a copy of the last report under that section in respect of that business or in respect of each of those businesses, as the case may require "; and

(b) for the words "any special report of the auditors" there shall be substituted the words " the report of the auditors on the balance sheet *.

2. In section 30(1) (appointment of auditors and valuers by the Treasury), the words "audits and" and "auditors and" shall be omitted, and for the words "approved auditors and" there shall be substituted the word "public "

3. In section 16 (registry of societies assuring annuities), for the words from " the actuary " to " five years " there shall be substituted the words "an actuary who is qualified in accordance with regulations made under section 16 of the Friendly and Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1968 to make a valuation under section 28 of this Act

4. In section 39 (obligation to supply to members a copy of the last annual return or a balance sheet or other document containing the same particulars as that return), for paragraph ( )there shall be substituted the following paragraph—

" (b) a balance sheet or other document duly audited containing the same particulars relating to the affairs of the society or branch as are contained in the annual return."

5. In section 100 (evidence of documents), for the words " approved auditor or " there shall be substituted the word "public

6. In Schedule 1, in paragraph 6 (rules of societies registered under the Act to provide for annual returns), for the words from first " of " to " expenditure " there shall be substituted the words " relating to the affairs ".

7. In Schedule 1, for paragraph 10 (form of accounts in case of certain societies) there shall be substituted the following paragraph—

" 10. The keeping of proper accounts in accordance with the requirements of section 1 of the Friendly and Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1968, and the keeping separate account of the expenses of management and of all contributions and other moneys which may be applied to those expenses."

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

Ch. 55

1437

8. In Schedule 1, in paragraph 11 (rules of certain societies registered under the Act to provide for valuations of assets and liabilities), for the words from "a valuation" to the end of the paragraph, there shall be substituted the words " such periodic valuation or valuations (if any) of the assets and liabilities of the society as a whole, or of the assets and liabilities of the society in respect of any particular business or businesses conducted by the society, as may from time to time be required by law in the case of that society

Superannuation and other Trust Funds (Validation) Act 1927 (c.41)

9. In section 8 (provisions as to interpretation) the definitions of "Actuary" and "Auditor" shall be omitted, and the following definitions shall be inserted at the appropriate points in alphabetical order—

" * Actuary * means a person having such qualifications as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Chief Registrar and laid before Parliament;

* Auditor* means a person who is a qualified auditor for the purposes of the Friendly and Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1968:".

Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1965 (c.12)

10. In section 39 (annual returns), in subsection (2Xc) (period to be included in a society's annual return) for the words from " of the society's last annual return " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " with the date to which the society's last annual return was made up, whichever is the later, and ending—

(i) with the date of the last balance sheet published by the society

before the appropriate date; or

(ii) if the date of that balance sheet is earlier than 31st August immediately preceding the appropriate date or later than 31st January of the year in which the appropriate date falls, with 31st December immediately preceding the appropriate date".

and the following subsection shall be inserted after subsection (2)—

" (2a) For the purposes of paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of this section "the appropriate date", in relation to an annual return of a society, is 31st March of the year in which that return is required by subsection (1) of this section to be sent to the appropriate registrar or the date on which that return is so sent, whichever is the earlier."

11. In section 74 (general provisions as to interpretation), in the definition of "officer ", for the words from " approved '* to " audit " there shall be substituted the words "auditor appointed by the society in accordance with the requirements of the Friendly and Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1968 ".

2 Z 4*

SCH. 1

1438

SCH. 1 Section 20(1X6).

Section 20(2).

Ch. 55 Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

12. In Schedule 1. in paragraph 10 (rules of societies to provide for audit of accounts), for the words " approved auditors " there shall be substituted the words "auditors appointed by the society in accordance with the requirements of the Friendly and Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1968

SCHEDULE 2 Repeals

Chapter i Short Title Extent of Repeal

59 & 60 Vict. The Friendly Societies Section 2(2 Xo).

c. 25. Act 1896. In section 6 the words "or caused to be made by ". Section 26. In section 27(2), paragraphs (a) and (c). In section 28, subsection (1X6), the words " and calling or profession " in subsection (2) (б) , subsection (3), and the words " with the approval of the Treasury " in subsection (5). Section 30(2). In section 80(1) the word "approved ".

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c.8. The Industrial Assurance Act 1923. Section 15(2).

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 39. The Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act 1948. Sections 14 and 20.

1965 c. 12. The Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1965. Section 37. Section 38. Section 39(2Xu) and (6). In section 72(2) the words " or approved auditor ".

SCHEDULE 3

Transitional Provisions

1. Where after die commencement of this Act by virtue of subsection (8) of section 3 of this Act the provisions of that section do not apply in relation to any balance sheet published by an industrial and provident society, nothing in section 20(1X6) of this Act shall affect the operation in relation to that balance sheet and any copy of that balance sheet of section 37(4) of the Act of 1965.

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

CH. 55

1439

2. Where after the commencement of this Act neither subsection Sch. 3

(1) nor subsection (5) of section 4 of this Act applies to a society in

respect of any year of account, nothing in sections 11(8) and 20(1) of this Act shall affect the operation in relation to that society in respect of that year of account of the following provisions, in so far as they are applicable to that society, that is to say—

(a) sections 26(1) and 27(2Xc) of the Act of 1896;

(b) section 15(2) of the Industrial Assurance Act 1923; 1923 c. 8.

(c) section 14 of the Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies 1948 c. 39.

Act 1948; and

(d) sections 37(1) and (2) and 74 of the Act of 1965.

3. Where after the commencement of this Act neither subsection

(1) nor subsection (5) of section 4 of this Act applies to a society in respect of any year of account, nothing in section 20(1) of this Act shall affect the operation—

(a) of section 100 of the Act of 1896, in the case of a society registered under that Act, or

(b) of section 72(2) of the Act of 1965, in the case of a society registered under that Act,

in relation to documents purporting to be signed by the approved auditor to whom the accounts of that society for that year of account are submitted for audit under section 26(1) of the Act of 1896 or under section 37(1) of the Act of 1965, as the case may be.

4. For the purpose of—

(a) the application to any society, in the circumstances mentioned

in paragraph 2 of this Schedule, of any of the provisions mentioned in that paragraph, and

(b) the operation, in the circumstances mentioned in paragraph

3 of this Schedule, of section 100 of the Act ot 1896 or section 72(2) of the Act of 1965 in relation to documents purporting to be signed by an approved auditor,

any person who is at the commencement of this Act an approved auditor appointed by the Treasury under section 30 of the Act of 1896 or under section 38 of the Act of 1965 shall continue to be an approved auditor subject to the conditions (including the conditions as to termination of his appointment) on wluch he was appointed.

5. Where after the commencement of this Act by virtue of subsection (8) of section 9 of this Act the provisions of that section do not have effect so as to impose any duties or confer any rights upon the auditors appointed in respect of any year of account of a society, then—

(a) in respect of that year of account nothing in section 20(1X6) of tins Act shall affect the operation of section 26(2) of the Act of 1896 and section 37(3) of the Act of 1965, in so far as either of those provisions is applicable to the auditors of that society, in relation to the rights and duties of those auditors; and

1440

Ch. 55

Friendly and Industrial and

Provident Societies Act 1968

Sch. 3

(b) in respect of that year of account and the year of account immediately following that year of account nothing in section 20(1 Xa) of this Act shall affect the operation of section 29 of the Act of 1896, in so far as it is applicable to that society, in relation to the obligation of that society to display the report of the auditors on its last annual balance sheet

6. Where after the commencement of this Act by virtue of subsection (7) of section 11 of this Act the provisions of that section do not have effect in relation to any annual return of a society, then—

(a) nothing in section 20(1 X<*) of this Act shall affect the operation in relation to that annual return of section 39 of the Act of 1896, in so far as it is applicable to that return; and

(b) nothing in sections 11(8) and 20(1 X^) of this Act shall affect the operation in relation to that annual return of section 27(2Xfl) and (c) of the Act of 1896 and section 39(2Xu) and (b) of the Act of 1965, in so far as either of those provisions is applicable to that return.

Ch. S6

1441

Swaziland Independence Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 56

An Act to make provision for, and in connection with, the attainment by Swaziland of fully responsible status within the Commonwealth.

[26th July 1968]

r-T

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. On 6th September 1968 (in this Act referred to as " the Fully appointed day ") Swaziland shall cease to be a protected state; and on and after that day Her Majesty shall have no jurisdiction Swaziland, over Swaziland.

2.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Act, on and Operation of after the appointed day all law which, whether being a rule of ,aw* law or a provision of an Act of Parliament or of any other enactment or instrument whatsoever, is in force on that day or has been passed or made before that day and comes into force thereafter, shall, unless and until provision to the contrary is made by Parliament or some other authority having power in that behalf, have the same operation in relation to Swaziland, and persons and things belonging to or connected with Swaziland, as it would have apart from this subsection if there had been no change in the status of Swaziland on the appointed day.

(2) Part I of the Schedule to this Act (which relates to enactments applicable to Commonwealth countries having fully responsible status) and Part II of that Schedule (which relates to enactments excepted from the operation of the preceding subsection) shall have effect on and after the appointed day in relation to the enactments therein mentioned; but that Schedule shall not extend to Swaziland as part of its law.

(3) Subsection (1) of this section applies to law of, or of any part of, the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands and the Isle

1442

Ch. 56

Swaziland Independence Act 1968

Consequential modifications of British Nationality Acts.

1948 c. 56.

.1.1965 No. 1864.

.I. 1967 No. 247.

1967 c. 4.

Retention of citizenship of United

Kingdom and Colonies by certain citizens of Swaziland.

of Man, and, in relation only to any enactment of the Parliament of the United Kingdom or any Order in Council made by virtue of any such enactment whereby any such enactment applies in relation to Swaziland, to law of any other country or territory to which that enactment or Order extends.

3w—(1) The British Nationality Acts 1948 to 1965 shall have effect on and after the appointed day as if—

(a) in section 1(3) of the British Nationality Act 1948

(Commonwealth countries having separate citizenship) there were added at the end the words " and Swaziland ", and

(b) in Article 9(1) of the British Protectorates, Protected

States and Protected Persons Order 1965, as amended by the British Protectorates, Protected States and Protected Persons (Amendment) Order 1967, the words "and to Swaziland", and in Schedule 3 to the said Order of 1965, as so amended, the entry relating to Swaziland, were omitted.

(2) Except as provided by section 4 of this Act, any person who immediately before the appointed day is a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies shall on that day cease to be such a citizen if on that day he is a citizen of Swaziland.

(3) Section 6(2) of the British Nationality Act 1948 (registration as citizens of the United Kingdom and Colonies of women who have been married to such citizens) shall not apply to a woman by virtue of her marriage to a person who on the appointed day ceases to be such a citizen under subsection (2) of this section, or who would have done so if living on the appointed day.

(4) Nothing in subsection (1) of this section shall affect the meaning of " protected state " in any law or instrument passed or made before the passing of this Act, not being a law or instrument contained in or made under any of the British Nationality Acts 1948 to 1965.

(5) In accordance with section 3(3) of the West Indies Act 1967, it is hereby declared that this and the next following section extend to all associated states.

4.—(1) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, a person shall not cease to be a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies under section 3(2) of this Act if he. his father or his father’s father—

(a) was bom in the United Kingdom or in a colony or an associated state; or

Swaziland Independence Act 1968

Ch. 56

1443

(b) is or was a person naturalised in the United Kingdom

and Colonies; or

(c) was registered as a citizen of the United Kingdom and

Colonies; or

(d) became a British subject by reason of the annexation of any territory included in a colony.

(2) A person shall not cease to be a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies under the said section 3(2) if either—

(a) he was bom in a protectorate or protected state, or

(b) his father or his father's father was so bom and is or at

any time was a British subject

(3) A woman who is the wife of a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies shall not cease to be such a citizen under the said section 3(2) unless her husband does so.

(4) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, the reference in subsection (l)(h) of this section to a person naturalised in the United Kingdom and Colonies shall include a person who would, if living immediately before the commencement of the British Nationality Act 1948, have become a person naturalised 1948 c. 56. in the United Kingdom and Colonies by virtue of section 32(6)

of that Act (persons given local naturalisation in a colony or protectorate before the commencement of that Act).

(5) In this section—

(a) references to a colony shall be construed as not in-

cluding any territory which, .on the appointed day, is not a colony for the purposes of the British Nationality Act 1948 as that Act has effect on that day, and

(b) references to a protectorate or protected state shall be

construed as not including any territory which, on the appointed day, is not a protectorate or a protected state (as the case may be) for the purposes of that Act as it has effect on that day, and accordingly do not include Swaziland;

and subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to a person by virtue of any certificate of naturalisation granted or registration effected by the Governor or Government of a territory which by virtue of this subsection is excluded from references in this section to a colony, protectorate or protected state.

(6) Part III of the British Nationality Act 1948 (supplemental provisions) as in force at the passing of this Act shall have effect for the purposes of this section as if this section were included in that Act.

1444

Pending appeals to Her Majesty in Council.

1833 c. 41.

Provisions as to Orders in Council and other

instruments.

Ch. 56 Swaziland Independence Act 1968

5. —(1) Her Majesty may by Older in Council confer on the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council such jurisdiction in respect of appeals to Her Majesty in Council from the Swaziland Court of Appeal, being appeals which are pending immediately before the appointed day, and in which the records have been registered in the Office of the Privy Council before that day. as appears to Her Majesty to be appropriate for giving effect to any arrangements to which this subsection applies.

(2) The preceding subsection applies to any arrangements made (whether before, on or after die appointed day) between Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom and the Government of Swaziland for any such appeals to be continued before and disposed of by the said Committee.

(3) An Order in Council under this section may, if the arrangements so require, direct that any appeal continued before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council under this section shall abate on a date specified in the Order unless it has been heard by the Committee before that date; and an Order containing such a direction may contain provisions to facilitate the hearing of any such appeal before that date, including provisions as to the sittings of the said Committee and provisions for expediting the steps to be taken by the parties preliminary to the hearing of an appeal.

(4) An Order in Council under this section may determine the practice and procedure to be followed on any appeal continued before the said Committee under this section, and in particular may provide for the form of any report or recommendation to be made by that Committee in the exercise of the jurisdiction conferred on the Committee under this section, and for its transmission to such authority in Swaziland as may be specified in the Order.

(5) Except so far as otherwise provided by an Order in Council under this section, and subject to such modifications as may be so provided, the Judicial Committee Act 1833 shall apply in relation to appeals continued before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council under this section as it applied in relation to those appeals before the appointed day.

6. —(1) An Order in Council or other instrument made under any Act of Parliament passed before the appointed day, other than this Act, which varies or revokes a previous Order in Council or instrument in consequence of the change in status of Swaziland taking effect on the appointed day, and any Order in Council under section 5 of this Act, may, if made after the appointed day, be made so as to take effect on the appointed day.

Swaziland Independence Act 1968

Ch. 56

1445

(2) An Order in Council under section 5 of this Act—

(a) may contain such transitional or other incidental or

supplemental provisions as appear to Her Majesty to be necessary or expedient;

(b) may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in

Council; and

(c) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolu-

tion of either House of Parliament.

7. —(1) In this Act, and in any amendment made by this Act interpretation, in any other enactment, " Swaziland " means the territory which immediately before the appointed day constitutes the Kingdom

of Swaziland.

(2) References in this Act to any enactment are references to that enactment as amended or extended by or under any other enactment.

8. This Act may be cited as the Swaziland Independence Act Short title. 1968.

1446

Section 2.

1952 c. 10.

1952 c. 18. 1961 c. 11.

1958 c. 6.

1955 c. 18. 1955 c. 19. 1957 c. 53.

1933 c. 6.

1931 c. 4 (22 & 23 Geo. 5.). 1952 c. 67.

1963 c. 41.

Ch. 56 Swaziland Independence Act 1968

SCHEDULE Amendments not Affecting the Law of Swaziland Part I

Extension of Certain Enactments Afplicable to

Commonwealth Countries having Fully Responsible Status

Diplomatic immunities

1. In section 461 of the Income Tax Act 1952 (exemption from income tax in the case of certain Commonwealth representatives and their staffs)—

(a) in subsection (2) before the words "for any state" there shall be inserted the words " or Swaziland ";

(b) in subsection (3), before the words " and * Agent-General * " there shall be inserted the words " or Swaziland ".

2. In section 1(6) of the Diplomatic Immunities (Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act 1952, before the word "and " in the last place where it occurs there shall be inserted the word "Swaziland ".

3. In section 1(5) of the Diplomatic Immunities (Conferences with Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act 1961, before the word "and" in the last place where it occurs there shall be inserted the word "Swaziland *’.

Financial

4. In section 2(4) of the Import Duties Act 1958, before the words "together with" there shall be inserted the word "Swaziland".

Armed forces

5. In the definitions of " Commonwealth force " in section 225(1) of the Army Act 1955 and section 223(1) of the Air Force Act 1955, and in the definition of "Commonwealth country" in section 135(1) of the Naval Discipline Act 1957, at the end there shall be added the words " or Swaziland ".

6. In the Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth) Act 1933, section 4 (attachment and mutual powers of command) shall apply in relation to forces raised in Swaziland as it applies in relation to forces raised in Dominions within the meaning of the Statute of Westminster 1931.

7. In the Visiting Forces Act 1952, in section l(l)(a) (countries to which that Act applies), at the end there shall be added the words " Swaziland or ", and, until express provision with respect to Swaziland is made by Order in Council under section 8 of that Act (application to visiting forces of law relating to home forces), any such Order for the time being in force shall be deemed to apply to visiting forces of Swaziland.

8. —(1) In section 84(2) of the Offices, Shops and Railway Premises Act 1963 (exclusion of application to visiting forces) before the words " and any country " there shall be inserted the word "Swaziland ".

Swaziland Independence Act 1968

Ch. 56

1447

(2) In section 78(2) of the Office and Shop Premises Act (Northern 1966c. 26 (N.I.). Ireland) 1966 (exclusion of application to visiting forces) before

the words 44and any country" there shall be inserted the word 44 Swaziland

(3) For the purposes of section 6 of the Government of Ireland 1920 c. 67.

Act 1920 (conflict of laws) the last preceding sub-paragraph shall

be deemed to be contained in an Act passed before the day appointed for the purposes of that section.

Copyright

9. If the Copyright Act 1911, so far as in force in the law of 1911 c. 46. Swaziland, is repealed or amended by that law at a time when sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 39 of Schedule 7 to the Copyright

Act 1956 (which applies certain provisions of that Act in relation 1956 c. 74. to countries to which the said Act of 1911 extended) is in force in relation to Swaziland, the said sub-paragraph (2) shall thereupon cease to have effect in relation thereto.

Commonwealth Institute

10. In section 8(2) of the Imperial Institute Act 1925, as amended 1925 c. cvii. by the Commonwealth Institute Act 1958 (power to vary the pro- 1958 c. 16. visions of the said Act of 1925 if an agreement for the purpose is

made with the governments of certain territories which for the time being are contributing towards the expenses of the Commonwealth Institute), at the end there shall be added the words 44 and Swaziland ".

Part n

Exceptions from Section 2(1)

11. Section 2(1) of this Act shall not apply—

(a) to the Army Act 1955, the Air Force Act 1955 or the 1955 c. 18.

Naval Discipline Act 1957, or 1955 c. 19.

(b) to the Fugitive Offenders Act 1967. 1957 c-53-

1967 c. 68.

12. Notwithstanding anything in section 2(1) of this Act, the Colonial Development and Welfare Act 1959 shall not apply in 1959 c. 71. relation to Swaziland as if it were a colony within the meaning of

that Act

1448

Ch. 57

Overseas Aid Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 57

An Act to enable effect to be given to international arrangements for the making of contributions and other payments to the International Development Association and for the making of contributions to any international financial institution established for promoting the economic development of any region of the world; to enable Her Majesty’s Government to implement undertakings, given under an international agreement with respect to the Asian Development Bank, to be responsible for the obligations of certain members of the Bank; and to make further provision with respect to the Overseas Service Pensions Scheme.

[26th July 1968]

Be rr enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Additional contributions to the

International

Development

Association.

1.—(1) In this section—

"the Association" means the International Development Association established by the Agreement;

" the Agreement " means the Articles of Agreement of the International Development Association dated 29th January 1960 and accepted on behalf of Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom on 14th September 1960; and

" the resolution " means any resolution (whether adopted before or after the passing of this Act) of the Board of Governors of the Association in the terms set out in Annex A to the report, dated 8th March 1968, of the Executive Directors to the Board of Governors

Overseas Aid Act 1968

Ch. 57

1449

on Additions to IDA Resources; Second Replenishment (particulars of which report, including the annexes thereto were laid before Parliament by command of Her Majesty on 2nd May 1968).

(2) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament all sums required by the Minister of Overseas Development for the following purposes, that is to say—

(a) making on behalf of Her Majesty’s Government in the

United Kingdom the payment of additional contributions in accordance with paragraphs (b), (d) and (e) of the resolution;

(b) making as aforesaid any payment under paragraph (a)

of section 2 of Article IV of the Agreement (falls in the par or foreign exchange value of currencies of members), as applied by the resolution, which may become payable in respect of any such additional contributions;

(c) redeeming any such non-interest-bearing and non-

negotiable notes or other obligations as may be issued or created by him and accepted by the Association in accordance with paragraph (e) of section 2 of Article II of the Agreement as applied by the resolution.

(3) Section 2(4) of the International Development Association 1960 c. 35. Act 1960 (power of Treasury to create and issue such notes or

other obligations and charging of sums payable thereunder) shall cease to have effect except as respects any notes or other obligations created before the passing of this Act

(4) In section 2(3) of the said Act of 1960 (payment into Exchequer of sums received by Her Majesty’s Government in pursuance of the Agreement) the reference to the Agreement shall include a reference to any provisions of the Agreement as applied by the resolution.

(5) If Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom becomes bound by arrangements for the making of additional payments to the Association, the Minister of Overseas Development may with the approval of the Treasury by order made by statutory instrument provide for the payment out of moneys provided by Parliament of any sums required by him for any of the following purposes, that is to say—

(a) making on behalf of Her Majesty’s said Government

additional payments to the Association in accordance with the arrangements;

(b) making as aforesaid any payment which may become

payable under paragraph (a) of section 2 of Article IV of the Agreement, as applied by the arrangements;

1450

Ch. 57

Overseas Aid Act 1968

(c) redeeming any non-interest-bearing and non-negotiable notes or other obligations which may be issued or created by him and accepted by the Association in accordance with the arrangements or any provision of the Agreement applied by the arrangements;

and provide for the payment into the Consolidated Fund of sums received by Her Majesty's said Government in pursuance of the Agreement as so applied.

(6) An order under subsection (5) above may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order thereunder.

(7) An order under subsection (5) above shall not be made unless a draft of the order has been laid before and approved by the House of Commons.

Regional 2.—(1) If Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom

development becomes bound, whether before or after the passing of this Act, banks. by an international agreement for the establishment and opera-

tion of a regional development bank which provides for the making by members of the bank of an initial subscription or other initial contribution to the capital stock of the bank or becomes bound by any arrangements for the making by the members of additional contributions to the capital stock of any such bank, the Minister of Overseas Development may with the approval of the Treasury by order made by statutory instrument make provision—

(a) for the payment out of moneys provided by Parliament

of sums required by him for the purpose of making, on behalf of Her Majesty's said Government in accordance with the agreement or arrangements, a payment of any such initial or additional contribution or a payment to maintain the value of any such contribution which has already been paid;

(b) for the payment out of such moneys of sums required

to enable him to redeem any non-interest-bearing and non-negotiable notes or other obligations which may be issued or created by him and accepted by the bank in accordance with the agreement or arrangements;

(c) for the payment into the Consolidated Fund of sums

received by Her Majesty’s said Government in pursuance of any such agreement or arrangements.

(2) In this section " regional development bank'' means an international financial institution having as one of its objects the promotion of the economic development of any region of the world.

Overseas Aid Act 1968

Ch. 57

1451

(3) An order under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order thereunder.

(4) An order under this section shall not be made unless a draft of the order has been laid before and approved by the House of Commons.

3. —(1) Subject to the provisions of subsection (2) below. Guarantees there shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any ^e°Mnder sums which may be required by the Minister of Overseas Do- SeveSpraent velopment for making on behalf of Her Majesty's Govern- Bank ment in the United Kingdom payments in fulfilment of any Agreement undertaking given by that Government in pursuance of paragraph 3 of Article 3 of the Asian Development Bank Agreement (undertaking by a member of the Asian Development Bank to

be responsible for obligations under the Agreement of another member for whose external relations the first-mentioned member is responsible).

(2) The aggregate amount of the sums which may be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament under subsection (1) above shall not exceed £5,000,000 or such greater sum as may , from time to time be specified in an order made by statutory instrument by the Minister of Overseas Development with the approval of the Treasury.

(3) An order under this section shall not be made unless a draft of the order has been laid before and approved by die House of Commons.

(4) Any sums paid to Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom in repayment of any payment mentioned in subsection (1) above shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.

(5) In this section "the Asian Development Bank Agreement" means the Agreement providing for the establishment and operation of an international body called the Asian Development Bank which was signed on behalf of Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom on 4th December 1965 and copies of which were presented to Parliament on 5th May 1966.

4. —(1) The following provisions of this section shall have The Overseas effect with respect to the Overseas Service Pensions Scheme ^ervice established by virtue of section 7 of the Overseas Aid Act 1966

instead of the corresponding provisions of that section. 1966 c 21

(2) The purpose of the Scheme shall be the provision out of the Overseas Service Pensions Fund so established of pensions in respect of the service of persons from the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man or the Republic of Ireland, being—

Ch. 57

Overseas Aid Act 1968

(a) service after the commencement of the scheme in an overseas territory in approved employment under or by an approved authority or body corporate established in that territory or an authority or body corporate so established of an approved class; or

(b) service after the commencement of the scheme, whether in the United Kingdom or an overseas territory, in employment by Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom on terms that the person employed will serve from time to time in an overseas territory under an authority or body corporate established in that territory;

and the scheme shall provide for the making by participants in the scheme of such contributions as may be determined under the scheme.

(3) Regulations under section 7 of the Overseas Aid Act 1966 may provide for securing that—

(a) where a participant in the scheme leaves any employ-

ment mentioned in subsection (2) above and, within such period as may be determined by the Minister, enters service in other employment which is approved employment, so much as may be prescribed of the period of that service and of the period beginning with his leaving the employment so mentioned and ending with his entering that service shall be treated for the purposes of the scheme as if it were a period of service in respect of which a pension is payable;

(b) where any such participant leaves any employment so

mentioned before reaching the age at which a pension may become payable under the scheme and without entering other employment which is approved employment, a prescribed period beginning with his leaving the employment so mentioned, shall, in such circumstances as may be prescribed, be treated for the purposes of the scheme as if it were a period of service in respect of which a pension is payable.

(4) The Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, out of moneys provided by Parliament, pay the whole, or a proportion determined under regulations made under section 7 of the Overseas Aid Act 1966, of any contribution payable under the scheme by a person as a participant therein, or by such a person as aforesaid of a class so determined.

(5) In this section—

" approved " means approved by the Minister for the purposes of the scheme;

Overseas Aid Act 1968

Ch. 57

1453

" overseas territory " means any territory or country outside the United Kingdom;

" participant ", in relation to the scheme, means a person in respect of whose service a pension may become payable under die scheme;

" pensions " includes allowances, gratuities and return of contributions, with or without interest thereon or any other addition thereto;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations under section

7 of the Overseas Aid Act 1966. 1966 c. 21.

(6) In section 7 of the Overseas Aid Act 1966, in subsection

(1) , the words from " for the purpose " onwards and subsections

(2) to (4) (being the provisions corresponding to subsections (2) to (5) above) shall cease to have effect, but any regulations in force immediately before the passing of this Act and having effect by virtue of the provisions repealed by this subsection shall, so far as they could have been made by virtue of this section, have effect as if so made.

5. This Act may be cited as the Overseas Aid Act 1968. Short title.

International Monetary Fund Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 58

Effect of

participation

in Special

Drawing

Account

by U.K.

Government.

An Act to enable effect to be given to certain amendments of the Articles of Agreement of the International Monetary Fund, and for purposes connected therewith.

hereas it is proposed to make certain amendments of the

Articles of Agreement of the International Monetary

Fund for the purpose, among other things, of enabling special drawing rights to be used by members of the Fund who participate in the Special Drawing Account for which provision is included in the proposed amendments:

And whereas the text of the proposed amendments was laid before Parliament by command of Her Majesty in June 1968: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) If the amendments aforesaid are made and Her Majesty ’s Government in the United Kingdom becomes a participant in die said Special Drawing Account, the following provisions of this section shall have effect.

(2) The purposes for which the Exchange Equalisation Account is to be used shall include the purpose of carrying out any of the functions of the Government under the amendments; and accordingly—

(a) any special drawing rights received or disposed of by

the Government in pursuance of the amendments shall, in the case of receipts, be treated as assets of the Account and, in the case of disposals, be transferred from the Account;

(b) the Treasury may cause any funds in the Account to be

invested in the acquisition of special drawing rights in pursuance of the amendments; and

[26th July 1968]

International Monetary Fund Act 1968

Ch. 58

1455

(c) in section 24(7) of the Finance Act 1932 (under which the 1932 c. 25. Comptroller and Auditor-General is required to ascertain and certify annually whether the Account is being operated in accordance with Part IV of that Act) the references to that Part shall include references to this subsection.

(3) In subsection (2) of this section,—

" the Account " means the Exchange Equalisation Account;

" the amendments " means the amendments mentioned in subsection (1) of this section; and

"the Government" means Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom.

2. This Act may be cited as the International Monetary Fund Short title.

Act 1968.

3 A

Ch. 59

1457

Hovercraft Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 59

An Act to make further provision with respect to hovercraft.

[26th July 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—<1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council make such Power to provision as She considers expedient— make Orders

. , , _ in fVmnfril

(a) with respect to the registration of hovercraft; wth respect to

(b) for securing the safety of hovercraft and persons and hovercraft, property in hovercraft and at hoverports, and for preventing hovercraft from endangering other persons and property;

(c) for prohibiting or restricting the use of hovercraft unless the prescribed certificates as to fitness are in force and the prescribed conditions as to maintenance and repair are satisfied with respect to them;

(d) for prohibiting persons from taking charge or otherwise acting as members of the crew of a hovercraft or from engaging in or being employed in connection with the maintenance or repair of hovercraft, in such capacities as may be prescribed, unless the prescribed conditions as to qualifications and other matters are satisfied with respect to those persons;

(e) with respect to the investigation of accidents involving hovercraft;

(/) for regulating the noise and vibration which may be caused by hovercraft;

(g) for providing that no action shall lie, and no proceedings

in pursuance of the Noise Abatement Act 1960 shall be i960 c. 68. brought, in respect of nuisance by reason only of noise

3 A 2

1458

Ch. 59

Hovercraft Act 1968

1961 c. 27.

1962 c. 43.

1924 c. 22. 1894 c. 60.

and vibration caused by hovercraft in respect of which the requirements imposed in pursuance of paragraph (/) above are complied with;

(h) for-applying in relation to hovercraft or to persons, things or places connected with hovercraft—

(i) any enactment or instrument relating to ships, aircraft, motor vehicles or other means of transport or to persons, things or places connected therewith (other than an enactment or an instrument made under an enactment mentioned in paragraph (i) below or section 2(1) of this Act),

(ii) any rules of law relating to ships or to persons, things or places connected with ships (other than rules relating to maritime liens),

and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, for providing that any enactment (other than an enactment mentioned as aforesaid) shall have effect as if references in it, in whatever terms, to ships, aircraft or motor vehicles or activities connected therewith included references to hovercraft or activities connected with hovercraft;

(i) for applying the following enactments, and any instrument

made under them, in relation to the following matters respectively, that is to say—

(i) in relation to the carriage of persons and their baggage by hovercraft, the Carriage by Air Act 1961 and the Carriage by Air (Supplementary Provisions) Act 1962,

(ii) in relation to the carriage of property by hovercraft (except baggage in relation to which provisions of the Acts aforesaid are applied), the Carriage of Goods by Sea Act 1924 and Part VIII of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 so far as that Part relates to property on board a ship,

(iii) in relation to loss of life or personal injury connected with a hovercraft which is caused to persons not carried by the hovercraft, in relation to loss or damage connected with a hovercraft which is caused to property not carried by the hovercraft and in relation to infringements of rights through acts or omissions connected with a hovercraft, the said Part VIII;

(/) for substituting references to hovercraft for references in any enactment or instrument to vehicles designed to be supported on a cushion of air;

Hovercraft Act 1968

Ch. 59

1459

(fc) for repealing the provisions of any enactment or instrument (including provisions of the Schedule to this Act) in so far as it appears to Her Majesty that those provisions are not required having regard to any provision made or proposed to be made by virtue of this section;

(/) with respect to the application of the Order to the Crown and the extra-territorial operation of any provision made by or under the Order;

(m) for the extension of any provisions of the Order, with or without modifications, to Northern Ireland, any of the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man, any colony and any country or place outside Her Majesty’s dominions in which for the time being Her Majesty has jurisdiction;

(n) for imposing penalties in respect of any contravention of

a provision made by or under the Order, not exceeding, in respect of any one contravention, a fine of £400 on summary conviction and imprisonment for twelve months and a fine on conviction on indictment;

(o) for detaining any hovercraft in order to secure compliance

with any provision made by or under the Order or any hovercraft in respect of which such a contravention as aforesaid is suspected to have occurred; and

(p) for requiring the payment of fees in respect of any matter

relating to hovercraft which is specified in the Order and for determining with the approval of the Treasury the amount of any such fee or the manner in which that amount is to be determined.

(2) Nothing in any of the paragraphs of the foregoing subsection shall be construed as prejudicing the generality of any other of those paragraphs, and in particular paragraph (ri) shall not prejudice paragraph (h).

(3) An Order under this section may—

(a) make different provision for different circumstances or for hovercraft of different descriptions;

(h) provide for exemptions from any of the provisions of the Order;

(c) provide for the delegation of functions exercisable by virtue of the Order;

(d) include such incidental, supplemental and consequential

provisions as appear to Her Majesty to be expedient for the purposes of the Order;

(e) authorise the making of regulations and other instruments

for any of the purposes of this section (except the

3 A3

1460

1946 c. 36.

Admiralty

jurisdiction

etc.

1956 c. 46. 1959 c. 22.

1907 c. 51.

Ch. 59 Hovercraft Act 1968

purposes of paragraphs (g) to of subsection (1)) and apply the Statutory Instruments Act 1946 to instruments made under the Order;

(/) provide that any enactment, instrument or rule of law applied by the Order shall have effect as so applied subject to such modifications as may be specified in the Order; and

(g) be revoked or varied by a subsequent Order under this section.

(4) No recommendation shall be made to Her Majesty in Council to make an Order under this section containing provisions authorised by paragraphs (/) to (k) of subsection (1) unless a draft of the Order has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament; and any other Order in Council under this section, except an Order extending only to territory (other than Northern Ireland) which is mentioned in paragraph (m) of subsection (1), shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

2.—(1) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, the following enactments, that is to say. Parts I and V of the Administration of Justice Act 1956, Part I of Schedule 1 to that Act and sections 56, 57, 60, 61 and 70(6) of the County Courts Act 1959 (which among other things relate to Admiralty jurisdiction) shall have effect as if references to ships (except references to Her Majesty's ships and the reference in section 4(1) and the first reference in section 8(1) of the said Act of 1956 and the corresponding references in the said Schedule 1) included references to hovercraft and as if references to Her Majesty's ships included references to hovercraft belonging to the Crown in right of the Government of the United Kingdom or the Government of Northern Ireland; and section 4 of the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act 1907 (which relates to the jurisdiction of the sheriffs) shall apply in relation to hovercraft as it applies in relation to ships.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, the law relating to maritime hens shall apply in relation to hovercraft and property connected with hovercraft as it applies in relation to ships and property connected with ships, and shall so apply notwithstanding that the hovercraft is on land at any relevant time.

(3) Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide that the enactments mentioned in subsection (1) and the law mentioned in subsection (2) of this section as extended by those subsections shall not apply in relation to hovercraft in such circumstances as may be specified in the Order or shall have effect, in all circumstances involving hovercraft or such circumstances involving hovercraft as may be specified in the Order, subject to such

Hovercraft Act 1968

Ch. 59

1461

modifications as may be so specified; and subsection (3) of section 1 of this Act shall apply to an Order under this subsection as it applies to an Order under that section but as if paragraphs (c), (e) and (/) were omitted.

(4) No recommendation shall be made to Her Majesty in Council to make an Order under this section unless a draft of the Order has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(5) Nothing in subsection (1) of this section affects any Order in Council made before the passing of this Act under section 56 of the said Act of 1956 (which among other things provides for the application of Part I of that Act to the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man, the colonies and certain other territories) but nothing in this subsection shall be construed as prejudicing the powers to make Orders in Council under that section with respect to the said Part I or any of its provisions as extended by subsection (1) of this section; and the references in subsections (1) and (3) of that section to the said Part I shall include references to subsection (2) of this section.

(6) Subsection (1) of this section shall apply for the purposes of any proceedings begun on or after the date of the coming into operation of this section, whenever the cause of action arose, but shall not affect any proceedings begun before that date.

3. The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act Application

shall have effect subject to the modifications there specified (which to

provide for the application of those enactments in relation to hovercraft, hovercraft).

4. —(1) In this Act— Interpretation

" contravention " includes failure to comply; ctc-

" enactment " includes an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, an enactment contained in a local Act and an enactment contained in any Act passed after and in the same Session as this Act;

" hovercraft " means a vehicle which is designed to be supported when in motion wholly or partly by air expelled from the vehicle to form a cushion of which the boundaries include the ground, water or other surface beneath the vehicle;

" hoverport " means any area, whether on land or elsewhere, which is designed, equipped, set apart or commonly used for affording facilities for the arrival and departure of hovercraft;

" modifications " includes additions, omissions and amendments; and

3A4

1462

Ch. 59

Hovercraft Act

Northern

Ireland.

Financial

provisions.

Short title and commencement

" prescribed " means prescribed by an Order in Council under section 1 of this Act or by an instrument made under such an Order.

(2) Subject to section 2(5) of this Act, any reference in this Act to any enactment or instrument is a reference to it as amended, and includes a reference to it as applied, by or under any other enactment.

(3) Except as otherwise provided by or under this Act or an enactment passed before the date of the passing of this Act, a hovercraft shall not be treated as being a ship, aircraft or motor vehicle for the purposes of any such enactment or any instrument having effect by virtue of any such enactment.

5. —(1) Nothing in this Act restricts the power of the Parliament of Northern Ireland to make laws, and any laws made by that Parliament in the exercise of that power shall have effect notwithstanding anything in this Act.

(2) No recommendation shall be made to Her Majesty in Council to make an Order under this Act containing provisions which extend to Northern Ireland and relate to matters in respect of which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws unless a draft of those provisions has been approved by a resolution of each House of that Parliament.

(3) The reference to the Treasury in paragraph (p) of section 1(1) of this Act shall be construed as a reference to the Ministry of Finance for Northern Ireland in relation to the fees to be specified in any provision to be made by virtue of that paragraph so far as the provision is to extend to Northern Ireland and relate to matters in respect of which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws.

6. —(1) Any expenses incurred or sums received under this Act by any Minister of the Crown or government department (except the Postmaster General) shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament or paid into the Consolidated Fund, as the case may be.

(2) Any increase attributable to this Act in the sums which, under any other enactment, are payable out of or into the Consolidated Fund or the National Loans Fund or out of moneys provided by Parliament shall be paid out of or into that Fund or out of moneys so provided, as the case may be.

7. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Hovercraft Act 1968.

(2) This Act, except section 4(3), shall come into operation on the expiration of the period of one month beginning with the date on which it is passed, and section 4(3) of this Act shall come into operation on such date as the Board of Trade may appoint by order made by statutory instrument.

Hovercraft Act 1968

Ch. 59

1463

SCHEDULE Section 3.

Modifications of enactments

1. In the following enactments, that is to say—

(a) the definition of "vessel." in section 2 of the Dockyard Port 1865 c. 125.

Regulation Act 1865;

(b) the Petroleum (Consolidation) Act 1928; 1928 c. 32.

(c) the Petroleum (Consolidation) Act (Northern Ireland) 1929; 1929 c. 13 (N.I.).

(d) section 32(5) of the British Nationality Act 1948; 1948 c. 56.

(e) section 2(1) of the Docking and Nicking of Horses Act 1949; 1949 c. 70. and

(/) the Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1962, 1962 c. 21.

any reference to a ship shall include a reference to a hovercraft, and

any reference to the master of a ship in the said Acts of 1928, 1929

and 1962 and section 5 of the Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1968 1968 c. 9.

shall be construed accordingly; and in section 10 of the said Acts of

1928 and 1929 the references to aircraft shall include references to

hovercraft.

2. In the Explosives Act 1875, any reference to a ship shall include 1875 c. 17. a reference to a hovercraft used at sea and any reference to a boat

shall include a reference to any other hovercraft used in a harbour or on inland water within the meaning of that Act, so however that in the definition of "magazine " in section 108 the reference to any ship shall include a reference to any hovercraft.

3. In section 23(1) of the Prevention of Damage by Pests Act 1949 1949 c. 55. and section 6 of the Pests Act 1954, any reference to a vessel shall 1954 c. 68. include a reference to a hovercraft.

4. In the following enactments, that is to say—

(a) section 19(1) of the Road Traffic Act 1962; 1962 c. 59.

(b) section 29(1) of the Road Traffic Act (Northern Ireland) 1964; 1964 c. 20'(NJ.)

(c) section 10(9) of the Finance Act 1966; 1966 c. 18.

(d) section 101(1) of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967; and 1967 c. 76.

(e) section 13(4) of the Sea Fisheries (Shellfish) Act 1967, 1967 c. 83.

for the words " vehicle designed to be supported on a cushion of air "

there shall be substituted the words " hovercraft within the meaning of the Hovercraft Act 1968 ".

5. In section 57(1) of the Harbours Act 1964, in the definition of 1964 c. 40.

* ship ", for the words from " hover vehicles " onwards there shall be substituted the words " hovercraft within the meaning of the Hovercraft Act 1968 ".

6. In section 1(3) of the Drugs (Prevention of Misuse) Act 1964,1964 c. 64. the references to a medical store-carrying ship shall include references

to a hovercraft used in such circumstances as the Secretary of State may specify by order made by statutory instrument, and the reference to the master of such a ship shall be construed accordingly.

3 A*

1464

Ch. 59

Hovercraft Act 1968

1966 c. 34. 7. In section 13(1) of the Industrial Development Act 1966 and

1966 c. 41 (N.I.). section 14(1) of the Industrial Investment (General Assistance) Act (Northern Ireland) 1966, in the definition of "hover vehicle ", for the words from " a vehicle " onwards there shall be substituted the words "a hovercraft within the meaning of the Hovercraft Act 1968 and includes part of such a hovercraft

Ch. 60

1465

Theft Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 60

An Act to revise the law of England and Wales as to theft and similar or associated offences, and in connection therewith to make provision as to criminal proceedings by one party to a marriage against the other, and to make certain amendments extending beyond England and Wales in the Post Office Act 1953 and other enactments; and for other purposes connected therewith.

[26th July 1968]

Bb rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Definition of " theft

1.—(1) A person is guilty of theft if he dishonestly appro- Basic priates property belonging to another with the intention of definition permanently depriving the other of it; and " thief " and " steal " of tbcft* shall be construed accordingly.

(2) It is immaterial whether the appropriation is made with a view to gain, or is made for the thief s own benefit

(3) The five following sections of this Act shall have effect as regards the interpretation and operation of this section (and, except as otherwise provided by this Act, shall apply only for purposes of this section).

2.—(1) A person’s appropriation of property belonging to " Dis-another is not to be regarded as dishonest— honestly ".

(a) if he appropriates the property in the belief that he has in law the right to deprive the other of it, on behalf of himself or of a third person; or

3 A* 2

1466

Ch. 60

Theft Act 1968

" Appropriates

" Property

(b) if he appropriates the property in the belief that he

would have the others consent if the other knew of the appropriation and the circumstances of it; or

(c) (except where the property came to him as trustee or

personal representative) if he appropriates the property in the belief that the person to whom the property belongs cannot be discovered by taking reasonable steps.

(2) A person’s appropriation of property belonging to another may be dishonest notwithstanding that he is willing to pay for the property.

3. —(1) Any assumption by a person of the rights of an owner amounts to an appropriation, and this includes, where he has come by the property (innocently or not) without stealing it, any later assumption of a right to it by keeping or dealing with it as owner.

(2) Where property or a right or interest in property is or purports to be transferred for value to a person acting in good faith, no later assumption by him of rights which he believed himself to be acquiring shall, by reason of any defect in the transferor’s title, amount to theft of the property.

4. —(1) " Property " includes money and all other property, real or personal, including things in action and other intangible property.

(2) A person cannot steal land, or things forming part of land and severed from it by him or by his directions, except in the following cases, that is to say—

(a) when he is a trustee or personal representative, or is authorised by power of attorney, or as liquidator of a company, or otherwise, to sell or dispose of land belonging to another, and he appropriates the land or anything forming part of it by dealing with it in breach of the confidence reposed in him; or

(6) when he is not in possession of the land and appropriates anything forming part of the land by severing it or causing it to be severed, or after it has been severed; or

(c) when, being in possession of the land under a tenancy, he appropriates the whole or part of any fixture or structure let to be used with the land.

For purposes of this subsection "land" does not include incorporeal hereditaments; "tenancy" means a tenancy for years or any less period and includes an agreement for such a

Theft Act 1968

Ch. 60

1467

tenancy, but a person who after the end of a tenancy remains in possession as statutory tenant or otherwise is to be treated as having possession under the tenancy, and "let" shall be construed accordingly.

(3) A person who picks mushrooms growing wild on any land, or who picks flowers, fruit or foliage from a plant growing wild on any land, does not (although not in possession of the land) steal what he picks, unless he does it for reward or for sale or other commercial purpose.

For purposes of this subsection " mushroom " includes any fungus, and " plant " includes any shrub or tree.

(4) Wild creatures, tamed or untamed, shall be regarded as property; but a person cannot steal a wild creature not tamed nor ordinarily kept in captivity, or the carcase of any such creature, unless either it has been reduced into possession by or on behalf of another person and possession of it has not since been lost or abandoned, or another person is in course of reducing it into possession.

5.—(1) Property shall be regarded as belonging to any person " Belonging to having possession or control of it, or having in it any proprietary another right or interest (not being an equitable interest arising only from an agreement to transfer or grant an interest).

(2) Where property is subject to a trust, the persons to whom it belongs shall be regarded as including any person having a right to enforce the trust, and an intention to defeat the trust shall be regarded accordingly as an intention to deprive of the property any person having that right

(3) Where a person receives property from or on account of another, and is under an obligation to the other to retain and deal with that property or its proceeds in a particular way, the property or proceeds shall be regarded (as against him) as belonging to the other.

(4) Where a person gets property by another's mistake, and is under an obligation to make restoration (in whole or in part) of the property or its proceeds or of the value thereof, then to the extent of that obligation the property or proceeds shall be regarded (as against him) as belonging to the person entitled to restoration, and an intention not to make restoration shall be regarded accordingly as an intention to deprive that person of the property or proceeds.

(5) Property of a corporation sole shall be regarded as belonging to the corporation notwithstanding a vacancy in the corporation.

3 A* 3

1468

"With the intention of permanently depriving the other of it *.

Theft.

Robbery.

Burglary.

Ch. 60 Theft Act 1968

6. —(1) A person appropriating property belonging to another without meaning the other permanently to lose the thing itself is nevertheless to be regarded as having the intention of permanently depriving the other of it if his intention is to treat the thing as his own to dispose of regardless of the other’s rights; and a borrowing or lending of it may amount to so treating it if, but only if, the borrowing or lending is for a period and in circumstances making it equivalent to an outright taking or disposal.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) above, where a person, having possession or control (lawfully or not) of property belonging to another, parts with the property under a condition as to its return which he may not be able to perform, this (if done for purposes of his own and without the other’s authority) amounts to treating the property as his own to dispose of reganlless of the other’s rights.

Theft, robbery, , .

7. A person guilty of theft shall on conviction on indictment be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding ten years.

8. —(1) A person is guilty of robbery if he steals, and immediately before or at the time of doing so, and in order to do so, he uses force on any person or puts or seeks to put any person in fear of being then and there subjected to force.

(2) A person guilty of robbery, or of an assault with intent to rob, shall on conviction on indictment be liable to imprisonment for life.

9. —(1) A person is guilty of burglary if—

(a) he enters any building or part of a building as a trespasser and with intent to commit any such offence as is mentioned in subsection (2) below; or

(b) having entered any building or part of a building as a trespasser he steals or attempts to steal anything in the building or that part of it or inflicts or attempts to inflict on any person therein any grievous bodily harm.

(2) The offences referred to in subsection (l)(a) above are offences of stealing anything in the building or part of a building in question, of inflicting on any person therein any grievous bodily harm or raping any woman therein, and of doing unlawful damage to the building or anything therein.

(3) References in subsections (1) and (2) above to a building shall apply also to an inhabited vehicle or vessel, and shall

Theft Act 1968

Ch. 60

1469

apply to any such vehicle or vessel at times when the person having a habitation in it is not there as well as at times when he is.

(4) A person guilty of burglary shall on conviction on indictment be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding fourteen years.

10. —(1) A person is guilty of aggravated burglary if he Aggravated commits any burglary and at the time has with him any firearm burglary, or imitation firearm, any weapon of offence, or any explosive;

and for this purpose—

(a) " firearm " includes an airgun or air pistol, and

" imitation firearm " means anything which has the appearance of being a firearm, whether capable of being discharged or not; and

(b) " weapon of offence " means any article made or adapted

for use for causing injury to or incapacitating a person, or intended by the person having it with him for such use; and

(c) "explosive" means any article manufactured for the

purpose of producing a practical effect by explosion, or intended by the person having it with him for that purpose.

(2) A person guilty of aggravated burglary shall on conviction on indictment be liable to imprisonment for life.

11. —(1) Subject to subsections (2) and (3) below, where the Removal of

public have access to a building in order to view die building articles from or part of it, or a collection or part of a collection housed in 10

it, any person who without lawful authority removes from the p building or its grounds the whole or part of any article displayed

or kept for display to the public in the building or that part of it or in its grounds shall be guilty of an offence.

For this purpose "collection" includes a collection got together for a temporary purpose, but references in this section to a collection do not apply to a collection made or exhibited for the purpose of effecting sales or other commercial dealings.

(2) It is immaterial for purposes of subsection (1) above, that the public’s access to a building is limited to a particular period or particular occasion; but where anything removed from a building or its grounds is there otherwise than as forming part of, or being on loan for exhibition with, a collection intended for permanent exhibition to the public, the person removing it does not thereby commit an offence under this section unless he removes it on a day when the public have access to the building as mentioned in subsection (1) above.

3 A* 4

1470

Ch. 60

Theft Act 1968

(3) A person does not commit an offence under this section if he believes that he has lawful authority for the removal of the thing in question or that he would have it if the person entitled to give it knew of the removal and the circumstances of it

(4) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall, on conviction on indictment be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years.

Taking motor

vehicle

or other

conveyance

without

authority.

12.—(1) Subject to subsections (5) and (6) below, a person shall be guilty of an offence if, without having the consent of the owner or other lawful authority, he takes any conveyance for his own or another’s use or, knowing that any conveyance has been taken without such authority, drives it or allows himself to be carried in or on it

(2) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (1) above shall on conviction on indictment be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years.

(3) Offences under subsection (1) above and attempts to commit them shall be deemed for all purposes to be arrestable offences within the meaning of section 2 of the Criminal Law Act 1967.

(4) If on the trial of an indictment for theft the jury are not satisfied that the accused committed theft, but it is proved that the accused committed an offence under subsection (1) above, the jury may find him guilty of the offence under subsection (1).

(5) Subsection (1) above shall not apply in relation to pedal cycles; but, subject to subsection (6) below, a person who, without having the consent of the owner or other lawful authority, takes a pedal cycle for his own or another’s use, or rides a pedal cycle knowing it to have been taken without such authority, shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(6) A person does not commit an offence under this section by anything done in the belief that he has lawful authority to do it or that he would have the owner’s consent if the owner knew of his doing it and the circumstances of it

(7) For purposes of this section—

(a) "conveyance" means any conveyance constructed or adapted for the carriage of a person or persons whether by land, water or air, except that it does not include a conveyance constructed or adapted for use only under the control of a person not carried in or on it, and " drive " shall be construed accordingly; and

Theft Act 1968

Ch. 60

1471

(b)" owner ", in relation to a conveyance which is the subject of a hiring agreement or hire-purchase agreement, means the person in possession of the conveyance under that agreement

13. A person who dishonestly uses without due authority, or Abstracting dishonestly causes to be wasted or diverted, any electricity shallof electricity, on conviction on indictment be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years.

14. —(1) Where a person—

(a) steals or attempts to steal any mail bag or postal packet Extension to

in the course of transmission as such between places the!!ts fro" in different jurisdictions in the British postal area, or England and any of the contents of such a mail bag or postal packet; Wales, and or robbery etc. on

(b) in stealing or with intent to steal any such mail bagsuch a thcft*

or postal packet or any of its contents, commits any robbery, attempted robbery or assault with intent to rob;

then, notwithstanding that he does so outside England and Wales, he shall be guilty of committing or attempting to commit the offence against this Act as if he had done so in England or Wales, and he shall accordingly be liable to be prosecuted, tried and punished in England and Wales without proof that the offence was committed there.

(2) In subsection (1) above the reference to different jurisdictions in the British postal area is to be construed as referring to the several jurisdictions of England and Wales, of Scotland, of Northern Ireland, of the Isle of Man and of the Channel Islands.

(3) For purposes of this section "mail bag" includes any article serving the purpose of a mail bag.

Fraud and blackmail

15. —(1) A person who by any deception dishonestly obtains Obtaining property belonging to another, with the intention of permanently property by depriving the other of it, shall on conviction on indictment be dccepUon* liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding ten years.

(2) For purposes of this section a person is to be treated as obtaining property if he obtains ownership, possession or control of it, and " obtain " includes obtaining for another or enabling another to obtain or to retain.

1472

Ch. 60

Theft Act 1968

Obtaining

pecuniary

advantage

by

deception.

False

accounting.

(3) Section 6 above shall apply for purposes of this section, with the necessary adaptation of the reference to appropriating, as it applies for purposes of section 1.

(4) For purposes of this section " deception " means any deception (whether deliberate or reckless) by words or conduct as to fact or as to law, including a deception as to the present intentions of the person using the deception or any other person.

16. —(1) A person who by any deception dishonestly obtains for himself or another any pecuniary advantage shall on conviction on indictment be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years.

(2) The cases in which a pecuniary advantage within the meaning of this section is to be regarded as obtained for a person are cases where—

(a) any debt or charge for which he makes himself liable

or is or may become liable (including one not legally enforceable) is reduced or in whole or in part evaded or deferred; or

(b) he is allowed to borrow by way of overdraft, or to take

out any policy of insurance or annuity contract, or obtains an improvement of the terms on which he is allowed to do so; or

(c) he is given the opportunity to earn remuneration or

greater remuneration in an office or employment, or to win money by betting.

(3) For purposes of this section "deception" has the same meaning as in section IS of this Act

17. —(1) Where a person dishonestly, with a view to gain for himself or another or with intent to cause loss to another,—

(a) destroys, defaces, conceals or falsifies any account or

any record or document made or required for any accounting purpose; or

(b) in furnishing information for any purpose produces or

makes use of any account or any such record or document as aforesaid, which to his knowledge is or may be misleading, false or deceptive in a material particular;

he shall, on conviction on indictment be liable to imprison* ment for a term not exceeding seven years.

(2) For purposes of this section a person who makes or concurs in making in an account or other document an entry which is or may be misleading, false or deceptive in a material

Theft Act 1968

Ch. 60

1473

particular, or who omits or concurs in omitting a material particular from an account or other document, is to be treated as falsifying the account or document

18. —(1) Where an offence committed by a body corporate Liability under section 15, 16 or 17 of this Act is proved to have been of compair committed with the consent or connivance of any director, £^taiii manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, offences

or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, by company he as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of that offence, and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

(2) Where the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its members, this section shall apply in relation to the acts and defaults of a member in connection with his functions of management as if he were a director of the body corporate.

19. —(1) Where an officer of a body corporate or unincor- False porated association (or person purporting to act as such), with statements intent to deceive members or creditors of the body corporate

or association about its affairs, publishes or concurs in publishing a written statement or account which to his knowledge is or may be misleading, false or deceptive in a material particular, he shall on conviction on indictment be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding seven years.

(2) For purposes of this section a person who has entered into a security for the benefit of a body corporate or association is to be treated as a creditor of it

(3) Where the affairs of a body corporate or association are managed by its members, this section shall apply to any statement which a member publishes or concurs in publishing in connection with his functions of management as if he were an officer of the body corporate or association.

20. —(1) A person who dishonestly, with a view to gain for Suppression, himself or another or with intent to cause loss to another, J®-of destroys, defaces or conceals any valuable security, any will or documents* other testamentary document or any original document of or belonging to, or filed or deposited in, any court of justice or any government department shall on conviction on indictment be

liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding seven years.

(2) A person who dishonestly, with a view to gain for himself or another or with intent to cause loss to another, by any deception procures the execution of a valuable security shall on conviction on indictment be liable to imprisonment for a term

1474

Ch. 60

Theft Act 1968

Blackmail.

Handling stolen goods.

not exceeding seven years; and this subsection shall apply in relation to the making, acceptance, indorsement, alteration, cancellation or destruction in whole or in part of a valuable security, and in relation to the signing or sealing of any paper or other material in order that it may be made or converted into, or used or dealt with as, a valuable security, as if that were the execution of a valuable security.

(3) For purposes of this section "deception" has the same meaning as in section 15 of this Act, and "valuable security " means any document creating, transferring, surrendering or releasing any right to, in or over property, or authorising the payment of money or delivery of any property, or evidencing the creation, transfer, surrender or release of any such right, or the payment of money or delivery of any property, or the satisfaction of any obligation.

21.—(1) A person is guilty of blackmail if, with a view to gain for himself or another or with intent to cause loss to another, he makes any unwarranted demand with menaces; and for this purpose a demand with menaces is unwarranted unless the person making it does so in the belief—

(a) that he has reasonable grounds for making the demand;

and

(b) that the use of the menaces is a proper means of reinforcing the demand.

(2) The nature of the act or omission demanded is immaterial, and it is also immaterial whether the menaces relate to action to be taken by the person making the demand.

(3) A person guilty of blackmail shall on conviction on indictment be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding fourteen years.

Offences relating to goods stolen etc.

22.—(1) A person handles stolen goods if (otherwise than in the course of the stealing) knowing or believing them to be stolen goods he dishonestly receives the goods, or dishonestly undertakes or assists in their retention, removal, disposal or realisation by or for the benefit of another person, or if he arranges to do so.

(2) A person guilty of handling stolen goods shall on conviction on indictment be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding fourteen years.

Theft Act 1968

Ch. 60

1475

23. Where any public advertisement of a reward for Advertising the return of any goods which have been stolen or lost rewards for uses any words to the effect that no questions will beJ^JS^den asked, or that the person producing the goods will be Jr safe from apprehension or inquiry, or that any money paid for the purchase of the goods or advanced by way of loan on them will be repaid, the person advertising the reward and any person who prints or publishes the advertisement shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

24.—(1) The provisions of this Act relating to goods which Scope of have been stolen shall apply whether the stealing occurred in England or Wales or elsewhere, and whether it occurred goods, before or after the commencement of this Act, provided that the stealing (if not an offence under this Act) amounted to an offence where and at the time when the goods were stolen; and references to stolen goods shall be construed accordingly.

(2) For purposes of those provisions references to stolen goods shall include, in addition to the goods originally stolen and parts of them (whether in their original state or not),—

(a) any other goods which directly or indirectly represent

or have at any time represented the stolen goods in die hands of the thief as being the proceeds of any disposal or realisation of the whole or part of the goods stolen or of goods so representing the stolen goods; and

(b) any other goods which directly or indirectly represent

or have at any time represented the stolen goods in die hands of a handler of the stolen goods or any part of them as being the proceeds of any disposal or realisation of the whole or part of the stolen goods handled by him or of goods so representing them.

(3) But no goods shall be regarded as having continued to be stolen goods after they have been restored to the person from whom they were stolen or to other lawful possession or custody, or after that person and any other person claiming through him have otherwise ceased as regards those goods to have any right to restitution in respect of the theft

(4) For purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to goods which have been stolen (including subsections (1) to (3) above) goods obtained in England or Wales or elsewhere either by blackmail or in the circumstances described in section 15(1) of this Act shall be regarded as stolen; and M steal", " theft " and M thief *' shall be construed accordingly.

1476

Ch. 60

Theft Act 1968

Going

equipped for stealing, etc.

Search for stolen goods.

Possession of housebreaking implements, etc.

25.—(1) A person shall be guilty of an offence if, when not at his place of abode, he has with him any article for use in the course of or in connection with any burglary, theft or cheat

(2) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall on conviction on indictment be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years.

(3) Where a person is charged with an offence under this section, proof that he had with him any article made or adapted for use in committing a burglary, theft or cheat shall be evidence that he had it with him for such use.

(4) Any person may arrest without warrant anyone who is, or whom he, with reasonable cause, suspects to be, committing an offence under this section.

(5) For purposes of this section an offence under section 12(1) of this Act of taking a conveyance shall be treated as theft, and " cheat " means an offence under section 15 of this Act.

Enforcement and procedure

26.—(1) If it is made to appear by information on oath before a justice of the peace that there is reasonable cause to believe that any person has in his custody or possession or on his premises any stolen goods, the justice may grant a warrant to search for and seize the same; but no warrant to search for stolen goods shall be addressed to a person other than a constable except under the authority of an enactment expressly so providing.

(2) An officer of police not below the rank of superintendent may give a constable written authority to search any premises for stolen goods—

(a) if the person in occupation of the premises has been convicted within the preceding five years of handling stolen goods or of any offence involving dishonesty and punishable with imprisonment; or

(b) if a person who has been convicted within the preceding five years of handling stolen goods has within the preceding twelve months been in occupation of the premises.

(3) Where under this section a person is authorised to search premises for stolen goods, he may enter and search the premises accordingly, and may seize any goods he believes to be stolen goods.

Theft Act 1968

Ch. 60

1477

(4) The Police (Property) Act 1897 (which makes provision 1897 c. 30. for the disposal of property in the possession of the police) shall

apply to property which has come into the possession of the police under this section as it applies to property which has come into the possession of the police in the circumstances mentioned in that Act

(5) This section is to be construed in accordance with section 24 of this Act; and in subsection (2) above the references to handling stolen goods shall include any corresponding offence committed before the commencement of this Act.

27.—(1) Any number of persons may be charged in one indictment with reference to the same theft with having at Sharge of °° different times or at the same time handled all or any of the theft or stolen goods, and the persons so charged may be tried together, handling

stolen goods.

(2) On the trial of two or more persons indicted for jointly handling any stolen goods the jury may find any of the accused guilty if the jury are satisfied that he handled all or any of the stolen goods, whether or not he did so jointly with the other accused or any of them.

(3) Where a person is being proceeded against for handling stolen goods (but not for any offence other than handling stolen goods), then at any stage of the proceedings, if evidence has been given of his having or arranging to have in his possession the goods the subject of the charge, or of his undertaking or assisting in, or arranging to undertake or assist in, their retention, removal, disposal or realisation, the following evidence shall be admissible for the purpose of proving that he knew or believed the goods to be stolen goods:—

(a) evidence that he has had in his possession, or has under-

taken or assisted in the retention, removal, disposal or realisation of, stolen goods from any theft taking place not earlier than twelve months before the offence charged; and

(b) (provided that seven days’ notice in writing has been

given to him of the intention to prove the conviction) evidence that he has within the five years preceding the date of the offence charged been convicted of theft or of handling stolen goods.

(4) In any proceedings for the theft of anything in the course of transmission (whether by post or otherwise), or for handling stolen goods from such a theft, a statutory declaration made by any person that he despatched or received or failed to receive any goods or postal packet, or that any goods or postal packet when despatched or received by him were in a particular state

1478

Gel 60

Theft Act 1968

Orders for restitution.

or condition, shall be admissible as evidence of the facts stated in the declaration, subject to the following conditions:—

(<a) a statutory declaration shall only be admissible where and to the extent to which oral evidence to the like effect would have been admissible in the proceedings; and

(b) a statutory declaration shall only be admissible if at least seven days before the hearing or trial a copy of it has been given to the person charged, and he has not, at least three days before the hearing or trial or within such further time as the court may in special circumstances allow, given the prosecutor written notice requiring the attendance at the hearing or trial of the person making the declaration.

(5) This section is to be construed in accordance with section 24 of this Act; and in subsection (3)(h) above the reference to handling stolen goods shall include any corresponding offence committed before the commencement of this Act.

28.—(1) Where goods have been stolen, and a person is convicted of any offence with reference to the theft (whether or not the stealing is the gist of his offence), the court by or before which the offender is convicted may on the conviction exercise any of the following powers: —

(a) the court may order anyone having possession or control

of the goods to restore them to any person entitled to recover them from him; or

(b) on the application of a person entitled to recover from

the person convicted any other goods directly or indirectly representing the first-mentioned goods (as being the proceeds of any disposal or realisation of the whole or part of them or of goods so representing them), the court may order those other goods to be delivered or transferred to the applicant; or

(c) on the application of a person who, if the first-mentioned

goods were in the possession of the person convicted, would be entitled to recover them from him, the court may order that a sum not exceeding the value of those goods shall be paid to the applicant out of any money of the person convicted which was taken out of his possession on his apprehension.

(2) Where under subsection (1) above the court has power on a person’s conviction to make an order against him both under paragraph (b) and under paragraph (c) with reference to the stealing of the same goods, the court may make orders under

Theft Act 1968

Ch. 60

1479

both paragraphs provided that the applicant for the orders does not thereby recover more than the value of those goods.

(3) Where under subsection (1) above the court on a person's conviction makes an order under paragraph (a) for the restoration of any goods, and it appears to the court that the person convicted has sold the goods to a person acting in good faith, or has borrowed money on the security of them from a person so acting, then on the application of the purchaser or lender the court may order that there shall be paid to the applicant, out of any money of the person convicted which was taken out of his possession on his apprehension, a sum not exceeding the amount paid for the purchase by the applicant or, as the case may be, the amount owed to the applicant in respect of the loan.

(4) The court shall not exercise the powers conferred by this section unless in the opinion of the court the relevant facts sufficiently appear from evidence given at the trial or the available documents, together with admissions made by or on behalf of any person in connection with any proposed exercise of the powers; and for this purpose " the available documents " means any written statements or admissions which were made for use, and would have been admissible, as evidence at the trial, the depositions taken at any committal proceedings and any written statements or admissions used as evidence in those proceedings.

(5) Any order under this section shall be treated as an order for the restitution of property within the meaning of sections 30

and 42 of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 (which relate to the 1968 c. 19. effect on such orders of appeals).

(6) References in this section to stealing are to be construed in accordance with section 24(1) and (4) of this Act

29.—(1) In Schedule 1 to the Criminal Law Act 1967 there Jurisdiction shall cease to have effect paragraph 13(a) and (b) of List B of quarter (which exclude from the jurisdiction of quarter sessions the sJ^J^and theft etc. of court records and documents of title to land). trial17

(2) In Schedule 1 to the Magistrates’ Courts Act 19521967 c*58* (which lists the indictable offences by adults which may be 1952 c*55* tried summarily with the consent of the accused) for paragraph 11 there shall be substituted:—

" 11. Any indictable offence under the Theft Act 1968 except—

(a) robbery, aggravated burglary, blackmail and assault with intent to rob; and

1480

Ch. 60

Theft Act 1968

Husband and wife.

(b) burglary comprising the commission of, or an intention to commit, an offence which is not included in this Schedule; and

(c) burglary -in a dwelling if entry to the dwelling or

the part of it in which the burglary was committed, or to any building or part of a building containing the dwelling, was obtained by force or deception or by the use of any tool, key or appliance, or if any person in the dwelling was subjected to violence or the threat of violence; and

(d) handling stolen goods from an offence not com-

mitted in the United Kingdom.*

General and consequential provisions

30.—(1) This Act shall apply in relation to the parties to a marriage, and to property belonging to the wife or husband whether or not by reason of an interest derived from the marriage, as it would apply if they were not married and any such interest subsisted independently of the marriage.

(2) Subject to subsection (4) below, a person shall have the same right to bring proceedings against that person’s wife or husband for any offence (whether under this Act or otherwise) as if they were not married, and a person bringing any such proceedings shall be competent to give evidence for the prosecution at every stage of the proceedings.

(3) Where a person is charged in proceedings not brought by that person’s wife or husband with having committed any offence with reference to that person’s wife or husband or to property belonging to the wife or husband, the wife or husband shall be competent to give evidence at every stage of the proceedings, whether for the defence or for the prosecution, and whether the accused is charged solely or jointly with any other person:

Provided that—

(a) the wife or husband (unless compellable at common

law) shall not be compellable either to give evidence or, in giving evidence, to disclose any communication made to her or him during the marriage by the accused; and

(b) her or his failure to give evidence shall not be made the subject of any comment by the prosecution.

(4) Proceedings shall not be instituted against a person for any offence of stealing or doing unlawful damage to property which at the time of the offence belongs to that person’s wife or husband, or for any attempt, incitement or conspiracy to

Theft Act 1968

Ch. 60

1481

commit such an offence, unless the proceedings are instituted by or with the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions:

Provided that—

(a) this subsection shall not apply to proceedings against a

person for an offence—

(i) if that person is charged with committing the offence jointly with the wife or husband; or

(ii) if by virtue of any judicial decree or order (wherever made) that person and the wife or husband are at the time of the offence under no obligation to cohabit; and

(b) this subsection shall not prevent the arrest, or the issue

of a warrant for the arrest, of a person for an offence, or the remand in custody or on bail of a person charged with an offence, where the arrest (if without a warrant) is made, or the warrant of arrest issues on an information laid, by a person other than the wife or husband.

31.—(1) A person shall not be excused, by reason that to do Effect on civil so may incriminate that person or the wife or husband of that proceedings person of an offence under this Act— ™ rights.

(a) from answering any question put to that person in proceedings for the recovery or administration of any property, for the execution of any trust or for an account of any property or dealings with property; or

(b) from complying with any order made in any such proceedings;

but no statement or admission made by a person in answering a question put or complying with an order made as aforesaid shall, in proceedings for an offence under this Act, be admissible in evidence against that person or (unless they married after the making of the statement or admission) against the wife or husband of that person.

(2) Notwithstanding any enactment to the contrary, where property has been stolen or obtained by fraud or other wrongful means, the title to that or any other property shall not be affected by reason only of the conviction of the offender.

32.—(1) The following offences are hereby abolished for all Effect on purposes not relating to offences committed before the com- existin8 law and mencement of this Act. that is to say— refaSSw of

(a) any offence at common law of larceny, robbery, offences, burglary, receiving stolen property, obtaining property by threats, extortion by colour of office or franchise.

1482

Ch. 60

Theft Act 1968

1861 c. 96.

Miscellaneous

and

consequential amendments, and repeal.

1953 c. 36.

false accounting by public officers, concealment of treasure trove and, except as regards offences relating to the public revenue, cheating; and

(b) any offence under an enactment mentioned in Part I of Schedule 3 to this Act, to the extent to which the offence depends on any section or part of a section included in column 3 of that Schedule;

but so that the provisions in Schedule 1 to this Act (which preserve with modifications certain offences under the Larceny Act 1861 of taking or killing deer and taking or destroying fish) shall have effect as there set out

(2) Except as regards offences committed before the commencement of this Act, and except in so far as the context otherwise requires,—

(a) references in any enactment passed before this Act to

an offence abolished by this Act shall, subject to any express amendment or repeal made by this Act have effect as references to the corresponding offence under this Act and in any such enactment the expression " receive " (when it relates to an offence of receiving) shall mean handle, and " receiver " shall be construed accordingly; and

(b) without prejudice to paragraph (a) above, references

in any enactment whenever passed, to theft or stealing (including references to stolen goods), and references to robbery, blackmail, burglary, aggravated burglary or handling stolen goods, shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of this Act including those of section 24.

33.—(1) The Post Office Act 1953 shall have effect subject to the amendments provided for by Part I of Schedule 2 to this Act and (except in so far as the contrary intention appears) those amendments shall have effect throughout the British postal area.

(2) The enactments mentioned in Parts II and III of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments there provided for, and (subject to subsection (4) below) the amendments made by Part II to enactments extending beyond England and Wales shall have the like extent as the enactment amended.

(3) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 3 to this Act (which include in Part II certain enactments related to the subject matter of this Act but already obsolete or redundant apart from this Act) are hereby repealed to the extent specified in column 3 of that Schedule; and, notwithstanding that the foregoing sections of this Act do not extend to Scotland, where any enactment expressed to be repealed by Schedule 3 does so

I

Theft Act 1968

Ch. 60

1483

extend, the Schedule shall have effect to repeal it in its application to Scotland except in so far as the repeal is expressed not to extend to Scotland.

(4) No amendment or repeal made by this Act in Schedule 1 to the Extradition Act 1870 or in the Schedule to the Extradition 1870 c. 52. Act 1873 shall affect the operation of that Schedule by reference 1873 c. 60. to the law of a British possession; but the repeal made in Schedule 1 to the Extradition Act 1870 shall extend throughout the United Kingdom.

Supplementary

34. —(1) Sections 4(1) and 5(1) of this Act shall apply Interpretation, generally for purposes of this Act as they apply for purposes

of section 1.

(2) For purposes of this Act-

la) " gain " and " loss " are to be construed as extending only to gain or loss in money or other property, but as extending to any such gain or loss whether temporary or permanent; and—

(i) " gain " includes a gain by keeping what one has, as well as a gain by getting what one has not; and

(ii) "loss" includes a loss by not getting what one might get, as well as a loss by parting with what one has;

(b) "goods", except in so far as the context otherwise requires, includes money and every other description of property except land, and includes things severed from the land by stealing.

35. —(1) This Act shall come into force on the 1st January Commence-1969 and, save as otherwise provided by this Act, shall have ment and effect only in relation to offences wholly or partly committed

on or after that date. prov"lon8-

(2) Sections 27 and 28 of this Act shall apply in relation to proceedings for an offence committed before the commencement of this Act as they would apply in relation to proceedings for a corresponding offence under this Act, and shall so apply in place of any corresponding enactment repealed by this Act

(3) Subject to subsection (2) above, no repeal or amendment by this Act of any enactment relating to procedure or evidence, or to the jurisdiction or powers of any court or to the effect of a conviction, shall affect the operation of the enactment in relation to offences committed before the commencement of this Act or to proceedings for any such offence.

1484

Ch. 60

Theft Act 1968

Short title, and general provisions as to Scotland and Northern Ireland.

1920 c. 67.

36.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Theft Act 1968.

(2) The restrictions imposed by the Government of Ireland Act 1920 on the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall not be treated as precluding that Parliament from enacting in relation to Northern Ireland, by any Act passed for purposes similar to this Act. a provision corresponding to any provision of this Act or, in connection therewith, from repealing or amending in relation to Northern Ireland any provision of Part I of Schedule 2 to this Act

(3) This Act does not extend to Scotland or, apart from subsection (2) above, to Northern Ireland, except as regards any amendment or repeal which in accordance with section 33 above is to extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

Theft Act 1968

Ch. 60

1485

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE !

Offences of Taking, etc. Deer or Fish Taking or killing deer

1.-^0) A person who unlawfully takes or kills, or attempts to take or kill, any deer in inclosed land where deer are usually kept shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or, for an offence committed after a previous conviction of an offence under this paragraph, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to both.

(2) Any person may arrest without warrant anyone who is, or whom he, with reasonable cause, suspects to be, committing an offence under this paragraph.

Taking or destroying fish

2.—(1) Subject to subparagraph (2) below, a person who unlawfully takes or destroys, or attempts to take or destroy, any fish in water which is private property or in which there is any private right of fishery shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or, for an offence committed after a previous conviction of an offence under this subparagraph, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to both.

(2) Subparagraph (1) above shall not apply to taking or destroying fish by angling in the daytime (that is to say, in the period beginning one hour before sunrise and ending one hour after sunset); but a person who by angling in the daytime unlawfully takes or destroys, or attempts to take or destroy, any fish in water which is private property or in which there is any private right of fishery shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(3) The court by which a person is convicted of an offence under this paragraph may order the forfeiture of anything which, at the time of the offence, he had with him for use for taking or destroying fish.

(4) Any person may arrest without warrant anyone who is, or whom he, with reasonable cause, suspects to be, committing an offence under subparagraph (1) above, and may seize from any person who is, or whom he, with reasonable cause, suspects to be, committing any offence under this paragraph anything which on that person’s conviction of the offence would be liable to be forfeited under subparagraph (3) above.

Section 32.

1486

Ch. 60

Theft Act

Section 33(1),(2). SCHEDULE 2

Miscellaneous and Consequential Amendments

Part I

1953 c. 36. Amendments Post Office Act 1953

1. The Post Office Act 1953 shall have effect subject to the amendments provided for by this Part of this Schedule (and, except in so far as the contrary intention appears, those amendments have effect throughout the British postal area).

2. Sections 22 and 23 shall be amended by substituting for the word 44felony" in section 22(1) and section 23(2) the words "a misdemeanour*, and by omitting the words 44of this Act and*' in section 23(1).

3. In section 52, as it applies outside England and Wales, for the words from "be guilty* onwards there shall be substituted the words 44 be guilty of a misdemeanour and be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding ten years *.

4. In section 53 for the words from " be guilty *' onwards there shall be substituted the words 44 be guilty of a misdemeanour and be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years *.

5. In section 54, as it applies outside England and Wales,—

(a) there shall be omitted the words 44 taking, embezzling *, and

the words " taken, embezzled *, where first occurring;

(b) for the words " a felony *' there shall be substituted the words "an offence" and the word "feloniously" shall be omitted;

(c) for the words from 44 be guilty *' to " secreted it * there shall

be substituted the words "be guilty of a misdemeanour and be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding fourteen years

6. In sections 55 and 58(1), after the word "imprisonment *, there shall in each case be inserted the words 44 for a term not exceeding two years *.

7. In section 57—

(a) there shall be omitted the words " steals, or for any purpose

whatever embezzles," and the words from " or if " onwards;

(b) for the word 44 felony '* there shall be substituted the words "a misdemeanour".

8. After section 65 there shall be inserted as a new section 65A— 65A. If any person dishonestly uses a public telephone

or telex system with intent to avoid payment (including any such system provided, under licence, otherwise than by the Postmaster General), he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months

"Fraudulent use of public telephone or telex system.

Theft Act 1968

Ch. 60

1487

or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to both, or on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years."

9. Section 69(2) shall be omitted.

10. For section 70 there shall be substituted the following

70.—(1) Where a person—

(a) steals or attempts to steal any mail bag or postal packet in the course of transmission as such between places in different jurisdictions in the British postal area, or any of the contents of such a mail bag or postal packet; or

(b) in stealing or with intent to steal any such mail bag or postal packet or any of its contents, commits any robbery, attempted robbery or assault with intent to rob;

then, in whichever of those jurisdictions he does so, he shall by virtue of this section be guilty in each of the jurisdictions in which this subsection has effect of committing or attempting to commit the offence against section 52 of this Act, or the offence referred to in paragraph (b) of this subsection, as the case may be, as if he had done so in that jurisdiction, and he shall accordingly be liable to be prosecuted, tried and punished in that jurisdiction without proof that the offence was committed there.

(2) In subsection (1) above the reference to different jurisdictions in the British postal area is to be construed as referring to the several jurisdictions of England and Wales, of Scotland, of Northern Ireland, of the Isle of Man, and of the Channel Islands; and that subsection shall have effect in each of those jurisdictions except England and Wales."

11. In section 72 there shall be added as a new subsection (3)—

" (3) In any proceedings in England or Wales for an offence under section 53, 55, 56, 57 or 58 of this Act, section 27(4) of the Theft Act 1968 shall apply as it is expressed to apply to proceedings for the theft of anything in the course of transmission by post; and in the case of proceedings under section 53 of this Act a statutory declaration made by any person that a vessel, vehicle or aircraft was at any time employed by or under the Post Office for the transmission of postal packets under contract shall be admissible as evidence of the facts stated in the declaration subject to the same conditions as under section 27(4)(a) and (b) of the Theft Act 1968 apply to declarations admissible under section 27(4) ".

section—

"Prosecution of certain offences in any jurisdiction of British postal area.

3 B

Sch. 2

1488

Ch. 60

Theft Act 1968

See. 2 12. In section 87(1). the definition of 44 valuable security " shall be

omitted but. except in relation to England and Wales, there shall be substituted:—

444 valuable security * means any document creating, transferring, surrendering or releasing any right to, in or over property, or authorising the payment of money or delivery of any property, or evidencing the creation, transfer, surrender or release of any such right, or the payment of money or delivery of any property, or the satisfaction of any obligation.'*

1897 c. 30.

Part n

Other amendments extending beyond England and Wales

Act amended

The Extradition Act 1873

(36 & 37 Vict, c. 60.

The Public Stores Act 1875

(38 & 39 Vict, c. 25.

The Army Act 1955 (3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 18.

Amendment

In the Schedule (additional list of extradition crimes) for the words 44the Larceny Act 1861 " there shall be substituted the words 44 the Theft Act 1968".

For section 12 (incorporation of parts of Larceny Act 1861) there shall be substituted:—

44 (1) Any person may arrest without warrant anyone who is, or whom he, with reasonable cause, suspects to be, in the act of committing or attempting to commit an offence against section 5 or 8 of this Act.

(2) If it is made to appear by information on oath before a justice of the peace that there is reasonable cause to believe that any person has in his custody or possession or on his premises any stores in respect of which an offence against section 5 of this Act has been committed, the justice may issue a warrant to a constable to search for and seize the stores as in the case of stolen goods, and the Police (Property) Act 1897 shall apply as if this subsection were among the enactments mentioned in section 1(1) of that Act."

For section 44(1)(6) there shall be substituted— 44 (b) handles any stolen goods, where the property stolen was public or service property, or ".

For section 45(6) there shall be substituted— 44 (b) handles any stolen goods, where the property stolen belonged to a person subject to military law, or ".

Theft Act 1968

Ch. 60

1489

Act amended Amendment

The Army Act 1955 In section 138(1) for the words from (3 & 4 Eliz. 2. "receiving" to "stolen" there shall be c. 18)— cont.substituted the words " handling it ".

In section 225(1) after the definition of "Governor " there shall be inserted—

"4 handles' has the same meaning as in the Theft Act 1968 "; and for the definition of 44 steals " there shall be substituted—

44 4 steals* has the same meaning as in the Theft Act 1968, and references to 4 stolen goods * shall be construed as if contained in that Act

The Air Force Act 1955

(3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 19.

The same amendments shall be made in sections 44, 45, 138 and 223 as are above directed to be made in the corresponding sections of the Army Act 1955, except that in the amendment to section 45(6) 44 air-force law" shall be substituted for "military law".

The Naval Discipline Act 1957 (5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

For section 29(6) there shall be substituted— 44 (6) handles any stolen goods, where the property stolen was public or service property, or ".

In section 76(1) for the words from "receiving" to "embezzling" there shall be substituted the word 44 handling ".

In section 135(1) the same amendments shall be made as are above directed to be made in section 225(1) of the Army Act 1955.

The Army and Air Section 21 shall be omitted. Force Act 1961 (9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 52.

The Road Traffic Act In Part II of Schedule 1 (offences involving 1962 discretionary disqualification for a driving

(10 & 11 Eliz. 2. licence), in paragraph 24 there shall be c. 59) substituted for the words in the first

column the words 44An offence, or attempt to commit an offence, in respect of a motor vehicle under section 12 of the Theft Act 1968 or, in Scotland, section 217(1) of the principal Act (taking, etc., without authority)*, and in the second column after the words "paragraph (a)* there shall be inserted the words44 (that is, of the said section 217(1)) *; and for paragraph

3 B 2

Sen. 2

1490

Ch. 60

Theft Act

Sch. 2

Act amended The Road Traffic Act 1962

(10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c. 59)—cont.

Amendment 26 there shall be substituted in the first column—

44 26. Stealing or attempting to steal a motor vehicle.

26A. An offence under section 25 of the Theft Act 1968 committed with reference to the theft or taking of motor vehicles."

Part in

Amendments limited to England and Wales

The Gaming Act 1845 (8 & 9 Vict. c. 109.

In section 17 (punishment for cheating at play etc.) for the words " be deemed guilty of obtaining such money or valuable thing from such other person by a false pretence " and the following words there shall be substituted the words—

"(a) on conviction on indictment be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years; or

(b) on summary conviction be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to both ".

The Pawnbrokers Act In section 38 (cesser of pawnbroker’s licence 1872 on conviction of certain offences) for the

(35 & 36 Vict. words 44 receiving stolen goods knowing c. 93) them to be stolen " there shall be substituted

the words44 handling stolen goods ".

The Bankruptcy Act 1914

(4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 59.

In section 166 (admissions on compulsory examination etc. not to be admissible as evidence in proceedings for certain offences) for the words following 44 against that person " there shall be substituted the words 44 or (unless they married after the making of the statement or admission) against the wife or husband of that person in any proceeding in respect of an offence under the Theft Act 1968 ".

The House to House Collections Act 1939 (2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 44.

In the Schedule (offences for which a conviction is a ground for refusing or revoking a licence under the Act to promote a collection for charity) for the entry relating to the Larceny Act 1916 there shall be substituted:—

44 Robbery, burglary and blackmail ".

Theft Act 1968

Ch. 60

1491

Act Amended

The Magistrates* Courts Act 1952 (15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

The Visiting Forces Act 1952 (15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 67.

The Finance Act 1965 (1965 c. 25.

The Finance Act 1966 (1966 c. 18.

The Criminal Law Act 1967 (1967 c. 58.

The Firearms Act 1968 (1968 c. 27.

Amendment

In Schedule 1 for paragraph 8 there shall be substituted—

44 8. Offences under sections 53 and 55 to 58 of the Post Office Act 1953 *’.

In the Schedule there shall be inserted in paragraph 1(a) after the word 44 buggery * the word 44 robbery ", and in paragraph 3 there shall be added at the end—

44 (g) the Theft Act 1968, except section 8 (robbery) *.

In Schedule 10, in the Table in paragraph 1, for the words 44 Sections 500 to 505 * there shall be substituted the words 44 Sections 500 to 504".

In Schedule 6, in paragraph 13, for the words 44 Sections 500 to 505 * there shall be substituted the words 44 Sections 500 to 504 *, and the words from44 together with " to44 the said section 505 " shall be omitted.

In Schedule 1, for paragraph 2 in List A Division I (whereby certain offences replaced by this Act are, with others not so replaced, made triable by all courts of quarter sessions) there shall be substituted—

44 2. Offences against sections 53 and 55 to 58 of the Post Office Act 1953 *.

Schedule 1 (offences in connection with which possession of a firearm is an offence under section 17(2)) shall be amended, except in relation to a person’s apprehension for an offence committed before the commencement of this Act, by substituting for paragraph 4—

44 4. Theft, burglary, blackmail and any offence under section 12(1) (taking of motor vehicle or other conveyance without owner’s consent) of the Theft Act 1968

by omitting paragraph 7: and by substituting in paragraph 8 for the words 44 paragraphs 1 to 7 " the words 44 paragraphs 1 to 6 ".

3 B 3

Sch. 2

1953 c. 36.

1492

Ch. 60

Theft Act 1968

Section 33 (3).

SCHEDULE 3

Repeals

Part I

Penal enactments superseded by this act

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

3 Edw. 1. The Statute of Westminster the First. Chapters 26 and 31.

15 Geo. 2. c. 33 The Starr and Bent Act 1741. The whole Act

22 Geo. 2. c. 27 The Frauds by Workmen Act 1748. The whole Act.

17 Geo. 3. C.11 The Worsted Act 1776. In section 12 the words from " or shall conceal " to " other purposes *.

17 Geo. 3. C.56 The Frauds by Workmen Act 1777. The whole Act

50 Geo. 3. c. 59 The Embezzlement by Collectors Act 1810. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

55 Geo. 3. C.50. The Gaol Fees Abolition Act 1815. The whole Act.

5 Geo. 4. c. 83. The Vagrancy Act 1824. In section 4 the words from " having in his or her custody * to M outbuilding, or,* together with the words " and every such picklock key, crow, jack, bit, and other implement.*

7 Geo. 4. c. 16 The Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals Act 1826. Section 25. Section 34 from " and, if any pensioner* onwards, except the words from '* such mark, stamp or brand* to "commissioners *, where next occurring. Section 38.

2 & 3 Vict, c. 47. The Metropolitan Police Act 1839. Sections 26, 27, 28, 30 and 31.

2 & 3 Vict, c. 71. The Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1839. Section 26.

3 & 4 Vict, c. 50. The Canals (Offences) Act 1840. Sections 7 and 8.

3 & 4 Vict, c. 84. The Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1840. Section 11.

6 & 7 Vict, c. 40. The Hosiery Act 1843. The whole Act, except sections 18 to 20.

10 & 11 Vict. The Commissioners In section 67 the words * exact

c. 16. Clauses Act 1847. or".

24 & 25 Vict, c. 96. The Larceny Act 1861. The whole Act.

24 & 25 Vict, c. 98. The Forgery Act 1861. Section 3.

Theft Act 1968

Ch. 60

1493

Section and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

26 & 27 Vict.

c. 103.

28 & 29 Vict, c. 124.

The Misappropriation by Servants Act 1863.

The Admiralty Powers, Ac. Act 1863.

The whole Act.

Sections 6 to 9, together with the words " of all offences

specified in this Act, and " in section 5.

32 & 33 Vict, c. 62.

The Debtors Act 1869.

In section 13( paragraph (1).

33 & 34 Vict, c. 58.

34 & 35 Vict, c. 41.

37 & 38 Vict, c. 36.

38 & 39 Vict, c. 24.

38 & 39 Vict, c. 89.

47 & 48 Vict, c. 55.

50 & 51 Vict c. 55.

The Forgery Act 1870.

The Gas Works Clauses Act 1871.

The False Personation Act 1874.

The Falsification of Accounts Act 1875.

The Public Works Loans Act 1875.

The Pensions and Yeomanry Pay Act 1884. The Sheriffs Act 1887.

The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

In section 38, as incorporated in the Electric Lighting Act 1882, the words " or fraudulently abstracts, consumes or uses gas of the undertakers ", the words " or for abstracting, consuming or using gas of undertakers " and the words " abstraction or consumption ".

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

Section 44.

Section 3.

In section 29, subsection (2Xb) and in subsection (6) the words from *or demands" to "office".

50 & 51 Vict.

c. 71.

54 & 55 Vict.

c. 36.

57 & 58 Vict c. 60.

The Coroners Act 1887.

The Consular Salaries and Fees Act 1891.

The Merchant Shipping Act 1894.

In section 8(2) the words " of extortion or ".

Section 2(3).

In section 154 paragraph (d), and in paragraph (e) the words " or representation " and the words " or made."

In section 180 paragraph (d), and in paragraph (e) the words " or representation " and the words " or made."

In section 197(8) paragraph (d). Section 248.

61 & 62 Vict, c. 57.

The Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act 1898.

Section 388(5) from " and if" onwards.

In section 724(4) the words " demands or ".

Section 10.

Sch. 3

3 B 4

1494

Ch. 60

Theft Act 1968

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

62 & 63 Vict. The Electric Lighting In the Schedule, in section 38

c. 19. i (Clauses) Act 1899. of the Gasworks Clauses Act 1871 as set out in the Appendix, the words 44 or fraudulently abstracts, consumes or uses gas of the undertakers ", the words 44 or for abstracting, consuming or using gas of undertakers * and the words 44 abstraction or consumption* (these repeals having effect for the purposes of the Schedule as incorporated with the Electricity Act 1947 or any other enactment).

6 Edw. 7. The Merchant Shipping Section 28(10) from 44 and if *

c. 48. Act 1906. onwards.

4 A 5 Geo. 5. c. 59. The Bankruptcy Act 1914. In section 154(1), paragraphs (13) and (14). In section 156, paragraph (a). Section 160.

5 A 6 Geo. 5. c. 83. The Naval and Military War Pensions, etc. Act 1915. Section 5.

6 A 7 Geo. 5. c.50. The Larceny Act 1916. The whole Act (but the repeal of section 39(2) and (3) shall not extend to Scotland).

9 A 10 Geo. 5. The Ferries (Acquisition Section 4 from 44 If any*

c. 75. by Local Authorities) Act 1919. onwards.

10 All Geo.5. c. 36. The Pensions (Increase) Act 1920. Section 5.

11 A12 Geo. 5. c. 39. The Admiralty Pensions Act 1921. Section 1(2).

11 A12 Geo. 5. c. 49. The War Pensions Act 1921. Section 7(2).

19 A 20 Geo. 5. The Government Annu- Section 34.

c. 29. ities Act 1929. Section 61(2). Section 64.

23 A 24 Geo. 5. The Local Government In section 123, in subsection

c. 51. Act 1933. (2), the words 44 exact or * and, in subsection (3), the words " any of *.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 82. The Personal Injuries (Emergency Provisions) Act 1939. Section 6.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 83. The Pensions (Navy, Army, Air Force and Mercantile Marine) Act 1939. Section 8.

5 A 6 Geo. 6. c. 28. The War Damage (Amendment) Act 1942. Section 3.

6 A 7 Geo. 6. c. 21. The War Damage Act 1943. Section 112.

Theft Act 1968

Ch. 60

1495

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 21.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

The Pensions (Increase) Act 1944.

The Water Act 1945.

c. 42.

lOAllGeo. 6. c. 41.

The Fire Services Act 1947.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Police Pensions Act c. 24. 1948.

11 A12 Geo. 6. c. 38.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 67.

The Companies Act 1948.

The Gas Act 1948.

14 Geo. 6. c. 36.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 10.

15 A16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 25.

15 A16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 43.

1 A 2 Eliz. 2. c. 36.

The Diseases of Animals Act 1950.

The Income Tax Act 1952.

The National Health Service Act 1952.

The Disposal of Uncollected Goods Act 1952.

The Post Office Act 1953.

I A 2 Eliz. 2.

c. 50.

4 A 5 Eliz. 2. c. 16.

The Auxiliary Forces Act 1953.

The Food and Drugs Act 1955.

Extent of Repeal

Sections 6 and 7.

In Schedule 3, section 65(2): in section 66(1) the words 44 or fraudulently abstracts or uses water of the undertakers*: in section 66(2) the words44 or for enabling him fraudulently to abstract or use water *’ and the words from 44or as* onwards.

In section 26(4) the words from 44 by means of " to44 infirmity or*, where next occurring, and the words 44 or by any other fraudulent conduct*. In section 7(2) the words from 44 by means of *’ to44 infirmity or*, where next occurring, and the words 44 or by any other fraudulent conduct*. Section 84.

In section 328(1), paragraphs (m) and (n) and any reference to either of those paragraphs. Section 330(a).

In Schedule 3, in paragraph 29(1), the words 44 or fraudulently abstracts, consumes or uses gas of the Board,'* and in paragraph 29(3) the words 44 or for abstracting, consuming or using gas of the Board " and the words 44 abstraction or consumption*. Section 78(2Xx).

Section 505 (but this repeal shall not extend to Scotland).

In section 6 the words from 44 he shall" to 44 section".

In section 3(3) the words from 44 or who " to 44 particular *'.

Sections 52 and 54 and in section 57 the words 44 steals, or for any purpose whatever embezzles " (but these repeals shall not extend to Scotland).

Section 29(2).

Section 60, so far as unrepealed.

Sch. 3

3 B*

Ch. 60

Theft Act 1968

Session and

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

7 A 8 Eliz. 2. The Income Tax (Repay- Section 1(6) (but this repeal

c. 28. meat of Post - War Credits) Act 1959. shall not extend to Scotland).

8 A 9 Eliz. 2. The Road Traffic Act Section 217 (but this repeal

c. 16. 1960. shall not extend to Scotland).

1964 c. 28. The Agriculture and Horticulture Act 1964. In the Schedule, paragraph 3 from the words " or on con-

viction on indictment* onwards.

1966 c. 32. The Selective Employ- Section 8(2 X<»), (6) and (d) and

ment Payments Act 1966. (ii).

1966 c. 34. The Industrial Develop* Section 9.

ment Act 1966.

1967 c. 1. The Land Commission Section 81(5X*).

Act 1967. Section 93.

1967 c. 9. The General Rate Act Section 49(8).

1967.

1967 c. 12. The Teachers* Super- Section 14.

annuation Act 1967.

1967 c. 22. The Agriculture Act 1967. Section 69(lxii).

1967 c. 29. The Housing Subsidies Section 31.

Act 1967.

1967 c. 34. The Industrial Iqjuries and Section 11(1).

Diseases (Old Cases) Act In section 12(2) the words

1967. " section 11(1) of this Act and*.

1967 c. 85. The Vessels Protection Act The whole Act.

1967.

Part II

Obsoleth and redundant enactments

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

34 A 35 Hen. 8. The Laws in Wales Act Section 47 from " Item, that no

c. 26. 1542. person * onwards.

36 Geo. 3. The Hay and Straw Act The whole Act

c. 88. 1796.

5 Geo. 4. c. 83. The Vagrancy Act 1824 Sections 16 and 21.

4 A 5 Will. 4. The Hay and Straw Act The whole Act.

c. 21. 1834.

3 & 4 Vict. The Canals (Offences) Act Sections 13,15,17 and 19.

c. 50. 1840.

14 & 15 Vict. The Prevention of Sections 12 and 13.

c. 19. Offences Act 1851.

18 & 19 Vict. The Criminal Justice Act The whole Act, so far as

c. 126. 1855. unrepealed.

Theft Act 1968

. Ch. 60

1497

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

19 & 20 Vict c. 114. The Hay and Straw Act 1836. The whole Act.

32 & 33 Vict c. 57. The Seamen’s Clothing Act 1869. The whole Act

33 & 34 Vict, c. 65. The Larceny (Advertisements) Act 1870. The whole Act.

34 & 33 Vict c. 112. The Prevention of Crimes Act 1871. Sections 10 and 11.

39 & 40 Vict, c. 20. The Statute Law Revision (Substituted Enactments) Act 1876. Section 4.

39 & 60 Vict, c. 23. The Friendly Societies Act 1896. Section 87(2).

61 & 62 Vict. The Criminal Evidence In the Schedule, the entries for

c. 36. Act 1898. the Vagrancy Act 1824 and for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children Act 1894.

4 A 3 Geo. 5. c. 14. The Currency and Bank Notes Act 1914. The whole Act.

Part m

Consequential repeals

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

2 & 3 Vict, c. 47. The Metropolitan Police Act 1839. Section 66 from " and any person * onwards.

2 & 3 Vict, c. 71. The Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1839. Section 23.

3 & 4 Vict, c. 30. The Canals (Offences) Act 1840. Section 11 from the beginning to "law; and". Section 12.

33 & 34 Vict, c. 52. The Extradition Act 1870 In Schedule 1 the entries relating to embezzlement and larceny, to obtaining money or goods by false pretences, to fraud by bailees and others, to burglary and housebreaking, to robbery with violence and to threats by letter or otherwise with intent to extort

35 & 36 Vict c. 93. The Pawnbrokers Act 1872. In section 30, paragraph (2) (but this repeal shall not extend to Scotland).

38 & 39 Vict, c. 83. The Local Loans Act 1875. Section 32.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 59. The Colonial Stock Act 1877. Section 21. 3 B* 2

1498

Ch. 60

Theft Act 1968

Sch. 3

Session and

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

45 & 46 Vict c. 75.

47 & 48 Vict c. 14.

47 & 48 Vict.

The Married Women's Property Act 1882.

The Married Women's Property Act 1884.

The Naval Pensions Act

Sections 12 and 16, so far as

unrepealed.

The whole Act

In section 2 the words * or the

c. 44.

1884.

Admiralty (Powers, etc.) Act 1865

56 & 57 Vict.

c. 71.

60 & 61 Vict, c. 30.

The Sale of Goods Act 1893.

The Police (Property) Act 1897.

61 & 62 Vict. The Criminal Evidence c. 36. Act 1898.

Section 24.

In section 1(1) the words "section 103 of the Larceny Act 1861 ".

In the Schedule the entry for the Married Women's Pro-

16 A17 Geo. 5. c.7.

25 A 26 Geo. 5. c. 30.

The Bankruptcy (Amendment) Act 1926.

The Law Reform (Married Women and Tortfeasors) Act 1935.

perty Act 1882.

In section 5 the words *(13), (14) and" wherever occurring.

In Schedule 1 the entries amending section 12 of the Married Women's Property Act 1882 and the Larceny Act 1916.

11 A12 Geo. 6. c. 58.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 36.

14 A15 Geo. 6. c. 39.

15 A16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 45.

15 A 16 Geo. 6 A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

15 A16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 67.

1 A 2 Eliz. 2. c. 36.

The Criminal Justice Act 1948.

The War Damage (Public Utility Undertakings, etc.) Act 1949.

The Common Informers Act 1951.

The Pensions (Increase) Act 1952.

The Magistrates* Courts Act 1952.

The Visiting Forces Act 1952.

The Post Office Act 1953.

In section 41, subsection (3), in subsection (4) the words *or statutory declaration", and in subsection (5) the words * or statutory declaration" and the words from " or the person " onwards.

Section 10(9X«).

In the Schedule the entry relating to the Larceny Act 1861 section 102.

In Schedule 3 the entries for sections 6 and 7 of 7 A 8 Geo. 6. c. 21.

Section 33.

In Schedule 1, entries Nos. 1, 5 and 6.

In the Schedule, paragraph l(fcXv) and paragraph 3(a), (d) and (e).

In section 23(1), the words " and of the Larceny Act 1916 ".

8 A 9 Biz. 2.

c. 44.

10 A 11 Eliz. 2.

c. 15.

10 A11 Eliz. 2. c. 46.

The Finance Act 1960.

The Criminal Justice Administration Act 1962. The Transport Act 1962.

Section 55 (but this repeal shall not extend to Scotland).

In Schedule 3, paragraphs 4, 5, 6 and 8.

In Part I of Schedule 2 the entry for the Criminal Justice Act 1948.

Theft Act 1968

Ch. 60

1499

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

lO&llEliz. 2. The Road Traffic Act Section 44 (but this repeal shall

c. 59. 1962. not extend to Scotland).

1964 c. 26. The Licensing Act 1964. Section 100(4Xd).

1967 c. 58. The Criminal Law Act 1967. Section 4(7). In Schedule 1, in List A, item 1 in Division II, and, in List B, item 13. In Schedule 2, paragraph 2UX<z); in paragraph 4 the word "embezzlement paragraph 12, except in sub-paragraph (2) the words from "in the Bankruptcy Act" onwards and except sub-paragraph (6); and paragraph 13(1X6).

1968 c. 19. The Criminal Appeal Act 1968. In section 30, in subsection (1) the words from "and the operation" to "on conviction", in subsection (2) the words " or of section 24(1) of the Sale of Goods Act 1893 " and the words " or that subsection, as the case may be ", and in subsection (3) the words " or of the said section 24(1) ". Section 42(4).

1968 c. 27. The Firearms Act 1968. In section 17, subsection (3) and in subsection (5) the words from " and " onwards.

3 B* 3

Ch. 61

1501

Civil Aviation Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 61

An Act to amend the law relating to aerodromes, aircraft and civil aviation; to enable the Board of Trade to give financial assistance in respect of certain aerodromes; and to extend the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland in relation to aerodromes in Northern Ireland.

[25th October 1968]

Bb rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Aerodromes

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the road Control of traffic enactments shall apply in relation to roads which are ro^tr^fficf within a designated aerodrome but to which the public does not Tradeandtocal have access as they apply in relation to roads to which the public authority has access. aerodromes.

(2) The Minister of Transport may by order direct that in their application to roads within such an aerodrome the road traffic enactments shall have effect subject to such exceptions, adaptations or modifications as appear to him necessary or expedient for the purpose or in consequence of conferring—

(a) on the person owning or managing the aerodrome functions exercisable under those enactments by a highway authority or local authority; and

(b) on the chief officer of any aerodrome constabulary functions so exercisable by a chief officer of police.

(3) An order under this section may exempt from the application of the road traffic enactments particular roads or lengths

3 B* 4

1502

Ch. 61

Civil Aviation Act 1968

1949 c. 67.

Byelaws at Board of Trade

aerodromes.

of roads to which the public does not have access and may require the person owning or managing the aerodrome in question to indicate the roads or lengths of roads so exempted in such manner as may be specified in the order.

(4) Before making an order under this section in respect of any aerodrome the Minister of Transport shall consult the person owning or managing it.

(5) In this section—

" designated aerodrome " means any aerodrome which is owned or managed by the Board of Trade or a local authority and is designated for the purposes of this section by an order made by the Minister of Transport;

"the road traffic enactments" means the enactments (whether passed before or after this Act) relating to road traffic, including the lighting and parking of vehicles, and any order or other instrument having effect by virtue of any such enactment;

" aerodrome constabulary " means, in relation to an aerodrome owned or managed by the Board of Trade, the special constables appointed under section 37 of the Civil Aviation Act 1949 and, in relation to an aerodrome owned or managed by a local authority, any body of constables which the authority have power to maintain at that aerodrome.

(6) Any order under this section shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, and may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order under this section.

(7) In the application of this section to Scotland or Wales, for any reference to the Minister of Transport there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State; and for the purposes of this subsection Monmouthshire shall be treated as forming part of Wales.

2.—(1) The Board of Trade may, in respect of any aerodrome owned or managed by them, make byelaws for regulating the use and operation of the aerodrome and the conduct of all persons while within the aerodrome, and in particular byelaws—

(a) for securing the safety of aircraft, vehicles and persons

using the aerodrome and preventing danger to the public arising from the use and operation of the aerodrome;

(b) for preventing obstruction within the aerodrome;

(c) for regulating vehicular traffic anywhere within the aerodrome except on roads therein to which the road

Civil A viation Act 1968

Ch. 61

1503

traffic enactments apply, and in particular (with that exception) for imposing speed limits on vehicles therein and for restricting or regulating the parking of vehicles or their use for any purpose or in any manner specified in the byelaws;

(d) for prohibiting waiting by hackney carriages except at standings appointed by such person as may be specified in the byelaws;

(e) for prohibiting or restricting access to any part of the

aerodrome;

(/) for preserving order within the aerodrome and preventing damage to property therein;

(g) for regulating or restricting advertising within the aerodrome;

(Jh)for requiring any person, if so requested by a constable or aerodrome official, to leave the aerodrome or any particular part of it, or to state his name and address and the purpose of his being on the aerodrome;

(j) for restricting the area which is to be taken as constituting the aerodrome for the purposes of the byelaws.

(2) The power to make byelaws under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(3) Before making any byelaws under this section the Board shall take such steps as appear to the Board to be appropriate for giving public notice of the proposed byelaws and for affording an opportunity for representations to be made with respect to them, and the Board shall have regard to any such representations and may then make the byelaws in the form proposed or in that form with such modifications as the Board think fit.

(4) In section 23(9) of the Civil Aviation Act 1949, paragraph 1949 c. 67.

(e) (which enables Part II of the Military Lands Act 1892 to be 1892 c. 43. applied in relation to the Board’s aerodromes) is hereby repealed,

but any byelaws made under the said Part II which are in force immediately before the passing of this Act and relate to any aerodrome owned or managed by the Board of Trade shall, in so far as they could have been made by the Board under this section, continue in force and have effect as if so made.

(5) In paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section " the road traffic enactments " has the same meaning as in section 1 of this Act; and in paragraph (h) of that subsection "aerodrome official " means a person authorised by the person who is the owner or has the management of the aerodrome, and any such official shall not exercise any power under a byelaw made by virtue of that paragraph (including any byelaw so made by virtue

1504

Ch. 61

Civil Aviation Act 1968

Byelaws at local authority aerodromes.

1933 c. 51. 1947 c. 43.

Byelaws at certain private aerodromes.

1965 c. 16.

of section 3(1) or 4(1) of this Act) without producing written evidence of his authority if required to do so.

(6) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland, in subsection (l)(c) the words " except on roads therein to which the road traffic enactments apply " and " (with that exception) " shall be omitted.

3. —(1) A local authority may, in respect of any aerodrome owned or managed by it, make byelaws for regulating the use and operation of the aerodrome and the conduct of all persons while within the aerodrome, and in particular byelaws with respect to any of the matters mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (<) of section 2(1) of this Act

(2) The confirming authority in relation to byelaws made under this section shall be the Board of Trade.

(3) Section 250(9) of the Local Government Act 1933 and section 301(14) of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947 (notice of byelaws made by one local authority to be given to another) and section 251 of the said Act of 1933 and section 302 of the said Act of 1947 (penalties) shall not apply to byelaws made under this section.

i

(4) The Board of Trade may, after consultation with any local authority which appears to the Board to be concerned, by order repeal any enactment in a local Act which appears to the Board to be unnecessary having regard to the provisions of this section or to be inconsistent therewith; and any such order, which shall be made by statutory instrument and subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, may contain such incidental and transitional provisions as the Board think fit.

4. —(1) The Board of Trade may by order designate for the purposes of this section any private aerodrome (that is to say, any aerodrome not owned or managed by the Board, the British Airports Authority or a local authority), and the proprietor of any aerodrome so designated shall have power to make byelaws for regulating the use and operation of the aerodrome and the conduct of all persons while within the aerodrome, and in particular byelaws with respect to any of the matters mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (/) of section 2(1) of this Act.

(2) Byelaws made under this section shall not have effect until they are confirmed by the Board, and the provisions of Schedule 3 to the Airports Authority Act 1965 (which govern the making and confirmation of byelaws by the Authority) shall apply also, subject to any necessary modifications, to byelaws made under this section.

Civil Aviation Act

Ch. 61

1505

(3) Any order under subsection (1) of this section shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, and may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order under that subsection.

5. Any person contravening any byelaws made under section Byelaws:

2, 3 or 4 of this Act shall be liable on summary conviction penalties, to a fine not exceeding such amount as may be specified by the byelaws in question in relation to the contravention, but no amount so specified shall exceed twenty-five pounds.

6. —(1) Any local authority may make arrangements with provision of the person owning or managing an aerodrome in Great Britain facilities by whereby the local authority provides facilities for civil aviation Ioc*J ..

at that aerodrome; and the power of a local authority under

section 19 of the Civil Aviation Act 1949 to provide and maintain not established

roads, approaches, apparatus, equipment, buildings and other or maintained

accommodation shall be exercisable in connection with any aero- by them.

drome in respect of which the local authority has made such an 1949 c. 67.

arrangement.

(2) Section 20 of the said Act of 1949 (under which the Board of Trade may empower a local authority to carry on an ancillary business in connection with any aerodrome provided by the local authority under section 19 of that Act) shall have effect as if references to any aerodrome provided by a local authority under the said section 19 included references to so much of any other aerodrome as consists of buildings or other works provided and maintained by a local authority by virtue of the foregoing subsection.

(3) The power of a local authority under section 3 of this Act to make byelaws in respect of any aerodrome owned or managed by it shall include power to make byelaws in respect of so much of any other aerodrome as consists of buildings or other works provided by it as aforesaid.

(4) Provision may be made under paragraph (o) of section 8(2) of the said Act of 1949 for regulating the charges that may be made for the use of, and for services provided at, so much of any aerodrome (whether or not licensed as mentioned in that paragraph) as consists of buildings or other works provided as aforesaid by a local authority.

(5) The Board of Trade may, after consultation with any local authority which appears to the Board to be concerned, by order repeal any enactment in a local Act which appears to the Board to be unnecessary having regard to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection or to be inconsistent therewith;

1506

Ch. 61

Civil Aviation Act

Powers of rural district councils as respects aerodromes.

1949 c. 67.

Facilities for consultation at certain aerodromes.

Appointment of traffic wardens by British Airports Authority.

and any such order, which shall be made by statutory instrument and subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, may contain such incidental and transitional provisions as the Board think fit.

7. Section 19 of the Civil Aviation Act 1949 (power of local authorities to provide aerodromes) shall have effect in relation to councils of rural districts as it has effect in relation to other local authorities, and accordingly in subsection (9) of that section the words " the expression ‘ local authority ’ does not include the council of a rural district in England or Wales, and " are hereby repealed.

8. —(1) This section applies to any aerodrome which is managed by a person other than the British Airports Authority and is designated for the purposes of this section by an order made by the Board of Trade.

(2) The person having the management of any aerodrome to which this section applies shall provide for users of the aerodrome, for any local authority (or, if the person having the management of the aerodrome is a local authority, for any other local authority) in whose area the aerodrome or any part thereof is situated or whose area is in the neighbourhood of the aerodrome, and for any other organisation representing the interests of persons concerned with the locality in which the aerodrome is situated, adequate facilities for consultation with respect to any matter concerning the management or administration of the aerodrome which affects their interests.

(3) Any order under this section shall be made by statutory instrument and may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order under this section, but any order varying or revoking a previous order under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

9. —(1) For the purpose of enabling persons appointed by the British Airports Authority to discharge in relation to the aerodromes owned or managed by the Authority functions discharged elsewhere by traffic wardens appointed by police authorities, the Board of Trade may by order apply in relation to the Authority, subject to such adaptations and modifications as appear to the Board to be necessary or expedient, any enactment relating to traffic wardens which is for the time being in force (whether passed before or after the commencement of this Act) and any order or other instrument having effect by virtue of any such enactment.

(2) Any order under this section shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance

Civil Aviation Act 1968

Ch. 61

1507

of a resolution of either House of Parliament, and may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order under this section.

10.—(1) The Minister of Transport may by order direct that, in their application to land in any aerodrome owned or managed by the British Airports Authority, the provisions of—

(a) section 20, section 21 and section 22 of the Civic Amenities

Act 1967 (powers and duties of local authorities to remove and dispose of vehicles abandoned on land in their area) and section 28 of that Act (powers of entry etc.) so far as relating to the said section 20; and

(b) any regulations for the time being in force under any of those sections,

shall have effect subject to such exceptions, adaptations or modifications as appear to him necessary or expedient for the purpose or in consequence of transferring to the Authority the powers and duties conferred or imposed by those provisions on local authorities or local authorities of any description.

(2) In relation to the provisions of—

(a) sections 20, 52 and 53 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 (removal of vehicles from roads if illegally, obstructively or dangerously parked or broken down, and from roads or open land if abandoned); and

(b) any regulations for the time being in force under any of

those sections,

the powers of the Minister of Transport under section 12(2) of the Airports Authority Act 1965 (which enable him to adapt the road traffic enactments in their application to roads within aerodromes owned or managed by the Authority for the purpose of conferring on the Authority and the chief officer of its constabulary functions of local authorities and chief officers of police) shall be exercisable not only as respects the application of those provisions to roads within those aerodromes but also as respects their application to other land within those aerodromes.

(3) Where the provisions of—

(a) section 20 of the Civic Amenities Act 1967;

(b) section 20 or 52 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967; or

(c) any regulations for the time being in force under any of

those sections,

apply to land in any aerodrome in accordance with an order made under or by virtue of this section, those provisions shall have effect in relation to vehicles in a building on that land which is used for poviding facilities for the parking of vehicles as they have effect in relation to vehicles on land in die open air.

Functions of

British

Airports

Authority

as respects

abandoned

vehicles.

1967 c. 69.

1967 c. 76.

1965 c. 16.

1508

Ch. 61

Civil Aviation Act 1968

(4) Before making an order under subsection (1) of this section the Minister of Transport shall consult the British Airports Authority; and any such order shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, and may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order.

(5) In the application of this section to Scotland or Wales, for any reference to the Minister of Transport there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State; and for the purposes of this subsection Monmouthshire shall be treated as forming part of Wales.

Prevention of theft at aerodromes of British Airports Authority.

1965 c. 16.

11.—(1) The Board of Trade may by order designate for the purposes of this section any area appearing to the Board to be used wholly or mainly for the storage or handling of cargo in any aerodrome owned or managed by the British Airports Authority.

(2) Any constable appointed under the Airports Authority Act 1965 may—

(a) stop any person who is leaving an area designated for the

purposes of this section and inspect any goods carried by that person;

(b) stop and search any vehicle or aircraft which is leaving any such area and inspect the vehicle or aircraft and any goods carried on or in it; and

(c) detain in the area—

(i) any such goods as aforesaid for which there is not produced a document authorising their removal from the area signed by a person authorised in that behalf by the British Airports Authority; and

(ii) any such vehicle or aircraft as aforesaid so long as there are on or in it goods liable to detention under this paragraph.

(3) Nothing in subsection (2) of this section shall be construed as conferring a power to search any person.

(4) In any area designated for the purposes of this section the powers of a constable under section 11(2)(6) of the said Act of 1965 (by virtue of which he has power to stop, search and detain any vehicle carrying a person employed by the Authority or employed to work on any of their aerodromes, and to board and search any aircraft, if he has reasonable grounds to suspect that stolen property is to be found in or on the vehicle or aircraft) shall—

(a) extend to any vehicle whether or not it is carrying such a person as aforesaid; and

Civil Aviation Act 1968

Ch. 61

1509

(b) include power, not only to board and search an aircraft, but also to stop and detain it.

(5) Any order under this section shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, and may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order under this section.

12.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, the Board of Financial Trade may, with the approval of the Treasury, make grants or assistance loans— for certain

aerodrome!

(a) in respect of any expenses incurred or to be incurred by

any person—

(i) in investigating the need for, or for the expansion of, an aerodrome in any part of Great Britain;

(ii) in establishing or expanding any such aerodrome;

(iii) in maintaining any such aerodrome or in providing or maintaining, in connection therewith, roads, approaches, apparatus, equipment, buildings or other accommodation;

(b) for making good any losses incurred by any person in

the operation of, or in the provision of any services at, any such aerodrome.

(2) No grant or loan shall be made under this section in respect of, or in connection with, any of the aerodromes which

were transferred to the British Airports Authority by the Airports 1965 c. 16. Authority Act 1965; and for the purposes of subsection (3) of section 5 of that Act (which sets a limit of £70 million on the aggregate amount outstanding in respect of the principal of any money borrowed by the Authority under that section and its commencing capital debt) any money lent to the Authority under this section shall be treated as if it were money borrowed by the Authority under that section.

(3) Any loan made by the Board under this section shall be repaid to them at such times and by such methods, and (except in the case of a loan made by the Board free of interest) interest thereon shall be paid to the Board at such rates and at such times, as the Board may with the approval of the Treasury from time to time direct.

13.—(1) The limitation imposed by paragraph (10) of sub- Aerodromes section (1) of section 4 of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 precluding the Parliament of Northern Ireland from making 1920 67 laws in respect of aerial navigation shall not be construed as

1510

Ch. 61

Civil Aviation Act 1968

1949 c. 67.

1936 c. 49.

Detention and sale of aircraft for unpaid airport charges.

precluding that Parliament from making laws in respect of aerodromes in Northern Ireland and, in relation to any such laws as aforesaid—

(a) the limitation imposed by paragraph (1) of that subsection in respect of the Crown or the property of the Crown (including foreshore vested in die Crown); and

(b) the limitation imposed by paragraph (7) of that subsection in respect of trade with any place outside Northern Ireland or quarantine,

shall not apply.

(2) In the Civil Aviation Act 1949—

(a) sections 19 and 20 (local authority aerodromes) shall cease to extend to Northern Ireland; and

(b) section 22 (aerodromes of other statutory bodies in Northern Ireland), in Schedule 9 (provisions which may be adapted for Northern Ireland) the words " Sections nineteen to twenty-two ", Schedule 10 (compulsory purchase of land in Northern Ireland) and paragraph 1(4) of Schedule 11 (application of section 143 of the Public Health Act 1936 to Board of Trade aerodromes in Northern Ireland) are hereby repealed;

but this subsection shall not have effect until such date as may be appointed by the Board of Trade by an order made by statutory instrument.

(3) The powers conferred by section 8 of the said Act of 1949 (regulation of air navigation) may be exercised so as to provide for the licensing of any aerodrome in Northern Ireland notwithstanding that it is owned or managed by any department of the government of Northern Ireland and so as to impose duties on any such department as licensee of any such aerodrome, including duties as to the charges which may be made for the use of, or for services provided at, any such aerodrome.

Charges at airports and for air navigation services

14.—(1) Where default is made in the payment of airport charges incurred in respect of any aircraft at an aerodrome to which this section applies, the aerodrome authority may, subject to the provisions of this section—

(a) detain, pending payment, either—

(i) the aircraft in respect of which the charges were incurred (whether or not they were incurred by the person who is the operator of the aircraft at the time when the detention begins); or

Civil Aviation Act 1968

Ch. 61

1511

(ii) any other aircraft of which the person in default is the operator at the time when the detention begins; and

(b) if the charges are not paid within fifty-six days of the date when the detention begins, sell the aircraft in order to satisfy the charges.

(2) An aerodrome authority shall not detain, or continue to detain, an aircraft under this section by reason of any alleged default in the payment of airport charges if the operator of the aircraft or any other person claiming an interest therein—

(a) disputes that the charges, or any of them, are due or, if the aircraft is detained under subsection (l)(a)(i) of this section, that the charges in question were incurred in respect of that aircraft; and

(b) gives to the authority, pending the determination of the dispute, sufficient security for the payment of the charges which are alleged to be due.

(3) An aerodrome authority shall not sell an aircraft under this section without the leave of the court; and the court shall not give leave except on proof that a sum is due to the authority for airport charges, that default has been made in the payment thereof and that the aircraft which the authority seek leave to sell is liable to sale under this section by reason of the default.

(4) An aerodrome authority proposing to apply for leave to sell an aircraft under this section shall take such steps as may be prescribed by the Board of Trade by regulations made by statutory instrument—

(a) for bringing the proposed application to the notice of persons whose interests may be affected by the determination of the court thereon; and

(b) for affording to any such person an opportunity of becoming a party to the proceedings on the application;

and, if leave is given, the aerodrome authority shall secure that the aircraft is sold for the best price that can reasonably be obtained; but failure to comply with any requirement of this subsection in respect of any sale, while actionable as against the aerodrome authority concerned at the suit of any person suffering loss in consequence thereof, shall not, after the sale has taken place, be a ground for impugning its validity.

(5) The proceeds of any sale under this section shall be applied as follows, and in the following order, that is to say-

fa) in payment of any customs duty or purchase tax which is due in consequence of the aircraft having been brought into the United Kingdom;

Ch. 61

Civil Aviation Act 1968

(b) in payment of the expenses incurred by the aerodrome

authority in detaining, keeping and selling the aircraft, including their expenses in connection with the application to the court;

(c) in payment of the airport charges which the court has

found to be due;

(d) in payment of any charge in respect of the aircraft which

is due by virtue of regulations under section 4 of the Civil Aviation (Eurocontrol) Act 1962 (charges for air navigation services);

and the surplus, if any, shall be paid to or among the person or persons whose interests in the aircraft have been divested by reason of the sale.

(6) The power of detention and sale conferred by this section in respect of an aircraft extends to the equipment of the aircraft and any stores for use in connection with its operation (being equipment and stores carried in the aircraft) whether or not the property of the person who is its operator, and references to the aircraft in subsections (2) to (5) of this section include, except where the context otherwise requires, references to any such equipment and stores.

(7) The power of detention conferred by this section in respect of an aircraft extends to any aircraft documents carried in it; and any such documents may, if the aircraft is sold under this section, be transferred by the aerodrome authority to the purchaser.

(8) The power conferred by this section to detain an aircraft in respect of which charges have been incurred may be exercised on the occasion on which the charges have been incurred or on any subsequent occasion when the aircraft is on the aerodrome on which those charges were incurred or on any other aerodrome owned or managed by the aerodrome authority concerned.

(9) This section applies to any aerodrome owned or managed by any government department, the British Airports Authority or a local authority and to any other aerodrome designated for the purposes of this section by an order made by the Board of Trade; and in this section—

"aerodrome authority", in relation to any aerodrome, means the person owning or managing it;

" airport charges " means charges payable to an aerodrome authority for the use of, or for services provided at, an aerodrome but does not include charges payable by virtue of regulations under section 4 of the Civil Aviation (Eurocontrol) Act 1962;

Civil Aviation Act

Ch. 61

1513

"aircraft documents", in relation to any aircraft, means any certificate of registration, maintenance or airworthiness of that aircraft, any log book relating to the use of that aircraft or its equipment and any similar document;

"the court" means, as respects England and Wales, the High Court; as respects Scotland, the Court of Session; and, as respects Northern Ireland, the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland;

" operator ", in relation to any aircraft, means the person for the time being having the management of that aircraft.

(10) The Board of Trade may, after consultation with any local authority which appears to the Board to be concerned, by order repeal any enactment in a local Act which appears to the Board to be unnecessary having regard to the provisions of this section or to be inconsistent therewith, and any such order may contain such incidental and transitional provisions as the Board think fit.

(11) Any order under subsection (9) or (10) of this section shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, and may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order under that subsection.

(12) Nothing in this section shall prejudice any right of an aerodrome authority to recover any charges, or any part thereof, by action.

(13) The foregoing provisions of this section shall come into force on such day as the Board of Trade may by order made by statutory instrument appoint.

15.—(1) Regulations may be made by the Board of Trade under Charges for section 4 of the Civil Aviation (Eurocontrol) Act 1962 for navigation requiring the payment— services.

(a) to any international organisation other than the Organis-1962 C‘8’ ation mentioned in that section, or

(b) to any government outside the United Kingdom,

of charges of such amounts as may be prescribed by the regulations in respect of navigation services provided for aircraft, being services provided by that international organisation or government, as the case may be, in pursuance of an agreement to which the United Kingdom is a party.

1514

Ch. 61

Civil Aviation Act 1968

(2) In relation to regulations made under the said section 4 by virtue of the foregoing subsection, that section shall have effect as if—

(a) in subsection (3)(a) (which requires the charges payable to the Organisation mentioned in that section to be fixed in accordance with tariffs approved under the Convention relating to that Organisation) for the references to that Organisation and Convention there were substituted respectively references to the international organisation or government to which charges are payable by virtue of the regulations and to die relevant agreement with the United Kingdom;

(b) in subsection (4Xb) and (c) (under which certain information can be required by the said Organisation) for the reference to that Organisation there were substituted a reference to the international organisation or government aforesaid.

(3) Liability for any charges payable by virtue of regulations under the said section 4 and the requirements mentioned in subsection (4) of that section may be imposed upon the operator of any aircraft whether or not it is registered in the United Kingdom, whether or not it is in or over the United Kingdom at the time when the services to which the charges relate are provided and whether or not those services are provided from a place in the United Kingdom.

(4) Regulations under section 7(2) of the said Act of 1962 (provisions for securing compliance with regulations under the said section 4) may make, in relation to aircraft detained for non-payment of any charge payable by virtue of regulations under the said section 4, provision corresponding to any provision made by or under section 14 of this Act.

(5) In the said section 7(2) (which deals with regulations made by the Board of Trade but at one point erroneously refers to Her Majesty in Council) for the words " Her Majesty in Council " there shall be substituted the words " the Board of Trade ".

(6) In this section * navigation services " and " operator *' have the same meanings respectively as in the said Act of 1962.

Rights in aircraft

Poww to 16.—(i) Her Majesty may by Order in Council make provision

mortrarinK ° ^or mortgaging of aircraft registered in the United Kingdom of aircraft? or capable of being so registered.

Civil Aviation Act 1968

Ch. 61

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the powers conferred by the foregoing subsection, an Order in Council under this section may, in particular—

(a) include provisions which correspond (subject to such adaptations or modifications as appear to Her Majesty in Council to be necessary or expedient) to any of the provisions of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 relating 1894 c. 60. to the mortgaging of ships;

(b) make provision as respects the rights and liabilities of mortgagors and mortgagees of such aircraft as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, and as respects the priority inter se of such rights and the relationship of such rights to other rights in or over such aircraft, including possessory liens for work done to such aircraft and rights under section 14 of this Act or under regulations made by virtue of section 7(2) of the Civil Aviation (Eurocontrol) Act 1962; 1962 c. 8.

(c) make provision as respects the operation, in relation to

such aircraft as aforesaid, of any of the enactments in force in any part of the United Kingdom relating to bills of sale or the registration of charges on the property or undertaking of companies;

(d) provide for the rights of mortgagees of such aircraft to be exercisable, in such circumstances as may be specified in the Order, in relation to payments for the use of the aircraft;

(e) confer on courts in the United Kingdom powers in

respect of any register maintained in pursuance of the Order and in respect of transactions affecting aircraft registered therein;

(/) make provision for enabling the mortgage of an aircraft to extend to any store of spare parts for that aircraft and for applying, for that purpose, to any such spare parts provisions such as are mentioned in die foregoing paragraphs of this subsection;

(g) make provision for prescribing, subject to the consent of the Treasury, the fees to be paid in respect of the making or deletion of entries in any such register as aforesaid and in respect of any other matters in respect of which it appears to Her Majesty in Council to be expedient for the purposes of the Order to charge fees;

(h) provide for the imposition of penalties in respect of the making of false statements in connection with matters dealt with in the Order and in respect of the forgery of documents relating to such matters.

1516

Ch. 61

Civil Aviation Act 1968

(3) An Order in Council under this section may provide for any of the provisions of any such Order to extend, subject to such exceptions, adaptations and modifications as may be specified in the Order, to any relevant overseas territory and to aircraft registered in any such territory.

Power to give effect to Convention on Rights in

Aircraft.

1962 c. 8.

17.—<1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council make such provision as appears to Her to be necessary or expedient for giving effect to die Convention on the International Recognition of Rights in Aircraft which was signed at Geneva on behalf of the United Kingdom on 19th June 1948.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the powers conferred by the foregoing subsection, an Order in Council under this section may, in particular, make provision—

(a) for the recognition in the United Kingdom of rights of

the kind specified in the Convention in or over aircraft registered in other states party to the Convention, being rights registered or recorded in those states in accordance with the Convention and recognised as valid by the law of the state party to the Convention in which the aircraft in question was registered when the rights were constituted;

(b) for subordinating to any such rights as aforesaid, to such extent as may be required under the Convention, any other rights in or over such aircraft as aforesaid, including possessory liens for work done to such aircraft and rights under section 14 of this Act or under regulations made by virtue of section 7(2) of the Civil Aviation (Eurocontrol) Act 1962;

(c) as respects the operation, in relation to such aircraft as

aforesaid, of any of the enactments in force in any part of the United Kingdom relating to bills of sale or the registration of charges on the property or undertaking of companies;

(d) for prohibiting the sale in execution of any such aircraft

as aforesaid without an order of a court, and otherwise for safeguarding in the case of such a sale any such rights as are mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection;

(e) for the recognition in the United Kingdom, in priority

to other rights in or over any such aircraft as aforesaid or any aircraft registered in the United Kingdom or a relevant overseas territory, of any charge consequent on salvage or similar operations in respect of the aircraft, being a charge arising in accordance with the law of any other state party to the Convention in which those operations terminated;

Civil Aviation Act 1968

Ch. 61

1517

(/) for the application, in accordance with the Convention, of provisions corresponding to those made by virtue of paragraphs (a) to (d) of this subsection to cases where a right such as is mentioned in the said paragraph (a)

(being a right created as security for the payment of indebtedness) extends to any store of spare parts for the aircraft in question.

(3) An Order in Council under this section may provide for any of the provisions of any such Order to extend, subject to such exceptions, adaptations and modifications as may be specified in the Order, to any relevant overseas territory.

18.—-(1) An Order in Council under either of the two last Provisions foregoing sections may apply, in such cases and to such extent supplementary as appears to Her Majesty in Council to be expedient, to aircraft rf belonging to or employed in the service of Her Majesty.

(2) An Order in Council under either of those sections may contain such incidental and supplementary provisions as appear to Her Majesty in Council to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the Order, and may be revoked or varied by a subsequent Order under that section.

(3) No such Order as aforesaid shall be submitted to Her Majesty in Council unless a draft thereof has been laid before, and approved by a resolution of, each House of Parliament:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to an Order which applies only to a relevant overseas territory.

(4) In the two last foregoing sections and in this section " relevant overseas territory * means any of the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man, any colony and any country or place outside Her Majesty’s dominions in which for the time being Her Majesty has jurisdiction.

Miscellaneous

19.—(1) In subsection (2) of section 8 of the Civil Aviation Control of Act 1949 (which in paragraphs (a) to specifies matters con- aircraft cemed with the regulation of air navigation for which provision subsonic may be made by an Order in Council under that section) there flight shall be added the following paragraphs:— 1949 c. 67.

" (r) for prohibiting aircraft from taking off or landing in the United Kingdom unless there are in force in respect of those aircraft such certificates of compliance with standards as to noise as may be specified in the Order and except upon compliance with the conditions of those certificates;

1518

Extraterritorial regulation of certain British-controlled aircraft not registered in the United Kingdom. 1949 c. 67.

Registration of rights enforceable under s. 23(7) of Act of 1949.

1925 c. 22.

Ch. 61 Civil Aviation Act 1968

(s) for regulating ot prohibiting the flight of aircraft over the United Kingdom at speeds in excess of Flight Mach 1.

(2) No Order under section 8 of the said Act of 1949 making provision for any such matter as is mentioned in paragraph (r) of subsection (2) of that section shall be submitted to Her Majesty in Council unless a draft thereof has been laid before, and approved by a resolution of, each House of Parliament; and so much of section 57(2) of that Act as provides that Orders in Council under the said section 8 are to be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament shall not apply to any such Order as aforesaid.

20. In relation to any Order in Council made by virtue of section 8 of the Civil Aviation Act 1949 (regulation of air navigation) and any regulation made by virtue of such an Order, section 59(1) of that Act (under which such an Order or regulation may have extra-territorial effect in relation to British aircraft registered in the United Kingdom) shall have effect as if references therein to British aircraft registered in the United Kingdom included references to any aircraft which is not so registered but is for the time being under the management of a person who, or of persons each of whom, is qualified to be the owner of a legal or beneficial interest in an aircraft registered in the United Kingdom.

21. —(1) A right in or in relation to land in England or Wales granted or agreed to be granted to the Board of Trade after die passing of this Act shall not be enforceable by virtue of section 23(7) of the Civil Aviation Act 1949 (powers over land in connection with civil aviation) against a purchaser for money or money's worth of a legal estate in any land to which the grant or agreement in question relates unless before the completion of the purchase the grant or agreement has been registered in the prescribed manner in the register of local land charges of the local authority in whose area the land, or any part of the land, to which the grant or agreement relates is situated.

(2) The power conferred by subsection (6) of section 15 of the Land Charges Act 1925 to make rules for giving effect to the provisions of that section shall be exercisable for giving effect to the foregoing subsection; and in that subsection "prescribed" means prescribed by rules made in the exercise of that power.

(3) In subsection (1) of this section " local authority " means the council of a county district, county borough or London borough and the Common Council of the City of London, and " purchaser " has the same meaning as in the said Act of 1925.

(4) A grant or agreement made as respects land in Scotland shall not be enforceable by virtue of section 23(7) of the said

Civil Aviation Act 1968

Ch. 61

1519

Act of 1949 against a third party who shall have in good faith and for value acquired right (whether completed by infeftment or not) to the land prior to the grant or agreement being recorded in the Register of Sasines, or against any person deriving title from such third party.

22. In section 26(1) of the Civil Aviation Act 1949 (power of Control over Board of Trade to exercise control over land in the interests of [and in the safe and efficient use for civil aviation purposes of land vested ®f

in or to be acquired by the Board) the reference to civil aviation civil aircraft, purposes shall include a reference to the testing of aircraft 1949 c 67 designed for civil aviation.

23.—(1) Summary proceedings for an offence against any Provisions Order in Council in force under section 8 of the Civil Aviation relating to Act 1949, or any regulations made by virtue of such an Order, ainj^tt may be instituted at any time within twelve months from the acci n s‘ commission of the offence if—

(i a)it was committed in connection with the flight of an aircraft in the course of which an accident occurred; and

(6) not more than six months after the commission of the offence—

(i) public notice has been given that an investigation into the accident is being carried out in accordance with regulations under section 10 of the said Act of 1949; or

(ii) the Board of Trade (acting alone or with any other government department) have directed that a public inquiry into the accident be held in accordance with those regulations.

(2) The fact that any such direction as is mentioned in subsection (l)(6)(ii) of this section has been given on any date may be proved by the production of a certificate to that effect purporting to be signed by an officer of the Board of Trade.

(3) For the purposes of this section the flight of an aircraft shall be deemed to include any period from the moment when power is applied for the purpose of the aircraft taking off on a flight until the moment when the landing run (if any) at the termination of that flight ends.

(4) In the said section 10 and in this section " accident " shall be construed as including any fortuitous or unexpected event by which the safety of an aircraft or any person is threatened.

3ic

1520

Ch. 61

Civil Aviation Act 1968

Power of 24. Without prejudice to their powers apart from this section,

British Airports the British Airports Authority, the British European Airways

th®nty> Corporation and the British Overseas Airways Corporation shall

B.O.A.C each have power to provide for any person technical advice or

to provide assistance, including research services, as respects any matter in

technical which the Authority or, as the case may be, the Corporation

advice and concerned have skill or experience, assistance.

Minor

amendments relating to British Airports Authority, B.E.A. and B.O.A.C. 1965 c. 16. 1967 c. 33.

25.—<1) Paragraph 8(1) of Schedule 1 to the Airports Authority Act 1965 and paragraph 11 of Schedule 1 to the Air Corporations Act 1967 (which require the fixing of the common seal of the Authority and of B.E.A. and B.O.A.C. to be authenticated by the signatures of the chairman or a member of the body concerned and also by another person authorised to act for that purpose) shall be amended as follows:—

(a) in the said paragraph 8(1) for the words from "the signatures* to the end there shall be substituted the words " the signature of the secretary of the Authority or some other person authorised by the Authority, either generally or specially, to act for that purpose ’*;

(b) in the said paragraph 11 for the words from " the signature ’* to the end there shall be substituted the words " the signature of the secretary of the corporation or some other person authorised by the corporation, either generally or specially, to act for that purpose *;

(2) It is hereby declared that—

(a) in the said Act of 1965 "pension*, in relation to a person, means a pension, whether contributory or not, of any kind whatsoever payable to or in respect of him, and includes a gratuity so payable and a return of contributions to a pension fund, with or without interest thereon or any other addition thereto, and any sums payable on or in respect of the death of that person; and

(b) for the purpose of making any provision required or authorised to be made by regulations under section 24 of the said Act of 1967 (pensions and similar benefits for employees of B.E.A., B.O.A.C. and certain other undertakings and bodies) regulations under that section may incorporate and give effect to provisions contained in any trust deed entered into by any employing authority within the meaning of that section.

Inoperative 26. The following provisions of the Civil Aviation Act 1949

wdXSSlS are hereby repealed, namely—

by aircraft. (a) section 42 and Schedule 5 (limit of liability for loss or

1949 c. 67. damage caused by aircraft);

Civil Aviation Act 1968

Ch. 61

1521

(b) section 48 (power to give effect to Convention relating to damage caused by aircraft);

(c) section 50 (which confers a power, not yet exercised, to

bring the foregoing provisions into operation);

(d) in Part I of Schedule 9 the words " Sections forty-two to fifty ".

Supplementary

27.—(1) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any expenses (including grants or loans under section 12)

incurred by any government department in consequence of any provision of this Act;

(b) any increase attributable to this Act in the sums so payable under any other Act.

(2) There shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund any sums received by any government department in consequence of any provision of this Act.

(3) In this section " government department " does not include the Postmaster General.

28.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Civil Aviation Act 1968.

(2) This Act and the Civil Aviation Acts 1949 to 1967 may be cited together as the Civil Aviation Acts 1949 to 1968.

(3) In this Act, except where the context otherwise requires—

" aerodrome " means any area of land or water designed, equipped, set apart or commonly used for affording facilities for the landing and departure of aircraft and includes any area or space, whether on the ground, on the roof of a building or elsewhere, which is designed, equipped or set apart for affording facilities for the landing and departure of aircraft capable of descending or climbing vertically; and

" local authority " means, in relation to England and Wales, the council of a county, county borough, county district or London borough, the Greater London Council or the Common Council of the City of London and, in relation to Scotland, a county council or a town council.

(4) The definitions of " aerodrome " and " local authority " contained in the last foregoing subsection shall be substituted for the definitions of those expressions contained in section 63(1) of the Civil Aviation Act 1949.

3 C 2

Financial

provisions.

Short title, interpretation and extent.

1949 c. 67.

1522

Ch. 61

Civil Aviation Act 1968

(5) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended, and as including a reference thereto as extended or applied, by or under any other enactment, including, except where the context otherwise requires, this Act.

(6) The following provisions of this Act extend to Northern Ireland, namely—

sections 2, 5 and 14 (until the date appointed under section 13(2) of this Act)

section 13

sections 15 to 20

sections 22 and 23

section 24 except so far as it relates to the British Airports Authority

1967 c. 33. section 25 so far as it relates to the Air Corporations Act 1967

section 26 this section

but, save as aforesaid, this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Ch.

1523

Clean Air Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 62

An Act to make further provision for abating the pollution of the air.

[25th October 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Dark smoke

1.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, dark smoke shall not be emitted from any industrial or trade premises and if, on any day, dark smoke is so emitted the occupier of the premises shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

(2) Subsection (1) above shall not apply to the emission of dark smoke from a chimney of a building or from any other chimney to which section 1 of the principal Act (prohibition of dark smoke from chimneys) applies.

(3) The Minister may by regulations exempt from subsection (1) above, subject to compliance with such conditions if any as may be prescribed, the emission of dark smoke caused by the burning of any prescribed matter.

(4) In proceedings for an offence under this section it shall be a defence to prove that the contravention complained of was inadvertent and that all practicable steps had been taken to prevent or minimise the emission of dark smoke.

(5) In this section "industrial or trade premises" means premises used for any industrial or trade purposes or premises not so used on which matter is burnt in connection with any industrial or trade process.

3 C 3

Prohibition of dark smoke from industrial or trade premises.

1524

Ch. 62

Clean Air Act 1968

Grit, dust and fumes

Emission of 2.—(1) The Minister may by regulations prescribe limits on

grit and dust the rates of emission of grit and dust from the chimneys of rom umaees. to which this section applies, and different limits may

be prescribed under this subsection for different cases and according to different circumstances.

(2) If on any day grit or dust is emitted from a chimney serving a furnace to which this section applies at a rate exceeding the relevant limit prescribed under subsection (1) above, the occupier of any building in which the furnace is situated shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

(3) In proceedings for an offence under subsection (2) above it shall be a defence to prove that the best practicable means had been used for minimising the alleged emission.

(4) If. in the case of a building containing a furnace to which this section applies and which is served by a chimney to which there is no limit applicable under subsection (1) above, the occupier fails to use any practicable means there may be for minimising the emission of grit or dust from the chimney, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

(5) This section applies to any furnace in which solid, liquid or gaseous matter is burnt, not being a furnace designed solely or mainly for domestic purposes and used for heating a boiler with maximum heating capacity of less than 55,000 British thermal units per hour.

(6) Section 5 of the principal Act (grit and dust from solid fuel furnaces) shall cease to have effect.

Requirement to fit

arrestment plant to new furnaces.

3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of section 4 of this Act no furnace to which section 2 above applies shall be used in a building—

(a) to bum pulverised fuel; or

(b) to bum, at a rate of 100 pounds or more an hour, any

other solid matter; or

(c) to bum, at a rate equivalent to 1£ million or more British

thermal units an hour, any liquid or gaseous matter;

unless the furnace is provided with plant for arresting grit and dust which has been approved by the local authority or which has been installed in accordance with plans and specifications submitted to and approved by the local authority, and that plant is properly maintained and used.

(2) The Minister may by regulations substitute for any rate mentioned in subsection (1)(6) or (c) above such other rate as he

Clean Air Act 1968

Ch. 62

1525

thinks fit, but no regulations shall be made under this subsection so as to reduce any such rate unless a draft of the regulations has been laid before Parliament and approved by each House of Parliament.

(3) If on any day a furnace is used in contravention of subsection (1) above, the occupier of the building shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

(4) Subsection (1) above and regulations under subsection (2) above reducing any rate mentioned in subsection (l)(b) or (c) above shall not apply to a furnace which has been installed, the installation of which has been begun, or an agreement for the purchase or installation of which has been entered into, before the commencement of this section or the coming into operation of the regulations, as the case may be.

(5) Section 6(1) of the principal Act (new furnaces to be fitted with plant to arrest grit and dust) shall not apply to a furnace to which subsection (1) above applies; and subsections (3) to (5) of that section (power of the appropriate Minister with respect to approvals under that section) shall apply in relation to an approval under subsection (1) above as they apply in relation to an approval under that section.

(6) Where a local authority determine an application for approval under the said section 6(1) or subsection (1) above, they shall give the applicant a written notification of their decision and, in the case of a decision not to grant approval, shall state their reasons for not doing so.

(7) The right of a person to appeal under section 6(4) of the principal Act against a decision of a local authority under that section or this section shall not be exercisable more than twenty-eight days after he is notified of the decision.

4.—(1) The Minister may by regulations provide that furnaces of any prescribed class shall while used for a prescribed purpose be exempted from the operation of section 3(1) above.

(2) If on the application of the occupier of a building a local authority are satisfied that the emission of grit and dust from any chimney serving a furnace in the building will not be prejudicial to health or a nuisance if the furnace is used for a particular purpose without compliance with section 3(1) above, they may exempt the furnace from the operation of that subsection while used for that purpose.

(3) An application for exemption under subsection (2) above shall be made to the local authority in the prescribed form and shall be accompanied by the prescribed particulars, but the foregoing provision shall not preclude a local authority from

3C4

Exemptions

from

requirement to fit

arrestment

plant.

1526

Ch. 62

Clean Air Act 1968

granting an exemption under that subsection on an application in writing which does not comply with the foregoing provision if the information provided by the applicant is sufficient to enable the authority to determine the application.

(4) If a local authority to whom an application is duly made for an exemption under subsection (2) above fail to determine the application and to give a written notice of their decision to the applicant within eight weeks of receiving the application or such longer period as may be agreed in writing between the applicant and the authority, die furnace shall be treated as having been granted an exemption from the operation of section 3(1) above while used for the purpose specified in the application.

(5) If a local authority decide not to grant an exemption under subsection (2) above, they shall give the applicant a written notification of their decision stating their reasons, and the applicant may within twenty-eight days of receiving the notification appeal against the decision to the appropriate Minister.

(6) On an appeal under this section the appropriate Minister may confirm die decision appealed against, or may grant the exemption applied for or may vary the purpose for which the furnace to which the application relates may be used without compliance with section 3(1) above, and shall give the appellant a written notification of any decision of the Minister on an appeal under this section, stating his reasons for the decision.

(7) If on any day a furnace which is exempt from the operation of section 3(1) above is used for a purpose other than a prescribed purpose or, as the case may be, a purpose for which the furnace may be used by virtue of subsection (2), (4) or (6) above, the occupier of the building shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

Measurement 5.—(1) In section 7(1) of the principal Act (measurement of

ofgrit, dust and grit and dust emitted from furnaces) for paragraph (b) there fr^fmnaces shall be substituted the following paragraphs:—

" (6) to burn, at a rate of 100 pounds or more an hour, any other solid matter; or

(c) to bum, at a rate equivalent to 1£ million or more British thermal units an hour, any liquid or gaseous matter."

(2) The Minister may by regulations substitute for any rate mentioned in the said section 7(l)(h) or (c) such other rate as he thinks fit, but no regulations shall be made under this subsection so as to reduce any such rate unless a draft of the regulations has been laid before Parliament and approved by each House of Parliament.

Clean Air Act 1968

Ch. 62

1527

(3) In the case of a furnace to which section 7(2) of the principal Act is applied and which is used—

(a) to burn, at a rate less than one ton an hour, solid matter

other than pulverised fuel; or

(b) to bum at a rate of less than 28 million British thermal

units an hour, any liquid or gaseous matter;

the occupier of the building in which the furnace is situate may, by notice in writing given to the local authority, request the local authority to make and record measurements of the grit, dust and fumes emitted from the furnace.

(4) A notice given under subsection (3) above by the occupier of a building may be withdrawn by a subsequent notice in writing given to the local authority by him or any subsequent occupier of that building.

(5) While a notice is in force under subsection (3) above the local authority shall from time to time make and record measurements of the grit, dust and fumes emitted from the furnace to which the notice relates and the occupier shall not be under a duty to comply with any requirements of regulations under section 7(2) of the principal Act in relation to the furnace, except those imposed by virtue of paragraph (b) of that subsection.

(6) A direction under section 7(1) of the principal Act applying

section 7(2) of that Act to a furnace which is used as mentioned in subsection (3) (a) or (b) above shall contain a statement of the

effect of subsections (3) to (5) above.

(7) The occupier of a building who by virtue of the said section 7(2) is under a duty to make and record measurements of grit, dust and fumes emitted from a furnace in the building shall permit the local authority to be represented during the making and recording of those measurements.

6,—(1) An occupier of a building shall not knowingly cause Height of or permit a furnace therein to which this section applies to be chimneys, used in the building as mentioned in section 3(1) above as originally enacted unless the height of the chimney serving the furnace has been approved under this section and any conditions subject to which the approval was granted are complied with, and if on any day he does so, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

(2) A person having possession of a boiler or industrial plant attached to a building or for the time being fixed to or installed on any land, other than an exempted boiler or plant, shall not knowingly cause or permit a furnace thereof to which this section applies to be used as mentioned in section 3(1) above as originally enacted, unless the height of the chimney serving

3 c*

Ch. 62

Clean Air Act 1968

the furnace has been approved under this section and any conditions subject to which the approval was granted are complied with, and if on any day he does so, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

(3) An application for approval under this section shall be made to the local authority on the prescribed form and shall be accompanied by the prescribed particulars, but the foregoing provision shall not preclude the local authority from granting their approval under this section on an application in writing which does not comply with the foregoing provision if the information provided by the applicant is sufficient to enable the authority to determine the application.

(4) A local authority shall not approve the height of a chimney under this section unless they are satisfied that its height will be sufficient to prevent, so far as practicable, the smoke, grit, dust, gases or fumes emitted from the chimney from becoming prejudicial to health or a nuisance having regard to—

(a) the purpose of the chimney;

(b) the position and descriptions of buildings near it;

(c) the levels of the neighbouring ground;

(d) any other matters requiring consideration in the circum-

stances.

(5) An approval of the height of a chimney by a local authority under this section may be granted without qualification or subject to conditions as to the rate or quality, or the rate and quality, of emissions from the chimney.

(6) If a local authority to whom an application is duly made for approval under this section fail to determine the application and to give a written notification of their decision to the applicant within four weeks of receiving the application or such longer period as may be agreed in writing between the applicant and the authority, the approval applied for shall be deemed to have been granted without qualification.

(7) If a local authority decide not to approve the height of a chimney under this section or to attach conditions to their approval, they shall give the applicant a written notification of their decision, stating their reasons and, in the case of a decision not to approve the height of the chimney, specifying the lowest height, if any, which they are prepared to approve unconditionally or the lowest height which they are prepared to approve if approval is granted subject to any specified conditions, or (if they think fit) both, and the applicant may within twenty-eight days of receiving the notification appeal against the decision to the appropriate Minister.

Clean Air Act 1968

Ch. 62

1529

(8) On an appeal under this section the appropriate Minister may confirm the decision appealed against, or may approve the height of the chimney without qualification or subject to conditions as to the rate or quality, or the rate and quality, of emissions from the chimney, or may cancel any conditions imposed by the local authority or substitute for any conditions so imposed any other conditions which the authority had power to impose.

(9) The appropriate Minister shall give the appellant a written notification of any decision of the Minister on an appeal under this section, stating his reasons for the decision, and, in the case of a decision not to approve the height of a chimney, specifying the lowest height, if any, which he is prepared to approve unconditionally or the lowest height which he is prepared to approve if approval is granted subject to any specified conditions, or (if he thinks fit) both.

(10) This section applies to the following furnaces:—

(a) any furnace served by a chimney other than a chimney

the construction of which was begun or the plans for which were passed before the commencement of this section;

(b) any furnace the combustion space of which has been

increased since the commencement of this section; and

(c) any furnace the installation of which was begun after

the commencement of this section and which replaces a furnace which had a smaller combustion space;

not being a furnace forming part of a generating station as defined in the Electricity (Supply) Act 1919, other than a private 1919 c. 100. generating station as so defined.

(11) In this section "exempted boiler or plant" means a boiler or plant which is used or to be used wholly for any prescribed purpose, and references to the applicant shall, in a case where the original applicant notifies the local authority that his interest in the application has been transferred to another person, be construed as references to that other person.

(12) Section 10 of the principal Act (requirement for approval of height of chimneys on submission of plans) shall cease to have effect as respects any chimney serving a furnace.

7.—(1) The Minister may by regulations— Application

(a) apply all or any of the provisions of sections 2, 3 and of

4 of this Act and of sections 18(2). 19(3), 20(4) and prions as 22(1) of the principal Act (provisions relating to grit to grit and and dust) to fumes as they apply to grit and dust;dust, and

3 c* 2

1530

Ch. 62

Clean Air Act 1968

Power of appropriate Minister to require creation of smoke control areas.

(b) apply all or any of the provisions of section 3 of the principal Act (requirement that new furnaces shall be so far as practicable smokeless) to fumes as they apply to smoke;

subject, in either case, to such exceptions and modifications as the Minister thinks expedient

(2) Regulations under this section may make different pro* vision for different cases.

(3) No regulations shall be made under this section unless a draft of the regulations has been laid before Parliament and approved by each House of Parliament

Smoke Control Areas

8.—(1) If after consultation with a local authority the appropriate Minister is satisfied that it is expedient to abate the pollution of the air by smoke in the area or part of the area of the authority and that authority have not exercised, or have not sufficiently exercised, their powers under section 11 of the principal Act (smoke control areas) to abate the pollution, he may direct the authority to prepare and submit to him for his approval, within such period not being less than six months from the direction as may be specified in the direction, proposals for making and bringing into operation one or more orders under that section within such period or periods as the authority think fit.

(2) Any proposals made by a local authority in pursuance of a direction under subsection (1) above may be varied by further proposals made by the authority within the period specified for the making of the original proposals or such longer period as the appropriate Minister may allow.

(3) The appropriate Minister may reject any proposals submitted to him under this section or may approve them in whole or in part, with or without modifications.

(4) Where a local authority to whom a direction has been given under subsection (1) above fail to submit proposals to the appropriate Minister within the period specified in the direction, or where any proposals so submitted are rejected in whole or in part, the appropriate Minister may make an order declaring them to be in default and directing diem for the purposes of removing the default to exercise their powers under section 11 of the principal Act in such manner and within such period as may be specified in the order.

(5) An order under subsection (4) above may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made by the appropriate Minister.

Clean Air Act 1968

Ch. 62

1531

(6) While proposals made by a local authority and approved by the appropriate Minister under this section are in force, it shall be the duty of the authority to make such order or orders under section 11 of the principal Act as are necessary to carry out the proposals as for the time being in force.

(7) Sections 321 and 322 of the Public Health Act 1936 and 1936 c. 49. sections 193 and 194 of the Housing (Scotland) Act 1966 1966 c. 49. (default powers) shall not apply to a failure by a local authority

to discharge their functions under section 11 of the principal Act or to submit proposals to the appropriate Minister in pursuance of a direction under subsection (1) above or to perform a duty imposed on them by or by virtue of subsection (4) or (6) above.

(8) Any increase attributable to the provisions of this section in the sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament under section 13 of the principal Act (Exchequer contributions towards expenditure incurred for the purpose of avoiding emissions of smoke in smoke control areas) shall be defrayed out of moneys so provided.

9.—(1) Any person who— Acquisition

(a) acquires any solid fuel, other than an authorised fuel,811(1 S8lc ?*

for use in a building in a smoke control area otherwise J^uin °ns than in a building or fireplace exempted from the smoke control operation of section 11 of the principal Act; or area.

(b) acquires any solid fuel, other than an authorised fuel,

for use in a boiler or plant to which this paragraph applies in a smoke control area, not being a boiler or plant so exempted; or

(c) sells by retail any solid fuel, other than an authorised

fuel, for delivery by him or on his behalf to a building in a smoke control area or to premises in such an area in which there is a boiler or plant to which paragraph ib) above applies;

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

£20.

(2) Subsection (1 Mb) above applies to any boiler or industrial plant attached to a building or for the time being fixed to or installed on any land.

(3) Subsection (1) above shall, in its application to a smoke control area in which the operation of section 11 of the principal Act is limited by an order under that section to specified classes of buildings, boilers or plant, have effect as if references therein to a building, boiler or plant were references to a building, boiler or plant of a class specified in the order.

(4) The power of the appropriate Minister under section 11 of the principal Act to suspend or relax the operation of that

3 C* 3

1532

Ch. 62

Clean Air Act 1968

section in relation to the whole or any part of a smoke control area shall include power to suspend or relax the operation erf subsections (1) and (2) above in relation to the whole or any part of such an area.

(5) A person shall not be convicted of an offence under this section consisting of the sale of fuel for delivery to a building or premises if he proves that he believed and had reasonable grounds for believing—

(a) that the building was exempted from the operation of

section 11 of the principal Act or, in a case where the operation of that section is limited to specified classes of building, was not of a specified class; or

(b) that the fuel was acquired for use in a fireplace, boiler

or plant so exempted or, in a case where the operation of that section is limited to specified classes of boilers or plant, in a boiler or plant not of a specified class.

Miscellaneous amendments of procedure for making orders with respect to smoke control areas.

10.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 6 of Schedule 1 to the principal Act Gocal authority orders under section 11 of that Act to come into operation not earlier than six months from confirmation thereof) an order made by a local authority under die said section 11 varying a previous order under that section so as to exempt specified buildings or classes of building or specified fireplaces or classes of fireplace from the operation of that section may come into operation on, or at any time after, the date of its confirmation.

(2) A local authority shall not without the consent of the appropriate Minister exercise their power under the proviso to the said paragraph 6 of postponing the coming into operation of an order under the said section 11 for a period of more than twelve months or for periods amounting in all to more than twelve months.

(3) An order made under the said section 11 before the commencement of this section which, apart from this subsection, would in pursuance of a resolution under the said proviso come into operation after the expiration of the year beginning with the commencement of this section shall, unless the appropriate Minister otherwise directs, come into operation on the expiration of that year, and, where he so directs, shall come into operation on a day specified in the direction (being not later than that specified in the resolution).

(4) In paragraph (4) of Schedule 1 to the principal Act (procedure for confirming orders under section 11 of the principal Act) for the words from " in any other case " to the end there shall be substituted the words " in any other case he shall, before confirming the order, either cause a local inquiry to be held

Clean Air Act 1968

Ch. 62

1533

or afford to any person by whom an objection has been duly made as aforesaid and not withdrawn an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by him for the purpose, and, after considering the objection and the report of the person who held the inquiry or the person appointed as aforesaid, may confirm the order either with or without modifications

(5) In section 95(2) of the Housing Act 1964 (power of local authority after making an order under section 11 of the principal Act to designate unsuitable heating appliances which are not to qualify for adaptation grants in smoke control areas) for the words " after an order has been made by a local authority " there shall be substituted the words "after a local authority has resolved to make an order *.

Alkali, etc., works

11.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, sections 1 to 16 of the principal Act and sections 1 to 10 above shall not apply to any work subject or potentially subject to the Alkali Act

(2) Subject as aforesaid, the Alkali Act shall have effect in relation to smoke, grit and dust from any work subject or potentially subject to that Act as it has effect in relation to noxious or offensive gases, and references therein to noxious or offensive gases shall be construed accordingly.

(3) If, on the application of the local authority, the appropriate Minister is satisfied that in all the circumstances it is expedient so to do, he may by order exclude the application of subsections (1) and (2) above to the whole or any specified part of any work subject or pdtentially subject to the Alkali Act and, while those subsections are so excluded,—

(a) in any proceedings brought by virtue of section 1 or

11(2) of the principal Act (dark smoke, and smoke control orders) or section 1 of this Act in respect of the emission of smoke from the work or, as the case may be, the specified part thereof it shall be a defence to prove that the best practicable means had been employed to prevent or minimise the alleged emission; and

(b) in any proceedings brought by virtue of section 16(1) of

the principal Act (smoke nuisances) in respect of smoke emitted from the work or, as the case may be, the specified part thereof, the defence provided for by the proviso to the said section 16(1) shall be available whether the smoke was emitted from a chimney or not.

3 C* 4

1964 c. 56.

Relation of Clean Air Acts to, and amendment of. Alkali Act.

1534

Ch. 62

Clean Air Act 1968

1926 c. 43. 1951 c. 21.

1906 c. 14.

Regulations.

(4) Any order made under subsection (3) above may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order made by the appropriate Minister.

(5) Nothing in this section shall extend the operation of section 4(3) of the Public Health (Smoke Abatement) Act 1926 or section 2 of the Alkali, &c., Works Regulation (Scotland) Act 1951 (power of inspectors to enter and inspect works not subject to the Alkali Act).

(6) In this section—

" Alkali Act " means the Alkali, &c.. Works Regulation Act 1906;

"work subject or potentially subject to the Alkali Act" means—

(a) so much of any work registered under section 9 of that Act as is directly concerned in the processes which necessitate its registration under that section; and

(6) so much of any work in the course of erection or alteration as will on the completion of the erection or alteration be directly concerned in such processes.

(7) The Minister may from time to time determine how much of any work mentioned in subsection (6) above is or will be directly concerned as aforesaid and his determination shall, until revoked or varied by him, be conclusive.

(8) Subsections (1), (2), (5) and (6) of section 17 of the principal Act (which make provision corresponding to the foregoing provisions of this section) shall cease to have effect, but any order made before the commencement of this section under the said subsection (2) as respects any work or any part thereof shall be treated as an order under subsection (3) above excluding the application of subsections (1) and (2) above to that work or, as the case may be, that part thereof and any determination made before the commencement of this section under the said subsection (3) shall be treated as if made under subsection (7) above.

t9) In section 17(3) and (4) of the principal Act " Alkali Act " has the same meaning as in this section.

Supplemental

12.—(1) Any power of the Minister under this Act to make regulations and any power of the Minister under section 14 or 15 of this Act to make orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

Clean Air Act 1968

Ch. 62

1535

(2) Any statutory instrument containing regulations made under this Act, except an instrument containing regulations a draft of which is required by section 3(2), 5(2) or 7(3) of this Act to be approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament, shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

13.—(1) In this Act, except so far as the context otherwise Interpretation, requires—

" the appropriate Minister " means, except as respects Scotland or Wales and Monmouthshire, the Minister of Housing and Local Government and, as respects Scotland or Wales and Monmouthshire, the Secretary of State;

" fumes " means any airborne solid matter smaller than dust;

" the Minister " means as respects England and Wales the Minister of Housing and Local Government and as respects Scotland the Secretary of State;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the Minister;

" the principal Act " means the Clean Air Act 1956; 1956 c. 52.

and other expressions used in this Act and the principal Act have the same meanings in this Act as they have in that Act.

(2) In this Act any reference to the rate of emission of any substance or any reference which is to be understood as such a reference shall, in relation to any regulations or conditions, be construed as a reference to the quantities of that substance which may be emitted during a period specified in the regulations or conditions.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any enactment is a reference thereto as amended, and includes a reference thereto as extended or applied, by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

14.—(1) Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect for adapting Adaptation the principal Act and for making amendments of that Act which and minor and are minor or are consequential on the foregoing provisions of

this Act- ofprind^/

(2) The provisions of the principal Act specified in Schedule ^;a‘J"d 2 to this Act (which include provisions which were wholly or partially obsolete or unnecessary before the passing of this Act) are hereby repealed to the extent specified in that Schedule.

(3) The appropriate Minister may after consultation with any of the following authorities who appear to him to be concerned, that is to say, a local authority, a county council and the

Clean Air Act 1968

1536

Short title, citation, commencement and extent.

Ch. 62

Greater London Council, by order repeal any provision of any local Act which appears to him to be unnecessary having regard to the provisions of this Act and may by that order make such amendments of that or any other local Act as appear to him to be necessary in consequence of the repeal and such transitional provision as appears to him to be necessary or expedient in connection with the matter.

15.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Clean Air Act 1968.

(2) The principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the Clean Air Acts 1956 and 1968.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on a day appointed by an order made by the Minister, and different days may be appointed under this section for different purposes and, in particular, different days may be so appointed for the coming into operation of the same provision in different areas.

(4) Any order made under subsection (3) above by the Minister may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made by him.

(5) Any reference in this Act to the commencement of any provision thereof shall be construed as a reference to the day appointed for the coming into operation of that provision or, in the case of a provision which comes into operation on different days in different areas, shall, in relation to any area, be construed as a reference to the day appointed for the coming into operation of that provision in that area.

(6) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Clean Air Act 1968

Ch. 62

1537

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

Adaptation and Minor and Consequential Amendments of Principal Act

1. In sections 18, 19(3), 20(4), 22, 26, 27(5), 28, 29 and 31 references to the principal Act, other than references to a specified provision of that Act, shall be construed as including references to this Act.

2. In section 7(2X<0 for the words "grit and dust* there shall be substituted the words " grit, dust and fumes ’*.

3. In section 8(1) the reference to sections 6 and 7 of the principal Act shall be construed as including references to sections 2 to 5 of this Act

4. In section 9 for the reference to sections 5 to 8 of the principal Act there shall be substituted' a reference to sections 6 to 8 of that Act and sections 2 to 4 of this Act, and the reference to section 6(2) of that Act shall be construed as including a reference to section 3(4) of this Act.

5. In section 16(1), after paragraph (b) there shall be inserted the following words " or

(c) dark smoke emitted otherwise than as aforesaid from industrial or trade premises within the meaning of section 1 of the Clean Air Act 1968 ’*.

6. In section 21 for the words "the provisions of this Act* there shall be substituted the words " the under-mentioned provisions of this Act or the Clean Air Act 1968 *, and for paragraphs ( ) to

(c) there shall be substituted the following paragraphs: —

"(a) any chimney from the operation of sections 1, 11, 16 and 19 of this Act and section 2 of the Clean Air Act 1968;

(b) any furnace, boiler or industrial plant from the operation of section 3(1) of this Act;

(c) any premises from the operation of section 1 of the said Act of 1968;

(d) any furnace from the operation of sections 6 and 7 of this Act and section 3 of that Act;

(e) the acquisition or sale of any fuel specified in the notice

from the operation of section 9 of that Act *.

7. In section 27(5), for the words "ten pounds* there shall be substituted the words " fifty pounds *.

8. In section 29(2), at the end there shall be added the words " and may institute proceedings for an offence under section 1 of the Clean Air Act 1968 in the case of any smoke which affects any part of their district notwithstanding that the smoke is emitted from premises outside their district *.

Section 14(1).

1538

Ch. 62

Clean Air Act 1968

Sch. 1

Section 14(2).

9. In section 30 references to section 1 of the principal Act shall be construed as including a reference to section 1 of this Act.

10. In section 34(1), in the definition of "chimney " for the words from " smoke " to " emitted " there shall be substituted die words " smoke, grit, dust or fumes may be emitted and, in particular, includes flues ", and after the definition of "fireplace " there shall be inserted the following definition, that is to say, " ‘ fumes * means any airborne solid matter smaller than dust."

11. In section 34(2) the reference to section 1 of the principal Act shall be construed as including a reference to section 1 of this Act

12. In section 34(7) the reference to sections 6 to 8 of the principal Act shall be construed as including a reference to sections 2 to 6 of this Act.

SCHEDULE 2 Provisions of Principal Act Repealed

Section 2.

Section 5.

In section 6, in subsection (1), the words from "and no oven" to " heat "; in subsections (1) and (2), the words " or oven " wherever occurring; and in subsections (1) and (4) the words ‘‘or land", wherever occurring.

In section 7, in subsection (1), the words from "or if an oven" to "heat"; in subsections (1), (2) and (3), the words "or oven" wherever occurring; and, in subsections (1) and (2), the words " or land ", wherever occurring.

In section 8(1), the words " or land ", wherever occurring, and the words " or ovens ", " or on the land " and " or subjected to any process in those ovens ".

Section 10 as respects any chimney serving a furnace.

In section 14(l)(c), the words " flue or ".

Section 17(1), (2), (5) and (6).

In section 20(1), the words " and two ".

In section 34(1) the definition of "oven ".

Ch. 63

1539

Domestic and Appellate Proceedings (Restriction of Publicity) Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 63

An Act to make further provision for enabling courts to sit in private and for preventing or restricting publicity for certain proceedings.

[25th October 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Where an appeal is brought against a decision of any Power of of the courts mentioned in subsection (4) below, or an application court hearing is made for leave to appeal against a decision of any of those certain courts, and that court had power to sit in private during the applications whole or any part of the proceedings in which the decision was to sit in given, then, subject to subsections (2) and (3) below, the court private, hearing the appeal or application shall have power to sit in private during the whole or any part of the proceedings on the appeal or application.

(2) Without prejudice to the next following subsection, the court hearing the appeal or application shall give its decision and the reason for its decision in public unless there are good and sufficient grounds for giving them in private and in that case the court shall state those grounds in public.

(3) Where the decision of any of the courts mentioned in subsection (4) below against which an appeal is brought—

(a) is a conviction, or a sentence or other order made on conviction, or

(b) was given in the exercise of jurisdiction to punish for contempt of court,

the court hearing the appeal or any further appeal arising out of the same proceedings shall, notwithstanding that it sat in private

1540

Restriction of publicity for legitimacy proceedings, etc., and certain proceedings by a wife for maintenance.

1965 c. 72.

Ch. <53 Domestic and Appellate Proceedings

(Restriction of Publicity) Act 1968

during the whole or any part of the proceedings on the appeal state in open court the order made by it on the appeal

(4) The courts referred to in subsections (1) and (3) above are the Court of Appeal, the High Court, the Chancery Court of a County Palatine, the Restrictive Practices Court, the Crown Court at Liverpool, the Crown Court at Manchester, a court of quarter sessions, a county court and a magistrates’ court.

(5) An application to a court to sit in private during the whole or any part of the proceedings on such an appeal or application as is mentioned in subsection (1) above shall be heard in private unless the court otherwise directs.

(6) The powers conferred on a court by this section shall be in addition to any other power of the court to sit in private.

(7) In this section references to a power to sit in private are references to a power to sit in camera or in chambers, but the power conferred by this section on a court which has no power to sit in chambers is a power to sit in camera only.

(8) In this section " appeal " includes appeal by case stated, and references to a court include references to a judge exercising the powers of a court.

2.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect with a view to preventing or restricting publicity for—

(a) proceedings under section 39 of the Matrimonial Causes

Act 1965 (which relates to declarations of legitimacy and the like), including any proceedings begun before the commencement of that Act and carried on under that section; and

(b) proceedings under section 22 of that Act (which relates

to proceedings by a wife against her husband for maintenance), including any proceedings begun before the said commencement and carried on under that section and any proceedings for the discharge or variation of an order made or deemed to have been made under that section or for the temporary suspension of any provision of any such order or the revival of the operation of any provision so suspended.

(2) At the end of the said section 39 there shall be added the following subsection:—

" (9) The court (including a county court) by which any proceedings under this section are heard may direct that the whole or any part of the proceedings shall be heard in camera, and an application for a direction under this subsection shall be heard in camera unless the court otherwise directs."

Domestic and Appellate Proceedings

(Restriction of Publicity) Act 1968

Ch. 63

1541

(3) Section 1(1)(6) of the Judicial Proceedings (Regulation of 1926 c. 61. Reports) Act 1926 (which restricts the reporting of matrimonial causes) shall extend to any such proceedings as are mentioned in subsection (1) above subject, in the case of the proceedings mentioned in subsection (l)(tf) above, to the modification that the matters allowed to be printed or published by virtue of sub-paragraph (ii) of the said section l(l)(h) shall be particulars of the declaration sought by a petition (instead of a concise statement of the charges, defences and countercharges in support of which evidence has been given).

3.—(1) Section 1 of this Act shall not extend to Scotland; Provisions but nothing in this subsection shall be construed as limiting the listing to powers of the Court of Session in relation to appeals againstScotland* decisions of the Restrictive Practices Court.

(2) For avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that, in relation to proceedings on appeals against decisions of the Court of Session, the appellate court has the like power to sit in private as has the Court of Session in relation to proceedings before it.

(3) Subsection (2) above applies to proceedings on applications for leave to appeal as it applies to proceedings on appeals.

(4) In the application to Scotland of section 2 of this Act, subsection (2) thereof shall be omitted.

4.—(1) So much of section 1 of this Act as relates to an appeal Provisions

against a decision of the Restrictive Practices Court shall extend relating to

to Northern Ireland. Northern

Ireland.

(2) The said section 1 shall apply in relation to an appeal, and an application for leave to appeal, against a decision of the Court of Appeal in Northern Ireland and, where the appeal is to the House of Lords, of a Divisional Court of the Queen’s Bench Division of the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland as if each of those courts were a court mentioned in subsection (4) of that section.

(3) No limitation on the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland imposed by the Government of Ireland Act 1920 shall 1920 c. 67. apply so as to preclude that Parliament from enacting a provision corresponding to section 1 or 2(2) of this Act.

(4) This section and so much of this Act as is applied by this section shall extend to Northern Ireland but save as aforesaid this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

5. This Act may be cited as the Domestic and Appellate Short title. Proceedings (Restriction of Publicity) Act 1968.

Ch. 64

1543

Civil Evidence Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 64

An Act to amend the law of evidence in relation to civil proceedings, and in respect of the privilege against self-incrimination to make corresponding amendments in relation to statutory powers of inspection or investigation.

[25th October 1968]

Be rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Hearsay Evidence

1.—(1) In any civil proceedings a statement other than one Hearsay made by a person while giving oral evidence in those proceedings shall be admissible as evidence of any fact stated therein to the extent that it is so admissible by virtue of any provision of this0fthis Act C Part of this Act or by virtue of any other statutory provision or and other by agreement of the parties, but not otherwise. statutory

provisions, or

(2) In this section " statutory provision " means any provision by agreement, contained in, or in an instrument made under, this or any other Act, including any Act passed after this Act.

2.—(1) In any civil proceedings a statement made, whether Admissibility orally or in a document or otherwise, by any person, whether of out-of-court called as a witness in those proceedings or not, shall, subject stotcip?nts to this section and to rules of court, be admissible as evidence fi^statS.° of any fact stated therein of which direct oral evidence by him would be admissible.

1544

Ch.

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Part I (2) Where in any civil proceedings a party desiring to give a statement in evidence by virtue of this section has called or intends to call as a witness in the proceedings the person by whom the statement was made, the statement—

(a) shall not be given in evidence by virtue of this section

on behalf of that party without the leave of the court; and

(b) without prejudice to paragraph (a) above, shall not be

given in evidence by virtue of this section on behalf of that party before the conclusion of the examination-in-chief of the person by whom it was made, except—

(i) where before that person is called the court allows evidence of the making of the statement to be given on behalf of that party by some other person; or

(ii) in so far as the court allows the person by whom the statement was made to narrate it in the course of his examination-in-chief on the ground that to prevent him from doing so would adversely affect the intelligibility of his evidence.

(3) Where in any civil proceedings a statement which was made otherwise than in a document is admissible by virtue of this section, no evidence other than direct oral evidence by the person who made the statement or any person who heard or otherwise perceived it being made shall be admissible for the purpose of proving it:

Provided that if the statement in question was made by a person while giving oral evidence in some other legal proceedings (whether civil or criminal), it may be proved in any manner authorised by the court.

Witness’s previous statement, if proved, to be evidence of facts stated.

1865 c. 18.

3.—(1) Where in any civil proceedings—

(a) a previous inconsistent or contradictory statement made

by a person called as a witness in those proceedings is proved by virtue of section 3, 4 or 5 of the Criminal Procedure Act 1865; or

(b) a previous statement made by a person called as

aforesaid is proved for the purpose of rebutting a suggestion that his evidence has been fabricated,

that statement shall by virtue of this subsection be admissible as evidence of any fact stated therein of which direct oral evidence by him would be admissible.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall affect any of the rules of law relating to the circumstances in which, where a person called as a witness in any civil proceedings is cross-examined on a document used by him to refresh his memory, that document may be

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Ch. 64

1545

made evidence in those proceedings; and where a document Part I or any part of a document is received in evidence in any such proceedings by virtue of any such rule of law, any statement made in that document or part by the person using the document to refresh his memory shall by virtue of this subsection be admissible as evidence of any fact stated therein of which direct oral evidence by him would be admissible.

4. —(1) Without prejudice to section 5 of this Act, in any Admissibility civil proceedings a statement contained in a document shall, of certain subject to this section and to rules of court, be admissible as records as evidence of any fact stated therein of which direct oral evidence f^e^ued. would be admissible, if the document is, or forms part of, a

record compiled by a person acting under a duty from information which was supplied by a person (whether acting under a duty or not) who had, or may reasonably be supposed to have had, personal knowledge of the matters dealt with in that information and which, if not supplied by that person to the compiler of the record directly, was supplied by him to the compiler of the record indirectly through one or more intermediaries each acting under a duty.

(2) Where in any civil proceedings a party desiring to give a statement in evidence by virtue of this section has called or intends to call as a witness in the proceedings the person who originally supplied the information from which the record containing the statement was compiled, the statement—

(a) shall not be given in evidence by virtue of this section on behalf of that party without the leave of the court; and

(b) without prejudice to paragraph (a) above, shall not without the leave of the court be given in evidence by virtue of this section on behalf of that party before the conclusion of the examination-in-chief of the person who originally supplied the said information.

(3) Any reference in this section to a person acting under a duty includes a reference to a person acting in the course of any trade, business, profession or other occupation in which he is engaged or employed or for the purposes of any paid or unpaid office held by him.

5. —(1) In any civil proceedings a statement contained in a Admissibility document produced by a computer shall, subject to rules of of statements court, be admissible as evidence of any fact stated therein of produced by which direct oral evidence would be admissible, if it is shown

that the conditions mentioned in subsection (2) below are satisfied in relation to the statement and computer in question.

1546

Ch. 64

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Part I (2) The said conditions are—

(a) that the document containing the statement was pro-

duced by the computer during a period over which the computer was used regularly to store or process information for the purposes of any activities regularly carried on over that period, whether for profit or not, by any body, whether corporate or not, or by any individual;

(b) that over that period there was regularly supplied to

the computer in the ordinary course of those activities information of the kind contained in the statement or of the kind from which the information so contained is derived;

(c) that throughout the material part of that period the

computer was operating properly or, if not, that any respect in which it was not operating properly or was out of operation during that part of that period was not such as to affect the production of the document or the accuracy of its contents; and

(d) that the information contained in the statement repro-

duces or is derived from information supplied to the computer in the ordinary course of those activities.

(3) Where over a period the function of storing or processing information for the purposes of any activities regularly carried on over that period as mentioned in subsection (2 above was regularly performed by computers, whether—

(a) by a combination of computers operating over that

period; or

(b) by different computers operating in succession over that

period; or

(c) by different combinations of computers operating in

succession over that period; or

(d) in any other manner involving the successive operation

over that period, in whatever order, of one or more computers and one or more combinations of computers,

all the computers used for that purpose during that period shall be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act as constituting a single computer; and references in this Part of this Act to a computer shall be construed accordingly.

(4) In any civil proceedings where it is desired to give a statement in evidence by virtue of this section, a certificate doing any of the following things, that is to say—

(a) identifying the document containing the statement and describing the manner in which it was produced;

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Ch. 64

1547

(b) giving such particulars of any device involved in the Part I

production of that document as may be appropriate for the purpose of showing that the document was produced by a computer;

(c) dealing with any of the matters to which the con-

ditions mentioned in subsection (2) above relate,

and purporting to be signed by a person occupying a responsible position in relation to the operation of the relevant device or the management of the relevant activities (whichever is appropriate) shall be evidence of any matter stated in the certificate; and for the purposes of this subsection it shall be sufficient for a matter to be stated to the best of the knowledge and belief of the person stating it

(5) For the purposes of this Part of this Act—

(a) information shall be taken to be supplied to a computer

if it is supplied thereto in any appropriate form and whether it is so supplied directly or (with or without human intervention) by means of any appropriate equipment;

(b) where, in the course of activities carried on by any

individual or body, information is supplied with a view to its being stored or processed for the purposes of those activities by a computer operated otherwise than in the course of those activities, that information, if duly supplied to that computer, shall be taken to be supplied to it in the course of those activities;

(c) a document shall be taken to have been produced by

a computer whether it was produced by it directly or (with or without human intervention) by means of any appropriate equipment.

(6) Subject to subsection (3) above, in this Part of this Act "computer" means any device for storing and processing information, and any reference to information being derived from other information is a reference to its being derived therefrom by calculation, comparison or any other process.

6.—(1) Where in any civil proceedings a statement contained Provisions in a document is proposed to be given in evidence by virtue of supplementary section 2, 4 or 5 of this Act it may, subject to any rules oft0 *•2 to 5* court, be proved by the production of that document or (whether or not that document is still in existence) by the production of a copy of that document, or of the material part thereof, authenticated in such manner as the court may approve.

(2) For the purpose of deciding whether or not a statement is admissible in evidence by virtue of section 2, 4 or 5 of this Act,

1548

Ch. 64

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Part 1 the court may draw any reasonable inference from the circumstances in which the statement was made or otherwise came into being or from any other circumstances, including, in the case of a statement contained in a document, the form and contents of that document

(3) In estimating the weight if any, to be attached to a statement admissible in evidence by virtue of section 2, 3, 4 or 5 of this Act regard shall be had to all the circumstances from which any inference can reasonably be drawn as to the accuracy or otherwise of the statement and, in particular—

(a) in the case of a statement falling within section 2(1) or

3(1) or (2) of this Act, to the question whether or not the statement was made contemporaneously with the occurrence or existence of the facts stated, and to the question whether or not the maker of the statement had any incentive to conceal or misrepresent the frets;

(b) in the case of a statement falling within section 4(1) of this Act, to the question whether or not the person who originally supplied the information from which the record containing the statement was compiled did so contemporaneously with the occurrence or existence of the facts dealt with in that information, and to the question whether or not that person, or any person concerned with compiling or keeping the record containing the statement, had any incentive to conceal or misrepresent the facts; and

(c) in the case of a statement falling within section 5(1) of

this Act, to the question whether or not the information which the information contained in the statement reproduces or is derived from was supplied to the relevant computer, or recorded for the purpose of being supplied thereto, contemporaneously with the occurrence or existence of the facts dealt with in that information, and to the question whether or not any person concerned with the supply of information to that computer, or with the operation of that computer or any equipment by means of which the document containing the statement was produced by it, had any incentive to conceal or misrepresent the facts.

(4) For the purpose of any enactment or rule of law or practice requiring evidence to be corroborated or regulating the manner in which uncorroborated evidence is to be treated—

(a) a statement which is admissible in evidence by virtue of section 2 or 3 of this Act shall not be capable of corroborating evidence given by the maker of the statement; and

Civil Evidence Act 1968 Ch. 64

(b) a statement which is admissible in evidence by virtue of section 4 of this Act shall not be capable of corroborating evidence given by the person who originally supplied the information from which the record containing the statement was compiled.

(5) If any person in a certificate tendered in evidence in civil proceedings by virtue of section 5(4) of this Act wilfully makes a statement material in those proceedings which he knows to be false or does not believe to be true, he shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or a fine or both.

7.—(1) Subject to rules of court, where in any civil proceedings a statement made by a person who is not called as a witness in those proceedings is given in evidence by virtue of section 2 of this Act—

(a) any evidence which, if that person had been so called,

would be admissible for the purpose of destroying or supporting his credibility as a witness shall be admissible for that purpose in those proceedings; and

(b) evidence tending to prove that, whether before or after

he made that statement, that person made (whether orally or in a document or otherwise) another statement inconsistent therewith shall be admissible for the purpose of showing that that person has contradicted himself:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall enable evidence to be given of any matter of which, if the person in question had been called as a witness and had denied that matter in cross-examination, evidence could not have been adduced by the cross-examining party.

(2) Subsection (1) above shall apply in relation to a statement given in evidence by virtue of section 4 of this Act as it applies in relation to a statement given in evidence by virtue of section 2 of this Act, except that references to the person who made the statement and to his making the statement shall be construed respectively as references to the person who originally supplied the information from which the record containing the statement was compiled and to his supplying that information.

(3) Section 3(1) of this Act shall apply to any statement proved by virtue of subsection (l)(b) above as it applies to a previous inconsistent or contradictory statement made by a person called as a witness which is proved as mentioned in paragraph (a) of the said section 3(1).

1549

Part I

Admissibility of evidence as to credibility of maker etc. of statement admitted under s. 2 or 4.

1550

Ch. 64

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Part I

Rules of court.

8.—(1) Provision shall be made by rules of court as to the procedure which, subject to any exceptions provided for in the rules, must be followed and the other conditions which, subject as aforesaid, must be fulfilled before a statement can be given in evidence in civil proceedings by virtue of section 2, 4 or 5 of this Act.

(2) Rules of court made in pursuance of subsection (1) above shall in particular, subject to such exceptions (if any) as may be provided for in die rules—

(a) require a party to any civil proceedings who desires to

give in evidence any such statement as is mentioned in that subsection to give to every other party to the proceedings such notice of his desire to do so and such particulars of or relating to the statement as may be specified in the rules, including particulars of such one or more of the persons connected with the making or recording of the statement or, in the case of a statement falling within section 5(1) of this Act, such one or more of the persons concerned as mentioned in section 6(3)(c) of this Act as the rules may in any case require; and

(b) enable any party who receives such notice as afore-

said by counter-notice to require any person of whom particulars were given with the notice to be called as a witness in the proceedings unless that person is dead, or beyond the seas, or unfit by reason of his bodily or mental condition to attend as a witness, or cannot with reasonable diligence be identified or found, or cannot reasonably be expected (having regard to the time which has elapsed since he was connected or concerned as aforesaid and to all the circumstances) to have any recollection of matters relevant to the accuracy or otherwise of the statement.

(3) Rules of court made in pursuance of subsection (1) above—

(a) may confer on the court in any civil proceedings a discretion to allow a statement falling within section 2(1), 4(1) or 5(1) of this Act to be given in evidence notwithstanding that any requirement of the rules affecting the admissibility of that statement has not been complied with, but except in pursuance of paragraph (b) below shall not confer on the court a discretion to exclude such a statement where the requirements of the rules affecting its admissibility have been complied with;

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Ch. 64

1551

(b) may confer on the court power, where a party to any Part I

civil proceedings has given notice that he desires to give in evidence—

(i) a statement falling within section 2(1) of this Act which was made by a person, whether orally or in a document, in the course of giving evidence in some other legal proceedings (whether civil or criminal); or

(ii) a statement falling within section 4(1) of this Act which is contained in a record of any direct oral evidence given in some other legal proceedings (whether civil or criminal),

to give directions on the application of any party to the proceedings as to whether, and if so on what conditions, the party desiring to give the statement in evidence will be permitted to do so and (where applicable) as to the manner in which that statement and any other evidence given in those other proceedings is to be proved; and

(c) may make different provision for different circumstances,

and in particular may make different provision with respect to statements falling within sections 2(1), 4(1) and 5(1) of this Act respectively;

and any discretion conferred on the court by rules of court made as aforesaid may be either a general discretion or a discretion exercisable only in such circumstances as may be specified in the rules.

(4) Rules of court may make provision for preventing a party to any civil proceedings (subject to any exceptions provided for in the rules) from adducing in relation to a person who is not called as a witness in those proceedings any evidence which could otherwise be adduced by him by virtue of section 7 of this Act unless that party has in pursuance of the rules given in respect of that person such a counter-notice as is mentioned in subsection (2 )(b)above.

(5) In deciding for the purposes of any rules of court made in pursuance of this section whether or not a person is fit to attend as a witness, a court may act on a certificate purporting to be a certificate of a fully registered medical practitioner.

(6) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall prejudice the generality of section 99 of the Supreme Court of 1925 c. 49. Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925, section 102 of the County 1959 c’ 22! Courts Act 1959, section 15 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949^ 101. 1949 or any other enactment conferring power to make rules of

court; and nothing in section 101 of the Supreme Court of

1552

Ch. 64

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Part I 1959 c. 22.

Admissibility of certain hearsay evidence formerly admissible at common law.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925, section 102(2) of the County Courts Act 1959 or any other enactment restricting the matters with respect to which rules of court may be made shall prejudice the making of rules of court with respect to any matter mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this section or the operation of any rules of court made with respect to any such matter.

9.—(1) In any civil proceedings a statement which, if this Part of this Act had not been passed, would by virtue of any rule of law mentioned in subsection (2) below have been admissible as evidence of any fact stated therein shall be admissible as evidence of that fact by virtue of this subsection.

(2) The rules of law referred to in subsection (1) above are the following, that is to say any rule of law—

(a) whereby in any civil proceedings an admission adverse to a party to the proceedings, whether made by that party or by another person, may be given in evidence against that party for the purpose of proving any fact stated in the admission;

(b) whereby in any civil proceedings published works dealing

with matters of a public nature (for example, histories, scientific works, dictionaries and maps) are admissible as evidence of facts of a public nature stated therein;

(c) whereby in any civil proceedings public documents (for

example, public registers, and returns made under public authority with respect to matters of public interest) are admissible as evidence of facts stated therein; or

(d) whereby in any civil proceedings records (for example, the records of certain courts, treaties, Crown grants, pardons and commissions) are admissible as evidence of facts stated therein.

In this subsection " admission " includes any representation of fact, whether made in words or otherwise.

(3) In any civil proceedings a statement which tends to establish reputation or family tradition with respect to any matter and which, if this Act had not been passed, would have been admissible in evidence by virtue of any rule of law mentioned in subsection (4) below—

(a) shall be admissible in evidence by virtue of this para-

graph in so far as it is not capable of being rendered admissible under section 2 or 4 of this Act; and

(b) if given in evidence under this Part of this Act (whether

by virtue of paragraph (a) above or otherwise) shall by virtue of this paragraph be admissible as evidence of the matter reputed or handed down;

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Ch. 64

1553

and, without prejudice to paragraph (b) above, reputation shall Part I for the purposes of this Part of this Act be treated as a fact and not as a statement or multiplicity of statements dealing with the matter reputed.

(4) The rules of law referred to in subsection (3) above are the following, that is to say any rule of law—

(a) whereby in any civil proceedings evidence of a person’s

reputation is admissible for the purpose of establishing his good or bad character;

(b) whereby in any civil proceedings involving a question of pedigree or in which the existence of a marriage is in issue evidence of reputation or family tradition is admissible for the purpose of proving or disproving pedigree or the existence of the marriage, as the case may be; or

(c) whereby in any civil proceedings evidence of reputation

or family tradition is admissible for the purpose of proving or disproving the existence of any public or general right or of identifying any person or thing.

(5) It is hereby declared that in so far as any statement is admissible in any civil proceedings by virtue of subsection (1) or

(3)(a) above, it may be given in evidence in those proceedings notwithstanding anything in sections 2 to 7 of this Act or in any rules of court made in pursuance of section 8 of this Act.

(6) The words in which any rule of law mentioned in subsection (2) or (4) above is there described are intended only to identify the rule in question and shall not be construed as altering that rule in any way.

10.—(1) In this Part of this Act— Interpretation

" computer " has the meaning assigned by section 5 of this application^o Act; arbitrations,

44 document * includes, in addition to a document inetc* writing—

(a) any map, plan, graph or drawing;

(b) any photograph;

(c) any disc, tape, sound track or other device in which sounds or other data (not being visual images are embodied so as to be capable (with or without the aid of some other equipment) of being reproduced therefrom; and

(d) any film, negative, tape or other device in which one or more visual images are embodied so as to be capable (as aforesaid) of being reproduced therefrom;

3 D 2

1554

Ch. 64

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Part I " film " includes a microfilm;

"statement*’ includes any representation of fact, whether made in words or otherwise.

(2) In this Part of this Act any reference to a copy of a document includes—

(a) in the case of a document falling within paragraph (c) but not id) of the definition of "document" in the foregoing subsection, a transcript of the sounds or other data embodied therein;

(b) in the case of a document falling within paragraph (d) but not (c) of that definition, a reproduction or still reproduction of the image or images embodied therein, whether enlarged or not;

(c) in the case of a document falling within both those

paragraphs, such a transcript together with such a still reproduction; and

(d) in the case of a document not falling within the said

paragraph (d) of which a visual image is embodied in a document falling within that paragraph, a reproduction of that image, whether enlarged or not,

and any reference to a copy of the material part of a document shall be construed accordingly.

(3) For the purposes of the application of this Part of this Act in relation to any such civil proceedings as are mentioned in section 18<l)(a) and (b) of this Act, any rules of court made

1925 c. 49. for the purposes of this Act under section 99 of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925 shall (except in so far as their operation is excluded by agreement) apply, subject to such modifications as may be appropriate, in like manner as they apply in relation to civil proceedings in the High Court:

Provided that in the case of a reference under section 92 of 1959 c. 22. the County Courts Act 1959 this subsection shall have effect as if for the references to the said section 99 and to civil proceedings in the High Court there were substituted respectively references to section 102 of the County Courts Act 1959 and to proceedings in a county court.

(4) If any question arises as to what are, for the purposes of any such civil proceedings as are mentioned in section 18(l)(a) or (b) of this Act, the appropriate modifications of any such rule of court as is mentioned in subsection (3) above, that question shall, in default of agreement, be determined by the tribunal or the arbitrator or umpire, as the case may be.

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Ch. 64

1555

Part II

Miscellaneous and General

Convictions, etc. as evidence in civil proceedings

11.—(1) In any civil proceedings the fact that a person has Convictions been convicted of an offence by or before any court in the & evidence United Kingdom or by a court-martial there or elsewhere shall (subject to subsection (3) below) be admissible in evidence for p * the purpose of proving, where to do so is relevant to any issue in those proceedings, that he committed that offence, whether he was so convicted upon a plea of guilty or otherwise and whether or not he is a party to the civil proceedings; but no conviction other than a subsisting one shall be admissible in evidence by virtue of this section.

(2) In any civil proceedings in which by virtue of this section a person is proved to have been convicted of an offence by or before any court in the United Kingdom or by a court-martial there or elsewhere—

(a) he shall be taken to have committed that offence unless

the contrary is proved; and

(b) without prejudice to the reception of any other admis-

sible evidence for the purpose of identifying the facts on which the conviction was based, the contents of any document which is admissible as evidence of the conviction, and the contents of the information, complaint, indictment or charge-sheet on which the person in question was convicted, shall be admissible in evidence for that purpose.

(3) Nothing in this section shall prejudice the operation of section 13 of this Act or any other enactment whereby a conviction or a finding of fact in any criminal proceedings is for the purposes of any other proceedings made conclusive evidence of any fact.

(4) Where in any civil proceedings the contents of any document are admissible in evidence by virtue of subsection (2) above, a copy of that document, or of the material part thereof, purporting to be certified or otherwise authenticated by or on behalf of the court or authority having custody of that document shall be admissible in evidence and shall be taken to be a true copy of that document or part unless the contrary is shown.

(5) Nothing in any of the following enactments, that is to say—

(a) section 12 of the Criminal Justice Act 1948 (under 1948 c. 58. which a conviction leading to probation or discharge is to be disregarded except as therein mentioned);

3 D 3

1556

Ch. 64

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Part II

1949 c. 94.

1950 c. 7 (N.I.).

1955 c. 18. 1955 c. 19. 1957 c. 53.

Findings of adultery and paternity as evidence in civil

proceedings.

(b) section 9 of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1949

(which makes similar provision in respect of convictions on indictment in Scotland); and

(c) section 8 of the Probation Act (Northern Ireland) 1950

(which corresponds to the said section 12) or any corresponding enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland for the time being in force,

shall affect the operation of this section; and for the purposes of this section any order made by a court of summary jurisdiction in Scotland under section 1 or section 2 of the said Act of 1949 shall be treated as a conviction.

(6) In this section "court-martial" means a court-martial constituted under the Army Act 1955, the Air Force Act 1955 or the Naval Discipline Act 1957 or a disciplinary court constituted under section 50 of the said Act of 1957, and in relation to a court-martial44 conviction ", as regards a court-martial constituted under either of the said Acts of 1955, means a finding of guilty which is, or falls to be treated as, a finding of the court duly confirmed and, as regards a court-martial or disciplinary court constituted under the said Act of 1957, means a finding of guilty which is, or falls to be treated as, the finding of the court, and 44 convicted " shall be construed accordingly.

12.—(1) In any civil proceedings—

(a) the fact that a person has been found guilty of adultery

in any matrimonial proceedings; and

(b) the fact that a person has been adjudged to be the father of a child in affiliation proceedings before any court in the United Kingdom,

shall (subject to subsection (3) below) be admissible in evidence for the purpose of proving, where to do so is relevant to any issue in those civil proceedings, that he committed the adultery to which the finding relates or, as the case may be, is (or was) the father of that child, whether or not he offered any defence to the allegation of adultery or paternity and whether or not he is a party to the civil proceedings; but no finding or adjudication other than a subsisting one shall be admissible in evidence by virtue of this section.

(2) In any civil proceedings in which by virtue of this section a person is proved to have been found guilty of adultery as mentioned in subsection (l)(a) above or to have been adjudged to be the father of a child as mentioned in subsection (1)(6) above—

(a) he shall be taken to have committed the adultery to which the finding relates or, as the case may be, to

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Ch. 64

1557

be (or have been) the father of that child, unless the Part n contrary is proved; and

(b) without prejudice to the reception of any other admissible evidence for the purpose of identifying the facts on which the finding or adjudication was based, the contents of any document which was before the court, or which contains any pronouncement of the court, in the matrimonial or affiliation proceedings in question shall be admissible in evidence for that purpose.

(3) Nothing in this section shall prejudice the operation of any enactment whereby a finding of fact in any matrimonial or affiliation proceedings is for the purposes of any other proceedings made conclusive evidence of any fact

(4) Subsection (4) of section 11 of this Act shall apply for the purposes of this section as if the reference to subsection (2) were a reference to subsection (2) of this section.

(5) In this section—

44 matrimonial proceedings " means any matrimonial cause in the High Court or a county court in England and Wales or in die High Court in Northern Ireland, any consistorial action in Scodand, or any appeal arising out of any such cause or action;

44affiliation proceedings’* means, in relation to Scodand, any action of affiliation and aliment;

and in this subsection 44 consistorial action ’* does not include an action of aliment only between husband and wife raised in the Court of Session or an action of interim aliment raised in the sheriff court.

13.—(1) In an acticA for libel or slander in which the Conclusiveness question whether a person did or did not commit a criminal of convictions offence is relevant to an issue arising in the action, proof that, f<?(ffrpo^s at the time when that issue falls to be determined, that person actions!11*I0D stands convicted of that offence shall be conclusive evidence that he committed that offence; and his conviction thereof shall be admissible in evidence accordingly.

(2) In any such action as aforesaid in which by virtue of this section a person is proved to have been convicted of an offence, the contents of any document which is admissible as evidence of the conviction, and the contents of the information, complaint, indictment or charge-sheet on which that person was convicted, shall, without prejudice to the reception of any other admissible evidence for the purpose of identifying the facts on which the conviction was based, be admissible in evidence for the purpose of identifying those facts.

3D4

1558

Ch. 64

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Part II

Privilege against incrimination of self or spouse.

(3) For the purposes of this section a person shall be taken to stand convicted of an offence if but only if there subsists against him a conviction of that offence by or before a court in the United Kingdom or by a court-martial there or elsewhere.

(4) Subsections (4) to (6) of section 11 of this Act shall apply for the purposes of this section as they apply for the purposes of that section, but as if in the said subsection (4) the reference to subsection (2) were a reference to subsection (2) of this section.

(5) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply for the purposes of any action begun after the passing of this Act, whenever the cause of action arose, but shall not apply for the purposes of any action begun before the passing of this Act or any appeal or other proceedings arising out of any such action.

Privilege

14.—(1) The right of a person in any legal proceedings other than criminal proceedings to refuse to answer any question or produce any document or thing if to do so would tend to expose that person to proceedings for an offence or for the recovery of a penalty—

(a) shall apply only as regards criminal offences under the law of any part of the United Kingdom and penalties provided for by such law; and

(h) shall include a like right to refuse to answer any question or produce any document or thing if to do so would tend to expose the husband or wife of that person to proceedings for any such criminal offence or for the recovery of any such penalty.

(2) In so far as any existing enactment conferring (in whatever words) powers of inspection or investigation confers on a person (in whatever words) any right otherwise than in criminal proceedings to refuse to answer any question or give any evidence tending to incriminate that person, subsection

(1) above shall apply to that right as it applies to the right described in that subsection; and every such existing enactment shall be construed accordingly.

(3) In so far as any existing enactment provides (in whatever words) that in any proceedings other than criminal proceedings a person shall not be excused from answering any question or giving any evidence on the ground that to do so may incriminate that person, that enactment shall be construed as providing also that in such proceedings a person shall not be excused from answering any question or giving any evidence on the ground that to do so may incriminate the husband or wife of that person.

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Ch. 64

1559

(4) Where any existing enactment (however worded) that— Part n

(a) confers powers of inspection or investigation; or

(b) provides as mentioned in subsection (3) above,

further provides (in whatever words) that any answer or evidence given by a person shall not be admissible in evidence against that person in any proceedings or class of proceedings (however described, and whether criminal or not), that enactment shall be construed as providing also that any answer or evidence given by that person shall not be admissible in evidence against the husband or wife of that person in the proceedings or class of proceedings in question.

(5) In this section "existing enactment’* means any enactment passed before this Act; and the references to giving evidence are references to giving evidence in any manner, whether by furnishing information, making discovery, producing documents or otherwise.

15.—(1) This section applies to any communication made for Privilege for the purpose of any pending or contemplated proceedings under cert^in ®om’ the Patents Act 1949 before the comptroller or the Appeal Tribunal, being either— patent8

(d) a communication between the patent agent of a party proceedings, to those proceedings and that party or any other1949 c*87-person; or

(b) a communication between a party to those proceedings and a person other than his patent agent made for the purpose of obtaining, or in response to a request for, information which that party is seeking for the purpose of submitting it to his patent agent.

For the purposes of this subsection a communication made by or to a person acting—

(i) on behalf of a patent agent; or

(ii) on behalf of a party to any pending or contemplated

proceedings,

shall be treated as made by or to that patent agent or party, as the case may be.

(2) In any legal proceedings other than criminal proceedings a communication to which this section applies shall be privileged from disclosure in like manner as if the proceedings mentioned in the foregoing subsection had been proceedings before the High Court and the patent agent in question had been the solicitor of the party concerned.

(3) For the purposes of this section a communication made for the purpose of a pending or contemplated application for a patent or any other pending or contemplated proceeding under

3D*

1560

Ch. 64

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Part II the Patents Act 1949 shall be treated as made for the purpose of 1949 c. 87. contemplated proceedings under that Act before the comptroller or the Appeal Tribunal of every kind to which a proceeding of that description may give rise, whether or not any such proceedings are actually contemplated when the communication is made.

(4) In this section—

" the comptroller " and " the Appeal Tribunal " have the same meanings as in the Patents Act 1949;

"patent agent" means a person registered as a patent agent in the register of patent agents maintained pursuant to the Patents Act 1949 or a company lawfully practising as a patent agent in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man; and

"party", in relation to any contemplated proceedings, means a prospective party thereto.

Abolition of certain privileges.

1853 c. 83.

1965 c. 72.

16.—(1) The following rules of law are hereby abrogated except in relation to criminal proceedings, that is to say—

(a) the rule whereby, in any legal proceedings, a person cannot be compelled to answer any question or produce any document or thing if to do so would tend to expose him to a forfeiture; and

(b) the rule whereby, in any legal proceedings, a person other than a party to the proceedings cannot be compelled to produce any deed or other document relating to his title to any land.

(2) The rule of law whereby, in any civil proceedings, a party to the proceedings cannot be compelled to produce any document relating solely to his own case and in no way tending to impeach that case or support the case of any opposing party is hereby abrogated.

(3) Section 3 of the Evidence (Amendment) Act 1853 (which provides that a husband or wife shall not be compellable to disclose any communication made to him or her by his or her spouse during the marriage) shall cease to have effect except in relation to criminal proceedings.

(4) In section 43(1) of the Matrimonial Causes Act 1965 (under which the evidence of a husband or wife is admissible in any proceedings to prove that marital intercourse did or did not take place between them during any period, but a husband or wife is not compellable in any proceedings to give evidence of the matters aforesaid), the words from "but a husband or wife" to the end of the subsection shall cease to have effect except in relation to criminal proceedings.

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Ch. 64

1561

(5) A witness in any proceedings instituted in consequence Part n of adultery, whether a party to the proceedings or not, shall not be excused from answering any question by reason that it tends to show that he or she has been guilty of adultery; and accordingly the proviso to section 3 of the Evidence Further Amendment Act 1869 and, in section 43(2) of the 1869 c. 68. Matrimonial Causes Act 1965, the words from " but " to the 1965 c. 72. end of the subsection shall cease to have effect

17.—(1) In relation to England and Wales—

(a) section 1(3) of the Tribunals of Inquiry (Evidence) Consequential

Act 1921 (under which a witness before a tribunal to amendments which that Act has been applied is entitled to the rel.^ng to same privileges as if he were a witness before the t cgt* High Court) shall have effect as if after the word ™ c* *

" witness ", in the second place where it occurs, there were inserted the words " in civil proceedings "; and

(b) section 8(5) of the Parliamentary Commissioner Act

1967 (which provides that, subject as there mentioned, 1967 c. 13. no person shall be compelled for the purposes of an investigation under that Act to give any evidence or produce any document which he could not be compelled to give or produce in proceedings before the High Court) shall have effect as if before the word "proceedings " there were inserted the word "civil ";

and, so far as it applies to England and Wales, any other existing enactment, however framed or worded, which in relation to any tribunal, investigation or inquiry (however described) confers on persons required to answer questions or give evidence any privilege described by reference to the privileges of witnesses in proceedings before any court shall, unless the contrary intention appears, be construed as referring to the privileges of witnesses in civil proceedings before that court.

(2) Where a person is examined by virtue of an order under section 1 of the Foreign Tribunals Evidence Act 1856 ori856c. 113. section 1 of the Evidence by Commission Act 1859 made by a 1859 c. 20 court or judge in England and Wales for the purpose of (22 Vict.), obtaining his testimony in relation to any legal proceedings pending before a court or tribunal outside England and Wales, then for the purpose of determining his rights under section 5 of the said Act of 1856 or section 4 of the said Act of 1859 to refuse to answer questions or produce documents—

(1 a)if those proceedings are criminal proceedings, the provisions of sections 14 to 16 of this Act and the amendments provided for by the Schedule to this Act shall be disregarded; but

3D* 2

1562

Ch. 64

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Part II (b)in any other case the references in the said section 5

or the said section 4, as the case may be, to any cause pending as mentioned in that section shall be construed as references to any civil cause so pending.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of subsections (2) to

(4) of section 14 of this Act, the enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments provided for by that Schedule (being verbal amendments to bring those enactments into conformity with the provisions of that section).

(4) Subsection (5) of section 14 of this Act shall apply for the purposes of this section as it applies for the purposes of that section.

General

General 18.—(l) In this Act " civil proceedings " includes, in addition

ImdSy^011* to c*v^ proceedings in any of the ordinary courts of law—

(a) civil proceedings before any other tribunal, being proceedings in relation to which the strict rules of evidence apply; and ib) an arbitration or reference, whether under an enactment or not,

but does not include civil proceedings in relation to which the strict rules of evidence do not apply.

(2) In this Act—

" court " does not include a court-martial, and, in relation to an arbitration or reference, means the arbitrator or umpire and, in relation to proceedings before a tribunal (not being one of the ordinary courts of law), means the tribunal;

"legal proceedings" includes an arbitration or reference, whether under an enactment or not;

and for the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that in this Act, and in any amendment made by this Act in any other enactment, references to a person's husband or wife do not include references to a person who is no longer married to that person.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment is a reference thereto as amended, and includes a reference thereto as applied, by or under any other enactment

(4) Nothing in this Act shall prejudice the operation of any enactment which provides (in whatever words) that any answer or evidence given by a person in specified circumstances shall not be admissible in evidence against him or some other person in any proceedings or class of proceedings (however described).

Civil Evidence Act 1968

1563

Ch. 64

In this subsection the reference to giving evidence is a refer- Part n ence to giving evidence in any manner, whether by furnishing information, making discovery, producing documents or otherwise.

(5) Nothing in this Act shall prejudice—

(a) any power of a court, in any legal proceedings, to exclude evidence (whether by preventing questions from being put or otherwise) at its discretion; or

(b) the operation of any agreement (whenever made) between the parties to any legal proceedings as to the evidence which is to be admissible (whether generally or for any particular purpose) in those proceedings.

(6) It is hereby declared that where, by reason of any defect of speech or hearing from which he is suffering, a person called as a witness in any legal proceedings gives his evidence in writing or by signs, that evidence is to be treated for the purposes of this Act as being given orally.

19. No limitation on the powers of the Parliament of Northern Northern Ireland imposed by the Government of Ireland Act 1920 shall

apply so as to preclude that Parliament from enacting a provision 1920 c*67' corresponding to any provision of this Act

20. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Civil Evidence Act 1968. Short title,

(2) Sections 1, 2, 6(1) (except the words from " ‘ Proceed- Stcnumd

ings * " to " references ") and 6(2 )(b) of the Evidence Act 1938 commence, are hereby repealed. ment.

1938 c 28

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or, except in so far as it enlarges the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, to Northern Ireland.

(4) The following provisions of this Act, namely sections 13 to 19, this section (except subsection (2)) and the Schedule, shall come into force on the day this Act is passed, and the other provisions of this Act shall come into force on such day as the Lord Chancellor may by order made by statutory instrument appoint; and different days may be so appointed for different purposes of this Act or for the same purposes in relation to different courts or proceedings or otherwise in relation to different circumstances.

3D* 3

1564

Ch. 64

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Section 17.

SCHEDULE

Consequential Amendments

Act amended

The Hop (Prevention of Frauds) Act 1866 (29 & 30 Vict. c. 37.

The Explosive Substances Act 1883 (46 & 47 Vict. c. 3.

The Land Registration Act 1925

(15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 21.

The Borrowing (Control and Guarantees) Act 1946

(9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 58.

The Representation of the People Act 1949 (12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 68.

The Baking Industry (Hours of Work) Act 1954

(2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 57.

The Wages Councils Act 1959 7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 69

The Factories Act 1961 (9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 34.

Amendment

In section 12 (answers to be inadmissible against person giving them), after the words " such person " there shall be inserted the words "or the husband or wife of such person *'.

In section 6(2) (answers to be inadmissible against person giving them), for the word "himself *' there shall be substituted the words "that witness or the husband or wife of that witness*', after the word "him*, where it first occurs, there shall be inserted the words " or her *, and for the words "against him'* there shall be substituted the words " against that person or the husband or wife of that person *.

In section 119(2) (answers to be inadmissible against person giving them), after the words " such person *' there shall be inserted the words " or the husband or wife of such person ".

In the Schedule, in paragraph 2(1) (privilege against self-incrimination), for the words " him, he * there shall be substituted the words " that person or the husband or wife of that person, that person*'.

In section 123(7) (answers to be inadmissible against person giving them), for the words "himself'* and "him'* respectively there shall be substituted the words " that person or the husband or wife of that person *.

In section 6(2) (privilege against self-incrimina-tion), after the words " himself ’* there shall be added the words " or, in the case of a person who is married, his or her wife or husband *.

In section 19(3) (privilege against selfincrimination), after the word "himself*' there shall be added the words " or, in the case of a person who is married, his or her wife or husband*.

In section 146(1)(/) (privilege against selfincrimination), after the word "himself" there shall be inserted the words " or, in the case of a person who is married, his or her wife or husband *'.

Civil Evidence Act 1968

Ch. 64

1565

Act amended

The Offices, Shops and Railway Premises Act 1963 (1963 c. 41.

The National Insurance Act 1965 (1965 c. 51.

The National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act 1965 (1965 c. 52.

The Selective Employment Payments Act 1966

(1966 c. 32.

Amendment

In section 53(1X<0 (answers to be inadmissible against person giving them), for the words "against him" there shall be substituted the words " against that person or the husband or wife of that person

In section 90(4) (privilege against self-

incrimination), after the word "himself" there shall be added the words " or, in the case of a person who is married, his or her wife or husband".

In section 64(4) (privilege against self-

incrimination), after the word "himself" there shall be added the words " or, in the case of a person who is married, his or her wife or husband ".

In section 8(3) (privilege against self-incrimination), after the word "him " there shall be added the words "or, in the case of a person who is married, his or her wife or husband

3D* 4

Ch. <55

1567

Gaining Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 65

An Act to make further provision with respect to gaining; and for purposes connected therewith.

[25th October 1968]

Be rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Gaming Elsewhere than on Premises Licensed or Registered under Part II of this Act

1.—(1) Except as provided by the next following subsection. Gaming to this Part of this Act applies to all gaming which takes place which Part I elsewhere than on premises in respect of which either— applies.

(a) a licence under this Act is for the time being in force, or

(b) a club or a miners’ welfare institute is for the time being registered under Part II of this Act.

(2) This Part of this Act does not apply tote) gaming by means of any machine to which Part III of this Act applies, or

(b) gaming to which section 41 of this Act applies, or

(c) gaming which constitutes the provision of amusements with prizes in the circumstances specified in section 48(1) or in section 49(1) of the Act of 1963.

2.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section. Nature of no gaming to which this Part of this Act applies shall take game, place where any one or more of the following conditions are fulfilled, that is to say—

te) the game involves playing or staking against a bank, whether the bank is held by one of the players or not;

1568

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Part I (b) the nature of the game is such that the chances in the

game are not equally favourable to all the players;

(c) the nature of the game is such that the chances in it lie between the player and some other person, or (if there are two or more players) lie wholly or partly between the players and some other person, and those chances are not as favourable to the player or players as they are to that other person.

(2) The preceding subsection shall not have effect in relation to gaming which takes place on a domestic occasion in a private dwelling, and shall not have effect in relation to any gaming where the gaming takes place in a hostel, hall of residence or similar establishment which is not carried on by way of a trade or business and the players consist exclusively or mainly of persons who are residents or inmates in that establishment

No charge for 3.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, no

taking part gaming to which this Part of this Act applies shall take place

in gaming. ;n circumstances where (apart from any stakes hazarded) a

charge, in money or money’s worth, is made in respect of that gaming.

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, any admission charge shall, unless the contrary is proved, be taken to be a charge made as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

(3) For the purposes of this section a payment which constitutes payment of, or of a quarterly or half-yearly instalment of, an annual subscription to a club, or which constitutes payment of an entrance subscription for membership of a club, shall not be taken to be a charge made as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to a club unless it is shown that the club is so constituted and conducted, in respect of membership and otherwise, as not to be of a temporary character, and, in relation to an entrance subscription, shall not apply unless it is shown that the payment is not made in respect of temporary membership of the club.

(4) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect subject to section 40 of this Act

No levy 4. Without prejudice to the generality of section 3 of this Act,

•on stakes or no gaming to which this Part of this Act applies shall take

winnings. place where a levy is charged on any of the stakes or on the

winnings of any of the players, whether by way of direct payment or deduction, or by the exchange of tokens at a lower rate than the rate at which they were issued, or by any other means.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch .65

1569

5.—(i) No person shall take part in gaming to which this Part I Part of this Act applies— Gaming in

(a) in any street, or public places.

(b) (subject to the next following section) in any other place

to which, whether on payment or otherwise, the public have access.

(2) A constable may arrest without warrant anyone whom he finds in a street, or in any such place as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of the preceding subsection, and whom he suspects, with reasonable cause, to be taking part in gaming there in contravention of that subsection.

(3) For the purposes of this section—

(a) " street " includes any bridge, road, lane, footway, sub-

way, square, court, alley or passage, whether a thoroughfare or not, which is for the time being open to the public, and, in the application of this section to Scotland, includes also any common close or common stair; and

(b) the doorways and entrances of premises abutting upon,

and any ground adjoining and open to, a street shall be treated as forming part of the street.

6,—(1) The restriction imposed by section 5(1) of this Act General does not apply— provisJ^f.n

(a) to die playing of dominoes or cribbage on any premises J^remisM

to which this section applies, or licensed for

(b) in the case of any particular premises to which this retail "1®

section applies, to the playing of any other gameof which is authorised to be played on those premises by an order under subsection (3) of this section which is for the time being in force.

(2) This section applies to—

(a) any premises in respect of which a justices’ on-licence

(other than a Part IV licence) or a hotel certificate or public house certificate is for the time being in force;

(b) any premises in the district specified in Part I of

Schedule 9 to the Licensing Act 1964 (the Carlisle 1964 c. 2& district) which are for the time being used for the sale on behalf of the Secretary of State of intoxicating liquor for consumption on the premises; and

(c) any premises in a district specified in Part I of

Schedule 8 to the Licensing (Scotland) Act 1959 (State 1959 c. 51. management districts) which are for the time being used for the sale on behalf of the Secretary of State of exciseable liquor for consumption on the premises.

1570

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Part I (3) On the application—

(a) of the holder of the licence or certificate, in the case

of any such premises as are mentioned in paragraph

(a) of subsection (2) of this section, or

(b) of the Secretary of State, in the case of any such premises as are mentioned in paragraph ib) or paragraph (c) of that subsection,

the licensing justices for the licensing district, or, in Scotland, the licensing court for the licensing area, in which the premises are situated may by order authorise the playing on those premises of a game specified in the order, other than dominoes and cribbage.

(4) In respect of any premises to which this section applies the licensing justices for the licensing district, or, in Scotland, the licensing court for the licensing area, in which the premises are situated may by order impose such requirements or restrictions with respect to gaming by the playing of dominoes or cribbage, or of any game authorised by virtue of subsection (3) of this section, in a part of those premises to which the public have access as the justices or court may consider necessary to secure that any such gaming in that part of the premises does not take placets) for high stakes, or

(b) in such circumstances as to constitute an inducement . to persons to resort to the premises primarily for the purpose of taking part in any such gaming.

(5) Where an order under subsection (3) or subsection (4) of this section has been made by licensing justices or a licensing court, the justices or court may at any time revoke or vary the order by a subsequent order.

(6) On making any order under this section the licensing justices or licensing court shall give notice of the making of the order—

(a) to the holder of the licence or certificate, in the case

of any such premises as are mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of this section, or

(b) to the Secretary of State, in the case of any such premises as are mentioned in paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of that subsection,

and shall send a copy of the notice to the chief officer of police, or, in Scotland, the chief constable, for the police area in which the premises are situated; and any such order shall come into force on the giving of the notice to the holder of the licence or certificate, or to the Secretary of State, as the case may be, and, subject to any subsequent order revoking or varying

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1571

it, shall continue in force so long as the premises continue to be Part 1 premises to which this section applies.

(7) Nothing in this section, or in any order made under this section, shall be construed as affecting the operation of sections 2 to 4 of this Act in relation to gaming on any premises to which this section applies.

(8) In this section " justices* on-licence ", " Part IV licence " and " licensing district * have the same meanings as in the Licensing Act 1964, and " hotel certificate ", " public house 1964 c. 26. certificate '* and " licensing area * have the same meanings as

in the Licensing (Scotland) Act 1959. 1959 c. 51.

7.—(1) No person under eighteen shall take part in gaming Special to which this Part of this Act applies on any premises to which provisions section 6 of this Act appUes. StotT"

(2) In the case of any such premises as are mentioned in section 6 (2) (a) of this Act, neither the holder of the licence or certificate nor any person employed by him shall knowingly allow a person under eighteen to take part in any such gaming on the premises.

(3) In the case of any such premises as are mentioned in paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of section 6(2) of this Act, neither the manager nor any person employed by him, or employed by the Secretary of State under his supervision, shall knowingly allow a person under eighteen to take part in any such gaming on the premises.

(4) In this section "the manager", in relation to any such premises as are mentioned in paragraph ( )or paragraph (c) of section 6(2) of this Act, means any person who, in relation to those premises,—

(a) where they are in England or Wales, is subject to the

statutory provisions affecting the holders of licences by virtue of paragraph 8 of Schedule 9 to the Licensing Act 1964, or

(b) where they are in Scotland, is subject to the statutory

provisions affecting the holders of licences or certificates by virtue of paragraph 8 of Schedule 8 to the Licensing (Scotland) Act 1959.

8.—(1) If any gaming takes place in contravention of any of Offences the provisions of sections 2 to 4 of this Act, every person con- under Part L cerned in the organisation or management of the gaming shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) For the purposes of the preceding subsection any person who takes part in procuring the assembly of the players shall be taken to be concerned in the organisation of the gaming.

1572

Ch. 65

4

Gaming Act 1968

Part I

1964 c. 26. 1962 c. 51.

(3) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this section, where any gaming takes place on any premises, or in any vessel or vehicle, in contravention of any of the provisions of sections 2 to 4 of this Act, any person who, knowing or having reasonable cause to suspect that the premises, vessel or vehicle would be used for gaming in contravention of any of those provisions,—

(a) allowed the premises, vessel or vehicle to be used for the purposes of gaming to which this Part of this Act applies, or

(b) let, or let on hire, the premises, vessel or vehicle, or otherwise made the premises, vessel or vehicle available, to any person by whom an offence under subsection (1) of this section is committed in connection with the gaming, shall be guilty of an offence.

(4) Any person guilty of an offence under subsection (1) or subsection (3) of this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding two years or to both.

(5) Any person who contravenes section 5(1) of this Act shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.

(6) Any person who contravenes section 7(1) of this Act shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £20.

(7) Any person who contravenes subsection (2) or subsection

(3) of section 7 of this Act shall be guilty of an offence; and—

(a) where the offence is committed in England or Wales,

the provisions of subsection (8) of section 169, and of section 194(2), of the Licensing Act 1964, or

(b) where the offence is committed in Scotland, the pro-

visions of subsection (7) of section 14 of the Licensing (Scotland) Act 1962,

shall have effect as those provisions have effect in relation to an offence under subsection (1) of the said section 169, or to a contravention of subsection (1) of the said section 14, as the case may be.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1573

Part II

Gaming on Premises Licensed or Registered under this Part of this Act

9. This Part of this Act applies to all gaming which takes whi^PiS n place on premises in respect of which either— applies.

(a) a licence under this Act is for the time being in force,

or

(b) a club or a miners* welfare institute is for the time

being registered under this Part of this Act,

and which is not gaming by means of any machine to which Part III of this Act applies.

19.—(1) There shall be established a Board to be known as Gaming the Gaming Board for Great Britain (in this Act referred Britain, to as " the Board "), consisting of a chairman and other members appointed by the Secretary of State.

(2) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the Board.

(3) It shall be the duty of the Board to keep under review the extent and character of gaming in Great Britain and, in particular, to keep under review the extent, character and location of gaming facilities which—

(a) are for the time being provided on premises in respect

of which licences under this Act are for the time being in force, or in respect of which clubs and miners* welfare institutes are for the time being registered under this Part or under Part III of this Act, or

(b) are the subject of applications for the grant or renewal

of such licences or such registration,

and to perform such other functions as are assigned to the Board by this Act

(4) In Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 (bodies of which all members are dis- 1957 c. 20. qualified under that Act) in its application to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom there shall

be inserted at the appropriate point in alphabetical order the entry: " The Gaming Board for Great Britain ".

11.—(1) The provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have Provisions as effect with respect to the licensing of premises under this Act. to Licensing

(2) The provisions of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect registration, with respect to the registration of clubs and miners* welfare institutes under this Part of this Act in England and Wales.

1574

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Part II and the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the registration of clubs and miners’ welfare institutes under this Part of this Act in Scotland.

Who may 12.—(1) Where gaming to which this Part of this Act applies

participate takes place on any premises, then, subject to the following to which8 Part P10^0118 of this section, no person shall participate in the II applies. gaming—

(a) if he is not present on the premises at the time when the gaming takes place there, or

(b) on behalf of another person who is not present on the premises at that time.

(2) Where gaming to which this Part of this Act applies takes place on premises in respect of which a licence under this Act is for the time being in force, then, subject to the following provisions of this section, no person shall participate in the gaming unless either—

(a) he is a member of the club specified in the licence who,

at the time when he begins to take part in the gaming, is eligible to take part in it, or

(b) he is a bona fide guest of a person who is a member

of that club and who, at the time when the guest begins to take part in the gaming, is eligible to take part in it,

and neither the holder of the licence nor any person acting on his behalf or employed on the premises in question shall participate in the gaming.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2) of this section a member of the club specified in the licence is eligible to take part in the gaming at any particular time if either—

(a) he was admitted to membership of the club in pursuance of an application in writing made by him in person on the premises in question, and at that time at least forty-eight hours have elapsed since he applied for membership of the club, or (b) since becoming a member of the club he has given notice in writing in person on those premises to the holder of the licence, or to a person acting on behalf of the holder of the licence, of his intention to take part in gaming on those premises, and at that time at least forty-eight hours have elapsed since he gave that notice.

(4) Where gaming takes place on premises in respect of which a licence under this Act is for the time being in force, and consists of a game which involves playing or staking against a bank, nothing in subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section shall prevent the holder of the licence or a person acting on his behalf from holding the bank or having a share or interest in it.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1575

(5) For the purposes of subsection (2) of this section a person Part n shall not be precluded from being a bona fide guest as mentioned

in paragraph (b) of that subsection by reason only that he makes a payment which is lawfully required in accordance with section 14 of this Act

(6) Where gaming to which this Part of this Act applies takes place on premises in respect of which a club or miners’ welfare institute is for the time being registered under this Part of this Act no person shall participate in the gaming unless either—

(a) he is a member of the club or institute and there has

been an interval of at least forty-eight hours between the time when he applied or was nominated for membership of the club or institute and the time when he begins to take part in the gaming, or

(b) he is a bona fide gpest of a person who.is a member of

the club or institute and there has been an interval of at least forty-eight hours between the time when that person applied or was nominated for membership of the club or institute and the time when the guest begins to take part in the gaming;

and for the purposes of paragraph (b) of this subsection a person

shall be taken not to be a bona fide guest if he himself makes any payment required for enabling him to obtain access to the premises, or to a part of them which is a part in which the gaming takes place, or if (apart from any stakes hazarded and the payment of any losses incurred by him in the gaming) he makes any payment in money or money’s worth in respect of the gaming.

(7) For the purposes of this section a person participates in the gaming if—

(a) he takes part in the gaming as a player, or

(b) where the game involves playing or staking against a bank, he holds the bank or has a share or interest in it.

(8) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect subject to section 20 of this Act.

13.—(1) Subject to the next following subsection, no gaming Restrictions to which this Part of this Act applies shall take place where on games to any one or more of the conditions specified in section 2(1) of be played, this Act are fulfilled.

(2) Regulations made under this section may provide that the preceding subsection shall not have effect in relation to any gaming if the game played is of a kind specified in the regulations and is so played as to comply with such conditions (if any) as may be prescribed by the regulations in relation to that kind of game.

1576

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Part II

Charges for taking part in gaming.

Levy on stakes or winnings.

14. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, section 3 of this Act shall have effect in relation to gaming to which this Part of this Act applies as it has effect in relation to gaming to which Part 1 of this Act applies.

(2) Regulations .made under this section may provide that charges which, apart from the regulations, would be prohibited by section 3 of this Act as applied by the preceding subsection may be made as follows, that is to say—

(a) where the gaming takes place on premises in respect

of which a licence under this Act is for the time being in force, such charges may, in such circumstances as may be prescribed by die regulations, be made if they comply with such conditions as are so prescribed;

(b) where the gaming takes place on premises in respect of which a club or a miners' welfare institute is for the time being registered under this Part of this Act, such charges may, in such circumstances as may be prescribed by the regulations, be made at a rate not exceeding the rate so prescribed.

(3) Without prejudice to the application of section 51(3) of this Act, regulations made for the purposes of subsection (2)(a) of this section may enable different charges to be made in respect of different facilities (whether provided in different parts of the same premises or by way of different games or of the same game played at different tables or otherwise) or in respect of gaming facilities provided on any premises during different sessions of play.

(4) No charge shall be made in accordance with subsection

(2) (a) of this section unless particulars of the charges and of the circumstances in which they are chargeable—

(a) are displayed on the premises, and

(b) have, not less than fourteen days before the date on which the charge is made, been notified to the licensing authority who granted die licence in respect of the premises on which the gaming takes place,

and, if the regulations so provide, those particulars comprise such matters as the regulations prescribe and are displayed on the premises in a manner, and in positions, determined in accordance with the regulations.

15. —(1) Subject to the next following subsection, section 4 of this Act shall have effect in relation to gaming to which this Part of this Act applies as it has effect in relation to gaming to which Part I of this Act applies.

(2) Regulations made under this section may provide that, where any gaming to which this Part of this Act applies takes

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1577

place on premises in respect of which a licence under this Act Part II is for the time being in force, a levy, of such amount or calculated in such manner as may be prescribed, may in prescribed circumstances be charged on the stakes or on the winnings of the players.

16.—(1) Subject to the next following subsection, where Provision gaming to which this Part of this Act applies takes place on of credit for premises in respect of which a licence under this Act is for the gamin8* time being in force, neither the holder of the licence nor any person acting on his behalf or under any arrangement with him shall make any loan or otherwise provide or allow to any person any credit, or release, or discharge on another person’s behalf, the whole or part of any debt,—

(a) for enabling any person to take part in the gaming, or

(b) in respect of any losses incurred by any person in the

gaming.

(2) Neither the holder of the licence nor any person acting on his behalf or under any arrangement with him shall accept a cheque and give in exchange for it cash or tokens for enabling any person to take part in the gaming unless the* following conditions are fulfilled, that is to say—

(a) the cheque is not a post-dated cheque, and

(b) it is exchanged for cash to an amount equal to the

amount for which it is drawn, or is exchanged for tokens at the same rate as would apply if cash, to the amount for which the cheque is drawn, were given in exchange for them;

but, where those conditions are fulfilled, the giving of cash or tokens in exchange for a cheque shall not be taken to contravene subsection (1) of this section.

(3) Where the holder of a licence under this Act, or a person acting on behalf of or under any arrangement with the holder of such a licence, accepts a cheque in exchange for cash or tokens to be used by a player in gaming to which this Part of this Act applies, he shall not more than two banking days later cause the cheque to be delivered to a bank for payment or collection.

(4) Nothing in the Gaming Act 1710, the Gaming Act 1835, 1710 c. 19. the Gaming Act 1845 or the Gaming Act 1892 shall affect the c- 41. validity of, or any remedy in respect of, any cheque which is Jg^ £ 9 accepted in exchange for cash or tokens to be used by a

player in gaming to which this Part of this Act applies.

(5) In this section " banking day " means a day which is a business day in accordance with section 92 of the Bills of 1882 c. 61. Exchange Act 1882.

1578 Ch. 65 Gaming Act 1968

Part II 17. Except as provided by section 20 or section 21 of this Exclusion Act, no person under eighteen shall be present in any room

of persons while gaming to which this Part of this Act applies takes place

under 18. in that room.

Gaming on Sundays.

1964 c. 42.

18.—(1) No gaming shall take place on any Sunday on any premises in respect of which a licence under this Act is for the time being in force—

(a) between the hours of three in the morning and two in

the afternoon, if the premises are in any part of the inner London area which is designated by an order made for the purposes of this paragraph by the Secretary of State, or

(b) between the hours of two in the morning and two in

the afternoon, if the premises are in any part of England or Wales other than a part of the inner London area so designated.

(2) In Scotland, no gaming shall take place on any Sunday between the hours of two in the morning and half past seven in the evening on any premises in respect of which a licence under this* Act is for the time being in force.

(3) In this section " the inner London area " means the area which for the time being constitutes the inner London area for the purposes of the Administration of Justice Act 1964.

Approval 19.—(1) Where gaming to which this Part of this Act applies

by Board of takes place on premises in respect of which a licence under certain persons this Act is for the time being in force, no person shall in pur-^th ganSnc suance of any service agreement perform any function to which K this subsection applies unless a certificate has been issued by

the Board, and is for the time being in force, certifying that he has been approved by the Board under this section in respect of the performance of that function on those premises.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section applies to any function which is performed on the premises in question and consists of—

(a) taking part in the gaming as a player, or

(b) assisting the gaming by operating or handling any

apparatus, cards, tokens or other articles used in the gaming, or

(c) issuing, receiving or recording cash or tokens used in

the gaming or cheques given in respect of any such cash or tokens or in respect of sums won or lost in the gaming, or

(d) watching (otherwise than as manager, organiser or supervisor) the gaming or the performance by any

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1579

person in pursuance of any service agreement of any Part II function falling within paragraphs (a) to (c) of this subsection.

(3) In the case of any premises in respect of which a licence under this Act is for the time being in force, the Board may serve a notice under this subsection on any person (whether the holder of the licence or not) appearing to the Board to be acting in any capacity as manager, organiser or supervisor in relation to the gaming or in relation to persons who in pursuance of service agreements perform any functions to which subsection (1) of this section applies.

(4) A notice served under the last preceding subsection in the case of any premises shall require the person on whom it is served, before the end of such period (not being less than twenty-one days from the date of service of the notice) as may be specified in the notice, to obtain the approval of the Board to his acting in relation to those premises in any such capacity as is mentioned in the last preceding subsection; and, after the end of that period, the person on whom the notice is served shall not act in any such capacity in relation to those premises unless a certificate has been issued by the Board, and is for the time being in force, certifying that he has been approved by the Board under this section for acting in that capacity in relation to those premises.

(5) The provisions of Part I of Schedule 5 to this Act shall have effect with respect to applications to the Board for certificates of approval under this section and with respect to the issue and revocation of such certificates.

(6) An application made to the Board for the issue of a certificate of approval shall, in such circumstances and to such extent as is provided by Part II of Schedule 5 to this Act, have effect for the purposes of this section as if it were a certificate of approval issued by the Board, and for the time being in force, under this section.

(7) In this section M service agreement " means any contract of service or of apprenticeship and any contract or arrangement for the rendering of services which is not a contract of service or of apprenticeship.

20.—(1) This section applies to any club specified in a licence Special under this Act where, by virtue of any restrictions which, on the provisions grant or renewal of the licence, were imposed under paragraph " t° bingo 25 of Schedule 2 to this Act and are for the time being in force,c ubs* gaming to which Part II of this Act applies is limited to the playing of bingo; and in this Part of this Act "bingo club premises " means premises in respect of which a licence under this Act is for the time being in force, where the club specified in the licence is one to which this section applies.

1580

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Part n (2) Where a game of bingo is played simultaneously on different bingo club premises in circumstances where—

(a) all the players take part in the same game at the

same time and all are present at that time on one or other of those premises, and

(b) the draw takes place on one or other of those premises

while the game is being played, and

(c) any claim of one of the players to have won is indicated

to all the other players before the next number is called,

then, if the conditions specified in the next following subsection are fulfilled, section 12(1) of this Act shall have effect in relation to that game as if those different premises were the same premises.

(3) The conditions referred to in subsection (2) of this section, in relation to a game of bingo played simultaneously on different premises, are that—

(a) the aggregate amount paid to players as winnings in

respect of that game does not exceed the aggregate amount of the stakes hazarded by the players in playing that game, and

(b) the aggregate amount paid to players as winnings in

respect of that game, (together with the aggregate amount paid to players as winnings in respect of all games of bingo which, in the circumstances specified in that subsection, have previously been played in the same week and have been so played on premises consisting of, or including any of, those premises, does not exceed £1,000.

(4) Where subsection (2) of this section has effect in relation to a game of bingo played simultaneously on different premises, then, for the purposes of the application of subsections (2) and

(3) of section 12 of this Act in relation to each of those premises, regard shall be had only to such of the players as are present on those particular premises.

(5) In relation to any club to which this section applies, section 12(3) of this Act shall have effect as if—

(a) in paragraph (a) the words from "he was admitted"

to " the premises in question, and " were omitted, and for the words "forty-eight hours" there were substituted the words " twenty-four hours ", and

(b) paragraph (b) were omitted.

(6) In relation to gaming which takes place on bingo club premises section 17 of this Act shall not have effect so as to

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1581

prevent persons under eighteen from being present in any room Part II while a game of bingo is played there, if they do not take part in the game as players.

(7) In relation to any bingo club premises, section 19 of this Act shall have effect as if, in subsection (2) of that section, for the words from " and consists of " to the end of the subsection, there were substituted the words " and is a function of a kind prescribed by regulations made for the purposes of this subsection ".

(8) Without prejudice to the operation (where applicable) of subsections (2) to (4) of this section, the aggregate amount paid to players as winnings in respect of all games of bingo played in any one week on any particular bingo club premises shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the stakes hazarded by the players in playing those games by more than £250:

Provided that the Secretary of State may by order provide that this subsection shall have effect with the substitution, for the reference to £250, of a reference to such other sum as may be specified in the order.

(9) In this section " week " means a period of seven days beginning with Monday, any reference to an aggregate amount shall be construed as including a reference to an aggregate value in money's worth, and any reference to an aggregate amount paid shall be construed accordingly.

21.—(1) This section applies to any gaming which (being special gaming to which this Part of this Act applies) is gaming for provisions as prizes in respect of which the conditions specified in the next J? 8*""°* following subsection are fulfilled. ror P"2®8*

(2) Those conditions are that—

(a) the amount paid by any person for any one chance

to win a prize does not exceed one shilling;

(b) the aggregate amount taken by way of the sale of chances in any one determination of winners (if any) of prizes does not exceed fifty shillings, and the sale of those chances and the declaration of the result take place on the same day and on the premises on which, and at the time when, the game is played;

(c) no money prize exceeding one shilling is distributed

or offered;

(d) the winning of, or the purchase of a chance to win,

a prize does not entitle any person (whether subject to a further payment by him or not) to any further opportunity to win money or money's worth by taking part in any other gaming or in any lottery; and

1582

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Part II

Further powers to regulate licensed club premises.

(e) the aggregate amount or value of the prizes on any one determination of winners does not exceed fifty shillings.

(3) Section 13 of this Act shall not have effect in relation to any gaming to which this section applies which takes place on premises in respect of which a licence under this Act is for the time being in force and, in relation to any such gaming, section 3 of this Act, as applied by section 14 of this Act, shall not be taken to be contravened by reason only that a person pays for a chance to win a prize.

(4) Where any gaming to which this section applies takes place on any bingo club premises, section 17 of this Act shall not have effect so as to prevent persons under eighteen from being present in any room on those premises while any such gaming takes place there, if they do not take part in the gaming as players.

(5) Where on the grant or renewal of a licence under this Act in respect of any premises the licensing authority impose restrictions under paragraph 25 of Schedule 2 to this Act whereby gaming on those premises is limited to a particular game or games, those restrictions, in so far as they so limit the gaming, shall not have effect in relation to any gaming to which this section applies.

(6) Where a game of bingo is played for prizes on any bingo club premises, and constitutes gaming to which this section applies, the prizes won in that game shall be disregarded for the purposes of section 20(8) of this Act.

(7) No account shall be taken of subsection (5) of this section for the purpose of determining—

(a) whether a club is one to which section 20 of this

Act applies, or

(b) whether any premises are bingo club premises, or

(c) whether, for the purposes of Schedule 2 to this Act,

a licence under this Act is a bingo club licence.

(8) The Secretary of State may by order direct that any paragraph of subsection (2) of this section which is specified in the order and which specifies a sum shall have effect as if, for that sum, there were substituted such other sum as may be specified in the order.

22.—(1) The Secretary of State may make regulations requiring the holder of a licence under this Act in respect of any premises—

(a) to display, in such manner and in such position on those premises as may be prescribed by the regulations, the rules in accordance with which any game is to be

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1583

played on the premises, either generally or in any Part II particular circumstances;

(b) to make, and to retain during such period as may be prescribed by the regulations, such records as may be so prescribed with respect to cheques given in exchange for cash or tokens to be used by players in gaming on those premises, and to provide such verification of those records as may be so prescribed.

(2) The Secretary of State may make regulations imposing such prohibitions, restrictions or other requirements (in addition to those imposed by or under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act) as may appear to the Secretary of State to be requisite—

(a) for securing that gaming on any premises in respect

of which a licence under this Act is for the time being in force is fairly and properly conducted, or

(b) for preventing the use of any indirect means for doing

anything which, if done directly, would be a contravention of this Part of this Act or of any regulations made thereunder.

(3) The Secretary of State may by regulations provide that a licensing authority—

(a) shall refuse to grant or renew a licence under this Act in such circumstances as may be prescribed by the regulations, or

(b) may refuse to grant or renew such a licence in such circumstances as may be so prescribed, without prejudice to any other grounds on which the grant or renewal could be refused apart from the regulations, or

(c) shall, in such circumstances as may be so prescribed,

impose such restrictions under paragraph 25 of Schedule 2 to this Act as the regulations may require.

(4) Without prejudice to section 18 of this Act or to any powers exercisable by virtue of the preceding provisions of this section or by virtue of Schedule 2 to this Act, the Secretary of State may by regulations impose restrictions with respect to the hours during which gaming will be permitted to take place on premises in respect of which a licence under this Act is for the time being in force.

23.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section. Offences if any of the provisions of sections 12 to 20 of this Act, or of under Part II. any regulations made under subsection (1), subsection (2) or sub-

3 E

1584

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Part n section (4) of section 22 of this Act, are contravened in relation to any premises,—

(a) the holder of the licence, if they are premises in respect

of which a licence under this Act is for the time being in force, or

(b) every officer of the club or institute, if they are premises

in respect of which a club or a miners* welfare institute is for the time being registered under this Part of this Act,

shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) Without prejudice to the preceding subsection, but subject to subsection (3) of this section, if any such provisions as are mentioned in the preceding subsection are contravened in relation to any gaming (or, in the case of the provisions of section 16(3) of this Act, are contravened in relation to a cheque accepted in exchange for cash or tokens to be used by a player in any gaming), every person concerned in the organisation or management of the gaming shall be guilty of an offence.

(3) Where a person is charged with an offence under either of the preceding subsections in respect of a contravention of any such provisions as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, it shall be a defence for him to prove—

(a) that the contravention occurred without his knowledge, and

(b) that he exercised all such care as was reasonable in the circumstances to secure that the provisions in question would not be contravened.

(4) Any person guilty of an offence under subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400,

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding two years or to both.

(5) Where, on the grant or renewal of a licence under this Act in respect of any premises, or on registering or renewing the registration of a club or a miners’ welfare institute under this Part of this Act, the licensing authority or sheriff imposed any restrictions under paragraph 24 or paragraph 25 of Schedule 2, under paragraph 11 of Schedule 3 or under paragraph 13 of Schedule 4 to this Act, subsections (1) to (3) of this section shall have effect in relation to any contravention of those restrictions as they have effect in relation to any contravention of the provisions of sections 12 to 20 of this Act.

(6) If any person, for the purpose of obtaining, for himself or for any other person, a certificate of approval under section

L*

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1585

19 of this Act, or the reinstatement of such a certificate after it has been revoked by the Board,—

(a) makes a statement which he knows to be false in a material particular, or

(b) recklessly makes a statement which is false in a material

particular,

he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200.

24. —(1) Where a person is convicted of an offence committed in respect of any premises under subsection (1) or subsection

(2) of section 23 of this Act (including either of those subsections as applied by subsection (5) of that section), the court by which he is convicted may make a disqualification order under this section prohibiting a licence under this Act from being held in respect of those premises during a period specified in the order.

(2) The period specified in a disqualification order under this section shall not exceed five years from the date on which the order comes into force.

(3) Where a disqualification order under this section is made, any licence within the prohibition obtained before the order is made or before it takes effect shall by virtue of the order be cancelled as from the time when the order takes effect, and any such licence obtained after the order takes effect shall be null and void.

25. —(1) A disqualification order made under section 24 of this Act by a court in England or Wales—

(a) shall not take effect until the end of the period within

which the person on whose conviction the order was made can appeal against the conviction or against the making of the order, and

(b) if he so appeals, shall not take effect until the appeal

has been determined or abandoned.

(2) The person on whose conviction a disqualification order was made under section 24 of this Act by a court in Scotland may, without prejudice to any other form of appeal under any rule of law, appeal against the order as against the conviction; and the disqualification order—

(a) shall not take effect until the end of the period of

fourteen days commencing with the date on which the order was made; and

(b) if an appeal against the order or the said conviction

is taken within the said period, shall not take effect until the date when that appeal is determined or abandoned or deemed to have been abandoned.

(3) A court shall not make an order under that section prohibiting the holding of a licence in respect of premises

3 E 2

Part n

Power of court to make disqualification order on conviction of certain offences.

Supplementary provisions as to disqualification orders.

1586

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Part II specified in the order, unless an opportunity has been given to any person interested in the premises and applying to be heard by the court to show cause why the order should not be made.

(4) At any time while such a disqualification order is in force, the court by which the order was made, on an application made by any person affected by the order, may revoke the order or vary it by reducing any period of prohibition specified in the order.

(5) Where on an application made under subsection (4) of this section the relief asked for is or includes the revocation or variation of a prohibition imposed by the order on the holding of a licence in respect of any premises, a copy of the application shall be served on the chief officer of police, or, in Scotland, the chief constable, for the police area in which the premises are situated.

(6) For the purposes of subsection (4) of this section, a disqualification order under section 24 of this Act made by a court of quarter sessions on appeal from the decision of a magistrates’ court shall be treated as having been made by that magistrates* court.

Scope of Part m.

General

restrictions.

Part III Gaming by Means of Machines Introductory

26. —(1) This Part of this Act applies to any machine which—

(a) is constructed or adapted for playing a game of chance

by means of the machine, and

(b) has a slot or other aperture for the insertion of money

or money’s worth in the form of cash or tokens.

(2) In the preceding subsection the reference to playing a game of chance by means of a machine includes playing a game of chance partly by means of a machine and partly by other means if (but only if) the element of chance in the game is provided by means of the machine.

(3) In this Part of this Act " charge for play * means an amount paid in money or money’s worth by or on behalf of a player in order to play one or more games by means of a machine to which this Part of this Act applies.

Sale, supply and maintenance of machines

27. —(1) Except as provided by subsections (2) to (4) of this section, no person shall, whether as principal or as a servant or agent, sell or supply a machine to which this Part of this Act applies unless—

(a) he is the holder of a certificate issued for the purposes of this subsection by the Board which is for the time

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1587

being in force, or of a permit in respect of that machine Part in which has been granted for the purposes of this subsection by the Board and is for the time being in force, or

(b) where he sells or supplies the machine as the servant

or agent of another person, that other person is the holder of such a certificate or permit.

(2) The preceding subsection does not apply—

(i a)to the sale of machines of any description to a person who carries on a business which consists of or includes selling or supplying machines of that description;

(b) to the sale or supply of a machine to a person buying or agreeing or proposing to buy it under a credit-sale agreement, or to the supply of a machine to a person as being a person hiring or agreeing or proposing to hire it under a hire-purchase agreement, where (in any such case) the person who is or is to be the seller or owner in relation to the agreement has at no time had possession of the machine and became or becomes the owner of it only for the purpose of entering into the agreement;

(c) to the sale or supply of a machine as scrap; or

(d) to any transaction whereby the premises in which a

machine to which this Part of this Act applies is installed are sold or let and the machine is sold or supplied to the purchaser or tenant as part of the fixtures and fittings of the premises.

(3) Subject to the next following subsection, subsection (1) of this section does not apply to the sale or supply of a machine for use exclusively at a travelling showmen’s pleasure fair or for use exclusively on premises used or to be used—

(a) wholly or mainly for the provision of amusements by

means of machines to which this Part of this Act applies, or

(b) wholly or mainly for the purposes of a pleasure fair consisting wholly or mainly of amusements, or

(c) as a pleasure pier.

(4) The Secretary of State may by order direct that subsection (3) of this section shall cease to have effect, or shall have effect subject to such exceptions as may be specified in the order.

(5) No person acting as principal shall—

(a) undertake for valuable consideration to maintain the mechanism of a machine to which this Part of this Act applies, or

3 E 3

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

1588

Part ni (b) cause or permit another person to enter into such an undertaking on his behalf,

unless the person so acting as principal is the holder of a certificate issued for the purposes of this subsection by the Board which is for the time being in force, or of a permit in respect of that machine which has been granted for the purposes of this subsection by the Board and is for the time being in force.

(6) The provisions of Schedule 6 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the issue of certificates, and the grant of permits, for the purposes of subsections (1) and (5) of this section.

(7) In this section " credit-sale agreement " means an agreement for the sale of goods under which the whole or part of the purchase price is payable by instalments, and " hire-purchase agreement " has the meaning assigned to it by section 1 of the 1965 c. 66. Hire-Purchase Act 1965, or, in die application of this section

1965 c. 67. to Scotland, by section 1 of the Hire-Purchase (Scotland) Act

1965.

Restrictions 28.—(1) The Secretary of State may by regulations impose

as to terms and such restrictions as he may consider necessary or expedient conditions. with respect to the terms and conditions on which machines to which this Part of this Act applies may be sold or supplied or undertaken to be maintained.

(2) Without prejudice to any restrictions imposed by regulations under the preceding subsection, but subject to subsection (3> of this section, no person shall sell or supply, or shall undertake to maintain, a machine to which this Part of this Act applies on terms and conditions which are in any way dependent upon, or provide for any calculation by reference to, the extent to which, or the manner in which, that machine, or any other machine or equipment (whether a machine to which this Part of this Act applies or not), is used.

(3) Subsection (2) of this section shall not have effect in relation to the sale or supply of a machine for use exclusively at a travelling showmen’s pleasure fair or for use exclusively on premises used or to be used as mentioned in paragraph (a), paragraph (b)or paragraph (c) of section 27(3) of this Act, or in relation to an undertaking to maintain a machine at any such pleasure fair or on any such premises:

Provided that the Secretary of State may by order direct that this subsection shall cease to have effect, or shall have effect subject to such exceptions as may be specified in the order.

(4) In this section "terms and conditions" includes any terms and conditions as to price, rent or any other payment.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1589

29. For the purposes of sections 27 and 28 of this Act a Part in person (other than a travelling showman) who, in pursuance of Application any concession, licence or other right granted to him, places a of *• machine, or causes a machine to be placed, on premises which j^ceLion-are not in his occupation shall be treated as supplying the machine at the time when it is placed on those premises.

Use of machines for gaming on premises licensed or registered under this Act

30. The provisions of Schedule 7 to this Act shall have effect Registration with respect to the registration of clubs and miners* welfare under Part ill. institutes under this Part of this Act in England and Wales, and

the provisions of Schedule 8 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the registration of clubs and miners* welfare institutes under this Part of this Act in Scotland.

31.—(1) Subject to any direction given under section 32 of Use of this Act, the following provisions of this section shall have machines by effect where any machine to which this Part of this Act applies virtue of is used for gaming on any premises in respect of which— nitration.

(a) a licence under this Act is for the time being in force, or

(b) a club or a miners’ welfare institute is for the time being registered under Part II or under this Part of this Act.

(2) Not more than two machines to which this Part of this Act applies shall be made available for gaming on those premises.

(3) The charge for play for playing a game once by means of any such machine on the premises shall be a coin or coins inserted in the machine of an amount not exceeding (or, if more than one, not in the aggregate exceeding) one shilling or such other sum as may be specified in an order made by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this subsection.

(4) In respect of any one game played by means of such a machine on the premises no player or person claiming under a player shall receive, or shall be entitled to receive, any article, benefit or advantage other than a coin or coins delivered by the machine.

(5) If an amount is prescribed for the purposes of this subsection, the coins delivered by any such machine on the premises as a prize in respect of any one game played by means of the machine shall not in the aggregate exceed the amount so prescribed.

(6) If a percentage is prescribed for the purposes of this subsection, then on any premises in respect of which a licence under

3 E 4

1590

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

PARTin

Power for licensing authority to authorise more than two machines.

Use of machines at noncommercial entertainments.

this Act is for the time being in force there shall not be any such machine which, in accordance with the way in which the machine is constructed, adapted or for the time being regulated, is designed to pay out less than that percentage of the aggregate value of the charges for play inserted in the machine.

(7) There shall be displayed on any such machine on any such premises as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section—

(a) a statement specifying the value of the prize (or. if

there are different prizes, the value of each prize) which can be won by playing a game once by means of the machine;

(b) if there are any special circumstances in which that

prize (or, as the case may be, those prizes) cannot be won, a statement of those circumstances; and

(c) a statement of a percentage as being the percentage or

minimum percentage of the aggregate value of the charges for play inserted in the machine which the machine is designed to pay out;

and, if the manner in which those statements are to be so displayed is prescribed, they shall be displayed in that manner.

(8) No such machine shall be used for gaming on the premises at any time when the public have access to the premises, whether on payment or otherwise.

32. —(1) In connection with any application for the grant or renewal of a licence under this Act the applicant may request the licensing authority to give a direction under this section.

(2) Where such a request is made, and the licensing authority grant or renew the licence, and, on doing so, give a direction under this section specifying a maximum number of machines, then, in relation to any time when the number of machines to which this Part of this Act applies which are available for gaming on the premises does not exceed the number so specified,—

ia) the provisions of subsections (2) to (7) of section 31 of this Act shall not have effect in relation to the premises to which the licence relates, but

(b) the provisions of section 34 of this Act shall have effect in relation to those premises.

Use of machines for gaming by way of amusement with prizes

33. —(1) This section applies to any entertainment which takes place elsewhere than on premises in respect of which—

* (a) a licence under this Act is for the time being in force, or

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1591

(b) a club or a miners* welfare institute is for the time being registered under Part II or under this Part of this Act,

and which is an entertainment of any of the following kinds, that is to say, bazaars, sales of work, fStes, dinners, dances, sporting or athletic events and other entertainments of a similar character, whether limited to one day or extending over two or more days.

(2) Where a machine to which this Part of this Act applies is used for gaming as an incident of any such entertainment, the whole proceeds of the entertainment (including the proceeds of the use of the machine and the proceeds of any lottery provided as an incident of the entertainment), after making any deductions allowed in accordance with the next following subsection, shall be devoted to purposes other than private gain.

(3) The deductions referred to in subsection (2) of this section are the following, that is to say—

(a) the expenses of the entertainment, including any

expenses incurred in connection with the use of the machine but excluding any expenses incurred in connection with any lottery promoted as an incident of the entertainment;

(b) any expenses incurred in printing tickets in any such lottery; and

(c) such sum if any, not exceeding ten pounds, as the

promoters of any such lottery think fit to appropriate on account of any expense incurred by them in purchasing prizes in the lottery.

(4) Where a machine to which this Part of this Act applies is used for gaming as an incident of an entertainment to which this section applies, the opportunity to win prizes by means of the machine, or that opportunity together with—

(a) any facilities offered by virtue of section 43 of the Act

of 1963 for participating in any lottery promoted as an incident of the entertainment, or

(b) any facilities offered for taking part in gaming at the

entertainment in accordance with section 48 of that Act or section 41 of this Act,

shall not constitute the only, or the only substantial, inducement to persons to attend the entertainment.

(5) The Secretary of State may by regulations impose such restrictions (in addition to those specified in subsections (2) to

(4) of this section) as he may consider necessary or expedient with respect to the use of any machine to which this Part of this Act applies for gaming as an incident of an entertainment to which this section applies.

3 E*

Part HI

1592

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Part HI

Other uses of machines for amusement purposes.

(6) Subsections (1) and (3) of section 54 of the Act of 1963 (construction of references to private gain) shall have effect for the purposes of this section.

34.—(1) The conditions specified in the following provisions of this section shall be observed where a machine to which this Part of this Act applies is used for gaming—

(a) on any premises in respect of which a permit granted

for the purposes of this section is for the time being in force, or

(b) on any premises in respect of which a licence under

this Act and a direction given under section 32 of this Act are for the time being in force, where, by virtue of that direction, the provisions of this section have effect in relation to the premises, or

(c) on any premises used wholly or mainly for the purpose

of a pleasure fair consisting wholly or mainly of amusements provided otherwise than by means of machines to which this Part of this Act applies, being premises in respect of which a permit granted under section 49 of the Act of 1963 is for the time being in force, or

(d) at a travelling showmen's pleasure fair.

(2) The charge for play for playing a game once by means of the machine shall be one or more coins or tokens inserted in the machine of an amount or value not exceeding (or, if more than one, not in the aggregate exceeding) one shilling.

(3) Except as provided by subsections (4) and (9) of this section, in respect of any one game played by means of the machine no player or person claiming under a player shall receive, or shall be entitled to receive, any article, benefit or advantage other than one (and only one) of the following, that is to say—

(a) a money prize not exceeding two shillings or a token

which is, or two or more tokens which in the aggregate are, exchangeable only for such a money prize;

(b) a non-monetary prize or prizes of a value or aggregate

value not exceeding five shillings or a token exchangeable only for such a non-monetary prize or such nonmonetary prizes;

(c) a money prize not exceeding two shillings together with

a non-monetary prize of a value which does not exceed five shillings less the amount of the money prize, or a token exchangeable only for such a combination of a money prize and a non-monetary prize;

(d) one or more tokens which can be used for playing one

or more further games by means of the machine and,

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1593

in so far as they are not so used, can be exchanged for a non-monetary prize or non-monetary prizes at the appropriate rate.

(4) The condition specified in subsection (3) of this section shall not be taken to be contravened by reason only that a player, after inserting in the machine an amount permitted in accordance with subsection (2) of this section and playing a game successfully, is afforded by the automatic action of the machine an opportunity to play one or more further games without inserting any further coin or token in the machine, if in respect of all those games—

(a) he does not receive, and is not entitled to receive, any

article other than a money prize or money prizes of an amount or aggregate amount not exceeding two shillings, and

(b) he does not receive, and is not entitled to receive, any

other benefit or advantage apart from the opportunity to play the further game or games.

(5) In the case of a travelling showmen’s pleasure fair the opportunity to win prizes by means of amusements which constitute gaming (whether by the use of machines to which this Part of this Act applies or otherwise) shall not constitute the only, or the only substantial, inducement to persons to attend the fair.

(6) The provisions of Schedule 9 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the grant and renewal of permits for the purposes of this section.

(7) No permit for the purposes of this section shall be granted in respect of any premises where a licence under this Act is for the time being in force in respect of them or where a club or a miners’ welfare institute is for the time being registered in respect of them under Part II of this Act; and, where such a licence is granted or a club or a miners’ welfare institute is so registered in respect of any premises, and a permit granted for the purposes of this section is then in force in respect of those premises, the permit shall thereupon cease to have effect

(8) In this section " non-monetary prize " means a prize which does not consist of or include any money and does not consist of or include any token which can be exchanged for money or money’s worth or used for playing a game by means of the machine; and for the purposes of subsection (3)(d) of this section a token or tokens shall be taken to be exchanged for a nonmonetary prize or prizes at the appropriate rate if either—

(a) the value or aggregate value of the prize or prizes does not exceed five shillings and the token or tokens exchanged represent the maximum number of tokens

3 E* 2

Part m

1594

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Part in

Use of machines not falling within ss. 31 to 34.

Removal of money from machines.

which can be won by playing a game once by means of the machine, or

(b) in any other case, the value or aggregate value of the prize or prizes does not exceed five shillings and bears to five shillings a proportion not exceeding that which the number of tokens exchanged bears to the maximum number of tokens which can be won by playing a game once by means of the machine.

(9) The Secretary of State may by order direct that any provision of this section which is specified in the order and which specifies a sum shall have effect as if, for that sum, there were substituted such other sum as may be specified in the order.

General restriction on other gaming by means of machines

35. No machine to which this Part of this Act applies shall be used for gaming except—

(a) on premises in respect of which a licence under this

Act is for the time being in force, or in respect of which a club or a miners’ welfare institute is for the time being registered under Part II or under this Part of this Act, or

(b) as an incident of an entertainment to which section 33

of this Act applies, or

(c) as mentioned in paragraph (a), paragraph (c) or para-

graph (d) of section 34(1) of this Act.

Supplementary provisions

36.—(1) Where a machine to which this Part of this Act applies is installed on premises in respect of which—

(a) a licence under this Act is for the time being in force, or

(b) a club or a miners* welfare institute is for the time

being registered under Part II or under this Part of this Act,

no person who is not an authorised person for the purposes of this section shall remove from the machine any money, other than any money delivered by the machine as, or as part of, a prize in respect of a game played by means of the machine.

(2) For the purposes of this section the following are authorised persons in relation to a machine according to the premises on which it is installed, that is to say—

(a) in the case of premises in respect of which a licence under this Act is for the time being in force, the holder of the licence and any person employed by him in connection with the premises;

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1595

(b) in the case of premises in respect of which a club is for Part ill

the time being registered under Part II or under this Part of this Act, any officer or member of the club and any person employed by or on behalf of the members of the club in connection with the premises;

(c) in the case of premises in respect of which a miners'

welfare institute is for the time being so registered, any officer of the institute, any person for the time being enrolled as a member of the institute, and any person employed in connection with the premises by or on behalf of the persons so enrolled.

37.—(1) The Secretary of State may by regulations— Regulations

(a) prohibit, or impose such restrictions as he may consider

necessary or expedient on, the sale, supply, maintenance and records, or use of machines to which this Part of this Act applies which are of a description specified in the regulations;

(b) prohibit, or impose such restrictions as he may con-

sider necessary or expedient on, the sale or supply of tokens of a description so specified for use in machines to which this Part of this Act applies;

(c) impose special requirements in respect of machines to

which this Part of this Act applies which are installed, or are sold or supplied for the purpose of being installed, on any such premises as are mentioned in section 36(1) of this Act

(2) In respect of machines to which this Part of this Act applies which are installed on any such premises, regulations made by the Secretary of State may—

(a) in the case of premises in respect of which a licence

under this Act is for the time being in force, require the holder of the licence, or

(b) in the case of premises in respect of which a club or

a miners' welfare institute is for the time being registered under Part II or under this Part of this Act, require the officers of the club or institute, to make, and to retain during a prescribed period, such records and accounts as may be prescribed with respect to matters to which this subsection apphes, and to provide such verification of those records and accounts as may be prescribed; and the regulations may require the holder of the licence or the officers of the club or institute, as the case may be, to send to the Board and to the chief officer of police (or, in Scotland, the chief constable) for the police area in which the premises are situated an annual statement containing such particulars as may be

3 E* 3

1596

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Part in

Offences under Part HI.

prescribed with respect to matters to which this subsection applies.

(3) The matters to which subsection (2) of this section applies, in relation to a machine, are—

(a) any payments made in respect of the machine, whether by way of rent, maintenance charges or otherwise;

(b) any money or tokens inserted into the machine otherwise than as charges for play; and

(c) any money or tokens removed from the machine, other than money or tokens delivered by the machine as prizes.

38.—(1) Any person who contravenes subsection (1) or subsection (5) of section 27 of this Act shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) Any person who sells, supplies or undertakes to maintain a machine in contravention of any regulations made under subsection (1) of section 28 of this Act, or who contravenes subsection (2) of that section, shall be guilty of an offence.

(3) Subject to subsection (11) of this section, where any of the provisions of section 31 of this Act, or of any regulations made in pursuance of section 37(1) of this Act in so far as they relate to the use of machines, or of any regulations made in pursuance of section 37(2) of this Act, is contravened in relation to any premises—

(a) the holder of the licence, if they are premises in respect

of which a licence under this Act is for the time being in force, or

(b) every officer of the club or institute, if they are premises

in respect of which a club or a miners’ welfare institute is for the time being registered under Part II or under this Part of this Act,

shall be guilty of an offence; and where, in the case of any premises falling within subsection (1 of section 34 of this Act, any of the provisions of that section is contravened, the holder of the licence in respect of the premises shall be guilty of an offence.

(4) Without prejudice to the last preceding subsection, but subject to subsection (11) of this section, where any such provisions as are mentioned in the last preceding subsection are contravened in relation to a machine on any premises, any person who allowed the machine to be on the premises shall be guilty of an offence.

(5) Where any of the provisions of section 33 of this Act or of any regulations made under that section is contravened in relation to an entertainment, every person concerned in the

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1597

conduct of the entertainment shall be guilty of an offence unless Part m he proves that the contravention occurred without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all due diligence to prevent it

(6) Subject to subsection (11) of this section, where any of the provisions of section 34 of this Act is contravened, otherwise than in respect of premises falling within paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of that section, or where, in a case falling within paragraph (a) of that subsection, a condition to which the permit is subject is contravened,—

(a) the holder of the permit, in a case falling within para-

graph (a) or paragraph (c) of that subsection, or

(b) the person in charge of the machine, in a case falling

within paragraph id) of that subsection,

shall be guilty of an offence.

(7) Where a machine to which this Part of this Act applies is used for gaming on any premises, or in any vessel or vehicle, in contravention of section 35 of this Act, any person who allowed the machine to be on the premises or in the vessel or vehicle shall be guilty of an offence unless he proves that the contravention occurred without his consent or connivance and that he exercised all due diligence to prevent it.

(8) Any person who contravenes section 36 of this Act shall be guilty of an offence.

(9) Any person who—

(a) sells, supplies or maintains a machine, or sells or

supplies any token, in contravention of any regulations made under section 37(1) of this Act, or

(b) on any premises other than premises falling within

paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of this section, causes or permits a machine to be used in contravention of any such regulations,

shall be guilty of an offence.

(10) Where any of the provisions of section 33, section 34 or section 35 of this Act is contravened in relation to a machine, then (without prejudice to any liability of any person under the preceding provisions of this section) any person who, knowing or having reasonable cause to suspect that the provisions in question would be contravened in relation to the machine, sold or supplied the machine shall—

(a) in the case of a contravention of section 33 or section

35 of this Act, be guilty of an offence under this paragraph, or

(b) in the case of a contravention of section 34 of this Act,

be guilty of an offence under this paragraph.

3 E* 4

1598

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Part in (11) Where a person is charged with an offence under subsection (3), subsection (4) or subsection (6) of this section in respect of a contravention of any such provisions as are mentioned in any of those subsections, it shall be a defence for him to prove—

(a) that the contravention occurred without his knowledge,

and

(b) that he exercised all such care as was reasonable in the circumstances to secure that the provisions in question would not be contravened.

(12) Section 29 of this Act shall have effect for the purposes of subsections (1) and (2) of this section as it has effect for the purposes of sections 27 and 28 of this Act, and any reference in those subsections to contravening any provisions of those sections or any regulations made thereunder shall be construed accordingly.

Penalties under Part III.

39.—(1) Any person guilty of an offence under section 38 of this Act shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding two years or to both.

(2) Where a person is convicted of an offence under subsection

(6) of section 38 of this Act in respect of a contravention of a condition to which a permit under section 34 of this Act is subject, the court by which he is convicted may, if it thinks fit. make an order cancelling the permit.

(3) An order under subsection (2) of this section made by a court in England or Wales—

(a) shall not take effect until the end of the period within

which the person on whose conviction the order was made can appeal against the conviction or against the making of the order, and

(b) if he so appeals, shall not take effect until the appeal

has been determined or abandoned.

(4) The holder of a permit in respect of which an order under subsection (2) of this section is made by a court in Scotland may, without prejudice to any other form of appeal under any rule of law, appeal against the order in the same manner as against a conviction, and a permit shall not be cancelled under an order so made—

(a) until the end of the period of fourteen days commencing

with the date on which the order was made, nor

(b) if an appeal against the order or the conviction which

gave rise thereto is taken within the said period, until the date when that appeal is determined or abandoned or deemed to have been abandoned.

Gaming Act 1968

Ca.es

1599

Part IV

Miscellaneous and Supplementary Provisions

40. —(1) This section applies to gaming which— Special charges

(a) is earned on as one erf the activities of a members’

club or a miners* welfare institute, whether the club and institutes, or institute is registered under Part II or Part III of this Act or not, and

(b) is gaming in respect of which none of the conditions

specified in section 2(1) of this Act is fulfilled.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, nothing in section 3 or section 14 of this Act shall have effect so as to prevent a charge from being made in respect of any person for the right to take part in gaming to which this section applies, if the charge made in respect of that person for the right to take part in such gaming on any one day does not exceed sixpence or such other sum as may be specified in an order made by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this subsection.

(3) Any such charge as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section may be made in addition to—

(a) any stakes hazarded in the gaming, and

(b) in the case of a club or institute registered under Part

II of this Act, any charge authorised by regulations under section 14(2)(b) of this Act

(4) The preceding provisions of this section shall not have effect in relation to a members* club unless it is shown—

(a) that it is constituted and conducted in good faith as

a members’ club;

(b) that it has not less than twenty-five members; and

(c) that it is so constituted and conducted, in respect of

membership and otherwise, as not to be of a temporary character.

41. —(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect in Gaming at

relation to gaming which— entertain-

(a) consists of games played at an entertainment promoted held for

otherwise than for purposes of private gain, and private gain.

(b) is not gaming to which Part II of this Act applies or

gaming by means of a machine to which Part III of this Act applies, and

(c) does not constitute the provision of amusements with

prizes in the circumstances specified in section 48(1) or section 49(1) of the Act of 1963;

1600

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Part IV and any reference in this Act to gaming to which this section applies is a reference to gaming in respect of which the conditions specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of this subsection are fulfilled.

(2) Section 2 of this Act shall have effect in relation to gaming to which this section applies as it has effect in relation to gaming to which Part I of this Act applies.

(3) In respect of all games played at the entertainment which constitute gaming to which this section applies, not more than one payment (whether by way of entrance fee or stake or otherwise) shall be made by each player, and no such payment shall exceed ten shillings.

(4) Subject to subsections (7) and (8) of this section, the total value of all prizes and awards distributed in respect of those games shall not exceed fifty pounds.

(5) The whole of the proceeds of such payments as are mentioned in subsection (3) of this section, after deducting sums lawfully appropriated on account of expenses or for the provision of prizes or awards in respect of the games, shall be applied for purposes other than private gain.

(6) The sum appropriated out of those proceeds in respect of expenses shall not exceed the reasonable cost of the facilities provided for the purposes of the games.

(7) Where two or more entertainments are promoted on the same premises by the same persons on the same day, subsections (3) to (6) of this section shall have effect in relation to those entertainments collectively as if they were a single entertainment.

(8) Where a series of entertainments is held otherwise than as mentioned in subsection (7) of this section—

(<a) subsections (3) to (6) of this section shall have effect separately in relation to each entertainment in the series, whether some or all of the persons taking part in any one of those entertainments are thereby qualified to take part in any other of them or not, and (b) if each of the persons taking part in the games played at the final entertainment of the series is qualified to do so by reason of having taken part in the games played at another entertainment of the series held on a previous day, subsection (4) of this section shall have effect in relation to that final entertainment as if for the words " fifty pounds " there were substituted the words " one hundred pounds

(9) The Secretary of State may by order provide that, in relation to entertainments held on or after the date on which

Gaming Act 1968 Ch. 65

the order comes into operation, this section shall have effect as if, for such one or more of the following sums as may be specified in the order, that is to say—

(a) the sum of ten shillings specified in subsection (3) of this section;

(b) the sum of fifty pounds specified in subsections (4) and (8 )(b) of this section; and

(c) the sum of one hundred pounds specified in subsection (8 )(b) of this section,

there were substituted such larger sum as is specified in the order.

(10) Subsections (1) to (4) of section 8 of this Act shall have effect as if in those subsections any reference to sections 2 to 4 or to Part I of this Act included a reference to this section.

(11) Subsections (1) and (3) of section 54 of the Act of 1963 (construction of certain references to private gain) shall have effect for the purposes of this section.

42.—(1) Except as provided by this section, no person shall Restrictions on issue, or cause to be issued, any advertisement— advertisements

(a) informing the public that any premises in Great Britain to

are premises on which gaming takes place or is to take place, or

(b) inviting the public to take part as players in any gaming

which takes place, or is to take place, on any such premises, or to apply for information about facilities for taking part as players in any gaming which takes place, or is to take place, in Great Britain, or

(c) inviting the public to subscribe any money or money’s

worth to be used in gaming whether in Great Britain or elsewhere, or to apply for information about facilities for subscribing any money or money’s worth to be so used.

(2) The preceding subsection does not apply to any advertisement in so far as it relates to gaming which is, or is to be,—

(a) gaming as an incident of an entertainment to which

section 33 of this Act applies, or

(b) gaming to which section 41 of this Act applies, or

(c) gaming on any premises to which paragraph 4 of

Schedule 9 to this Act applies and in respect of which a permit under section 34 of this Act is for the time being in force, or (i d)gaming on any premises to which paragraph 4 of Schedule 6 to the Act of 1963 applies and in respect of which a permit under section 49 of that Act is for the time being in force, or

(e) gaming at any travelling showmen’s pleasure fair.

1601 Part IV

1602

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Part IV

(3) Subsection (1) of this section does not apply to—

(a) the display, on any premises in respect of which a

licence under this Act is for the time being in force, of a sign or notice indicating that gaming takes place, or is to take place, on those premises, whether the sign or notice is displayed inside or outside the premises, or

(b) the publication or display of a notice, where the notice is required to be published or displayed by any provision of Schedules 2 to 4 to this Act and the publication or display is so made as to comply with the requirements of that provision, or

(c) the publication in any newspaper of a notice stating

that a licence under this Act has been granted, if the notice is published not later than fourteen days from the date on which the licence was granted or from such later date as may be appointed by the licensing authority by whom the licence was granted, and the notice is in a form approved by the licensing authority;

and, in the case of any premises in respect of which a club is for the time being registered under Part II or Part III of this Act, subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to any advertisement by reason only that it contains the name of the club.

(4) Subsection (1) of this section does not apply to the publication of an advertisement in a newspaper which circulates wholly or mainly outside Great Britain.

(5) Where a person is charged with an offence under this section, it shall be a defence to prove that he is a person whose business it is to publish or arrange for the publication of advertisements and that he received the advertisement in question for publication in the ordinary course of business and did not know and had no reason to suspect that its publication would amount to an offence under this section.

(6) For the purposes of this section an advertisement issued by displaying or exhibiting it shall be treated as issued on every day on which it is displayed or exhibited.

(7) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, any person who contravenes subsection (1) of this section shall be guilty of an offence and liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding two years or to both.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1603

(8) In this section "advertisement" includes every form of advertising, whether in a publication or by the display of notices or by means of circulars or other documents or by an exhibition of photographs or a cinematograph film, or by way of sound broadcasting or television, and references to the issue of an advertisement shall be construed accordingly; and " the public " means the public in Great Britain, and includes any section of the public in Great Britain, however selected.

43.—(1) The Board may appoint such number of persons as the Secretary of State may with the consent of the Treasury determine to be inspectors for the purposes of this Act; and in this Act " inspector " means any person so appointed.

(2) Any inspector or constable may at any reasonable time enter any premises in respect of which a licence under this Act is for the time being in force, and, while on any such premises, may inspect the premises and any machine or other equipment on the premises and any book or document on those premises which the inspector or constable reasonably requires to inspect for the purpose of ascertaining whether a contravention of this Act or of any regulations made under it is being or has been committed.

(3) If any person, being the holder of a licence under this Act in respect of any premises or a person acting on behalf of the holder of such a licence,—

(a) fails without reasonable excuse to admit an inspector

or constable who demands admission to the premises in pursuance of subsection (2) of this section, or

(b) on being required by an inspector or constable to do

so, fails without reasonable excuse to permit the inspector or constable to inspect the premises or any machine or other equipment on the premises, or

(c) on being required by an inspector or constable to pro-

duce any book or document in his possession or under his control which relates to those premises and which the inspector or constable reasonably requires to inspect for the purpose specified in subsection (2) of this section, fails without reasonable excuse to produce it to the inspector or constable and to permit the inspector or constable (if he so desires) to take copies of it or of any entry in it, or

(d) on being required by an inspector to furnish any informa-

tion relating to the premises which is reasonably required by the Board for the purposes of the performance of their functions, fails without reasonable excuse to furnish that information to the inspector.

the holder of the licence shall be guilty of an offence.

Part IV

Provision for inspectors and rights of entry and related rights.

1604

Ch. 65

Gaming Act

Part IV

(4) If, on information on oath with respect to any premises,—

(a) a justice of the peace, if the premises are in England

or Wales, or

(b) the sheriff or a magistrate or justice of the peace having jurisdiction in the place where the premises are situated, if they are situated in Scotland,

is satisfied that there are reasonable grounds for suspecting that an offence under this Act is being, has been or is about to be committed on those premises, he may issue a warrant in writing authorising any constable, with or without one or more inspectors, to enter the premises, if necessary by force, at any time within fourteen days from the time of the issue of the warrant and to search the premises.

(5) Any constable who enters any premises under the authority of a warrant issued under subsection (4) of this section may—

(a) seize and remove any document, money or valuable

thing, instrument or other thing whatsoever found on the premises which he has reasonable cause to believe may be required as evidence for the purposes of proceedings in respect of an offence under this Act, and

(b) arrest and search any person found on the premises

whom he has reasonable cause to believe to be committing or to have committed any such offence.

(6) Without prejudice to any power exercisable by virtue of the preceding provisions of this section, in the case of any premises in respect of which a licence under this Act is for the time being in force or a club or a miners’ welfare institute is for the time being registered under Part II or Part III of this Act the Board may at any time serve on the holder of the licence or the chairman or secretary of the club or institute, as the case may be, a notice requiring him, in such manner and within such reasonable time as may be specified in the notice—

(a) to produce for inspection by or on behalf of the Board

books or documents relating to those premises of any description specified in the notice which the Board reasonably require to inspect for the purpose specified in subsection (2) of this section, and

(b) to furnish to the Board information relating to those

premises of any description specified in the notice which the Board reasonably require for that purpose.

(7) Any power exercisable by the Board by virtue of subsection (6) of this section in respect of any premises shall also be exercisable by the chief officer of police (or, in Scotland, the chief constable) for the police area in which the premises are situated, as if in that subsection any reference to the Board included a reference to that chief officer or chief constable.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1605

(8) If without reasonable excuse any requirement imposed in Part IV relation to any premises by a notice served by virtue of subsection (6) or subsection (7) of this section is not complied with,—

(a) the holder of the licence, if they are premises in respect

of which a licence under this Act is for the time being in force, or

(b) every officer of the club or institute, if they are premises

in respect of which a club or a miners' welfare institute is for the time being registered under Part II or Part III of this Act,

shall be guilty of an offence.

(9) In the case of any premises in respect of which a licence under this Act is for the time being in force, any person duly authorised in writing by the fire authority (within die meaning

of the Fire Services Act 1947) in whose area the premises are 1947 c. 41. situated may at any reasonable time enter the premises for the purpose of ascertaining whether appropriate precautions against the danger of fire are being sufficiently observed; and, in relation to a person so authorised subsection (3) of this section (with the omission of paragraphs (c) and (d)) shall have effect as if in that subsection—

(a) any reference to an inspector or constable were a refer-

ence to a person so authorised, and

(b) the reference in paragraph (a) to subsection (2) of this

section were a reference to the preceding provisions of this subsection.

(10) Any person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200.

44.—(1) No local authority shall maintain, or contribute Local

towards die maintenance of, any premises in respect of which authority not

a licence under this Act is for the time being in force. to or

° contribute to

(2) Section 39 of the Act of 1963 (local authorities not to Pre™jfJJs

subsidise premises for gaming) shall cease to have effect Paitn UDdCr

(3) In this section " local authority ", in relation to England and Wales, means the council of a county, county borough, London borough or county district, the Greater London Council and the Common Council of the City of London, and, in relation to Scotland, means a county council, town council or district council.

45.—(1) Where an offence under this Act committed by a Offences body corporate is proved to have been committed with the con- by bodies sent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on corporate, the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar

1606

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Part IV

Forfeiture.

Service of documents.

Financial

provisions.

officer of the body corporate or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

(2) In this section * director ", in relation to a body corporate established by or under any enactment for the purpose of carrying on under national ownership any industry or part of an industry or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed by its members, means a member of that body corporate.

46. —(1) Subject to the next following subsection, the court by or before which a person is convicted of an offence under this Act may order anything produced to the court, and shown to the satisfaction of the court to relate to the offence, to be forfeited and either destroyed or dealt with in such other manner as the court may order.

(2) The court shall not order anything to be forfeited under this section, where a person claiming to be the owner of or otherwise interested in it applies to be heard by the court, unless an opportunity has been given to him to show cause why the order should not be made.

47. Any notice or other document required or authorised by any provision of this Act to be served on any person, or to be given or sent to any person, except a notice under section 12(3)(W of this Act, may be served, given or sent—

(a) by delivering it to him; or

(b) by sending it by post to him at his usual or last-known residence or place of business in the United Kingdom; or

(c) in the case of a body corporate, by delivering it to the

secretary or clerk of the body corporate at its registered or principal office or sending it by post to the secretary or clerk of that body corporate at that office.

48. —(1) All expenses incurred by the Secretary of State under this Act, together with—

(a) any expenses incurred by the Board under paragraph 6

of Schedule 1 to this Act, and

(b) to such amount as the Secretary of State with the consent of the Treasury may approve, any other expenses incurred by the Board,

shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament

(2) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable out of moneys so provided under any other enactment

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1607

(3) Except as provided by subsection (4) of this section the following fees shall be charged under this Act, that is to say—

(a) in respect of the grant of a licence under this Act, a

fee of £1,000;

(b) in respect of the renewal of such a licence, a fee of £200;

(c) in respect of the transfer of such a licence, a fee of

£150;

(d) in respect of the registration of a club or a miners' welfare institute under Part II of this Act, a fee of £20, and, in respect of the renewal of any such registration, a fee of £10;

(e) in respect of the registration of a club or a miners’ welfare institute under Part III of this Act, a fee of £10, and, in respect of the renewal of any such registration, a fee of £5;

(/) in respect of the issue of a certificate of approval under Part I of Schedule 5 to this Act, a fee of £5;

(g) in respect of the issue of a certificate under section 27 of

this Act, a fee of £250, and, in respect of the renewal of any such certificate, a fee of £100;

(h) in respect of the grant or renewal of a permit under section 34 of this Act, a fee of twenty-five shillings.

(4) Where on the grant or renewal of a licence under this Act in respect of any premises the licensing authority impose any restrictions under paragraph 25 of Schedule 2 to this Act limiting gaining to which Part II of this Act applies to the playing of bingo, the fee to be charged—

(a) under paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of this section,

shall be £250 instead of £1,000, and

(b) under paragraph (b) of that subsection, shall be £100 instead of £200;

and, if the licence is transferred while those restrictions continue to be in force, the fee to be charged under paragraph (c) of that subsection shall be £50 instead of £150.

(5) The Secretary of State may by order direct that any provision of subsection (3) or subsection (4) of this section which is specified in the order shall have effect as if, for any reference in that provision to a sum so specified, there were substituted a reference to such other sum as may be so specified.

(6) All fees charged in accordance with paragraph if) or paragraph (g) of subsection <3) of this section, and all fees charged in Scotland in accordance with paragraph (d) or paragraph (e) of that subsection, shall be paid into the Exchequer.

Part IV

﻿1608 Ch. 65 Gaming Act 1968

Part IV

Provision of information by licensing authorities and sheriff clerks.

Annual report of Board.

Regulations and orders.

Interpretation.

1963 c. 2.

49. Schedule 10 to this Act shall have effect with respect to—

(a) the performance by or on behalf of licensing authorities

of certain functions in connection with licences under this Act and in connection with registration in England and Wales under Part II or Part III of this Act, and

(b) the performance by sheriff clerks of certain functions

in connection with registration in Scotland under Part II or Part III of this Act

59. The Board shall, at such time in each year as the Secretary of State may direct, send to the Secretary of State a report with respect to the performance of their functions; and the Secretary of State shall lay before Parliament a copy of every such report.

51. —(1) Subject to the next following subsection, the Secretary of State may make regulations for any purpose for which regulations are authorised or required to be made under this Act.

(2) The Secretary of State shall not make any regulations under this Act except after consultation with the Board.

(3) Any power to make regulations under this Act may be exercised so as to make different provision for different areas or in relation to different cases or different circumstances to which the power is applicable.

(4) Any power conferred by this Act to make an order shall include power to vary or revoke the order by a subsequent order.

(5) Any power to make regulations or orders under this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and any statutory instrument containing any such regulations or order (except any order under section 54 of this Act) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

52. —(1) In this Act, except in so far as the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say: —

" the Act of 1963 " means the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963;

" the Board " means the Gaming Board for Great Britain established under this Act;

" game of chance " does not include any athletic game or sport, but, with that exception, and subject to subsection (6) of this section, includes a game of chance and skill combined and a pretended game of chance or of chance and skill combined;

Gaming Act 1968 Ch. 65 1609

"gaming" (subject to subsections (3) to (5) of this sec- Partry tion) means the playing of a game of chance for winnings in money or money’s worth, whether any person playing the game is at risk of losing any money or money’s worth or not;

"inspector" has the meaning assigned to it by section 43 of this Act;

" licensing authority " has the meaning assigned to it by paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to this Act;

" machine " includes any apparatus;

" premises " includes any place;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made under

this Act;

" travelling showmen’s pleasure fair " means a pleasure fair consisting wholly or mainly of amusements provided by travelling showmen which is held on any day of a year on premises not previously used in that year on more than twenty-seven days for the holding of such a pleasure fair;

"vehicle" includes a railway carriage and also includes an aircraft while it is on the ground and a hover vehicle (that is to say, a vehicle designed to be supported on a cushion of air) whether it is on the ground or not;

" vessel " includes any ship, boat, raft or other apparatus constructed or adapted for floating on water;

"winnings" includes any prize or other winnings of any kind and any reference to the amount or to the payment of winnings shall be construed accordingly.

(2) In this Act " miners* welfare institute " means an association organised for the social well-being and recreation of persons employed in or about coal mines (or of such persons in particular) where either—

(a) the institute is managed by a committee or board of which not less than two-thirds consists partly of persons appointed by or on the nomination of, or appointed or elected from among persons nominated by, the National Coal Board and partly of persons appointed by or on the nomination of, or appointed or elected from among persons nominated by, an organisation or organisations representing persons so employed, or

(b) the premises of the institute, if they are in England or

Wales, are held on trusts to which section 2 of the Recreational Charities Act 1958 applies, or, if they are 1958 c. 17, in Scotland, are held on trust for charitable purposes (" charitable " being construed in the same way as if it were contained in the Income Tax Acts).

1610

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Part IV (3) Where apart from this subsection the playing of a game of chance would constitute gaming and also constitutes a lottery, then if—

(a) in so far as it is a lottery, it is a lottery promoted as

mentioned in section 43(1) of the Act of 1963 (exemption of small lotteries incidental to certain entertainments) or is a private lottery as defined by section 44(1) of that Act or is a lottery promoted as mentioned in section 45(1) of that Act (exemption of certain small lotteries conducted for charitable, sporting or other purposes), and

(b) each winner of a prize is ascertained by reference to not

more than three determining factors, each of those factors being either the result of a draw or other determination or the outcome of an event,

the playing of the game shall not constitute gaming for the purposes of this Act.

(4) In this Act " gaming " does not include the making of bets by way of pool betting.

(5) For the purposes of this Act a machine shall be taken not to be used for gaming if it is used in such a way that no game played by means of the machine can result in a player, or a person claiming under a player, receiving or being entitled to receive any article, benefit or advantage other than one (but not both) of the following, that is to say—

(a) an opportunity afforded by the automatic action of the

machine to play one or more further games without the insertion of any cash or token;

(b) the delivery by means of the machine of one or more coins or tokens as a prize in respect of a game where one or more coins or tokens of an equal or greater value or aggregate value were inserted into the machine by or on behalf of the player in order to play that game.

(6) In determining for the purposes of this Act whether a game, which is played otherwise than against one or more other players, is a game of chance and skill combined, the possibility of superlative skill eliminating the element of chance shall be disregarded.

(7) For the purposes of any provision of this Act which relates to making a charge, or charging a levy, it is immaterial whether a charge or levy is compulsory, customary or voluntary, and any reference to making a charge or charging a levy shall be construed accordingly.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1611

(8) Subject to subsections (1) to (7) of this section, expres- Part IV sions used in this Act to which a meaning is assigned by section

55(1) of the Act of 1963 have the same meanings in this Act as in that Act

(9) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to an enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended or extended by or under any other enactment including this Act

53. —(1) Subject to the provisions of any order made under Minor and

the following section— consequential

(a) the Act of 1963 shall have effect subject to the amend-ISdrepeS?*

ments specified in Part I of Schedule 11 to this Act and the Schedule set out in Part II of Schedule 11 to this Act shall be substituted for, and shall constitute.

Schedule 6 to that Act;

(b) the enactments specified in Part III of Schedule 11 to

this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in that Part of that Schedule; and

(c) the enactments specified in Schedule 12 to this Act are

hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) The rules of law relating to common gaming houses are hereby abolished.

54. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Gaming Act 1968. Short title,

extent and

(2) This Act (except section 10(4)) shall not extend to Northern commence-

Ireland. ment.

(3) Sections 10, 43(1), 48, 51 and 52 of this Act and this section and Schedule 1 to this Act shall come into operation on the passing of this Act.

(4) Subject to the last preceding subsection, the provisions of this Act shall come into operation on such day as the Secretary of State may by order appoint, and different days may be so appointed for different provisions of this Act or for different purposes (including, in the case of any provision of section 53 of this Act, the amendment or repeal of different enactments to which that provision is applicable).

(5) Any order made under this section may make such transitional provision as appears to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient in connection with the provisions of this Act which are thereby brought (wholly or in part) into force, including such adaptations of those provisions or any provision of this Act then in force as appear to him to be necessary or expedient in consequence of me partial operation of this Act (whether before, on or after the day appointed by the order).

1612

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Section 10.

1965 c. 74.

Section 11(1).

1959 c. 51.

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

Provisions as to Gaming Board for Great Britain

1. The Gaining Board for Great Britain shall by that name be a body corporate with perpetual succession and a common seal.

2. The chairman and other members of the Board shall hold and vacate office as such in accordance with the terms of their appointments.

3. A person who ceases to hold office as a member of the Board, or ceases to hold office as chairman, shall be eligible for reappointment

4. In addition to the inspectors appointed under section 43 of this Act the Board may appoint such officers and servants as, after consultation with the Secretary of State and with the consent of the Treasury, the Board may determine; and the Board shall be included among the bodies specified in Schedule 8 to the Superannuation Act 1965.

5. The Secretary of State shall pay to the members of the Board such remuneration and allowances as, with the consent of the Treasury, he may determine.

6. The Board shall pay to their officers and servants (including the inspectors appointed under section 43 of this Act) such remuneration and allowances as, after consultation with the Secretary of State and with the consent of the Treasury, the Board may determine.

7. The Board shall have power to regulate their own procedure.

8. The validity of any proceedings of the Board shall not be affected by any vacancy among the members of the Board or by any defect in the appointment of any such member.

SCHEDULE 2

Grant, Renewal, Cancellation and Transfer of Licences

Introductory

1. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Schedule with respect to certificates of consent, the authority responsible for the grant, renewal, cancellation and transfer of licences under this Act—

(a) in any petty sessions area in England or Wales, or (b) in any licensing area (within the meaning of the Licensing (Scotland) Act 1959) in Scotland, shall be the authority which under Schedule 1 to the Act of 1963 is responsible for the grant or renewal of bookmaker’s permits, betting agency permits and betting office licences in that area.

(2) Any such authority is in this Act referred to as a " licensing authority ".

2. —(1) In this Schedule " the licensing authority ", in relation to a licence under this Act or to an application relating to such a licence.

Gaming Act 1968 Ch. 65 1613

means the licensing authority for the petty sessions area in England Sch. 2 or Wales, or the licensing area in Scotland, in which the relevant premises are or are to be situated

1968

(2) In this Schedule—

"the appropriate collector of duty" means the Collector of Customs and Excise for the area in which the relevant premises are or are to be situated;

" the appropriate fire authority " means the fire authority (within

the meaning of the Fire Services Act 1947) in whose area 1947 c. 41. the relevant premises are or are to be situated;

" the appropriate local authority "—

(a) in England and Wales, means the local authority (being the council of a county borough, London borough or county district or the Common Council of the City of London) in whose area the relevant premises are or are to be situated, and

(b) in Scotland, where the relevant premises are or are to be situated in a burgh, means the council of that burgh, and in any other case means the council of the county, and the council of the district, in which the relevant premises are or are to be situated;

"the appropriate officer of police" means the chief officer of police, or in Scotland, the chief constable, for the police area in which the relevant premises are or are to be situated;

" bingo club licence " means a licence under this Act granted in respect of any premises subject to restrictions under paragraph 25 of this Schedule whereby gaming to which Part II of this Act applies on those premises is limited to the playing of bingo;

" the clerk to the licensing authority ", where that authority is a committee of the justices acting for a petty sessions area, means the clerks to those justices, or, if there are two or more clerks to those justices, means—

(a) such one of those clerks as the magistrates’ courts committee (or, in the case of the inner London area, the committee of magistrates) having power over the appointment of clerks to justices for that area may direct, or

(b) in default of any such direction, any of those clerks; and

" the relevant premises ", in relation to a licence under this Act or to an application relating to such a licence, means the premises in respect of which the licence is for the time being in force or the premises to which the application relates, as the case may be.

Certificate of consent for purposes of application for licence

3.—(1) An application for the grant of a licence under this Act in respect of any premises shall be of no effect unless—

(a) the Board have issued to the applicant a certificate consenting to his applying for such a licence in respect of those

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

premises, and that certificate is for the time being in force and the application is made within the period specified in the certificate, and

(b) where the certificate is limited to a bingo club licence, the application is for the grant of a bingo club licence in respect of those premises.

(2) In the following provisions of this Schedule any reference to an application for the grant of a licence under this Act shall be construed as not including any application which by virtue of the preceding sub-paragraph is of no effect

4.—(1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect with respect to any application for a certificate of consent (in this paragraph referred to as a " consent application ") for the purposes of an application for the grant of a licence under this Act (in this paragraph referred to, in relation to a consent application, as "the relevant licence application ").

(2) Any consent application shall be made to the Board by the person proposing to make the relevant licence application, and shall—

(a) specify the premises in respect of which the relevant licence

application is proposed to be made, and

(b) state whether the relevant licence application will be for the grant of a bingo club licence or for a licence under this Act other than a bingo club licence.

(3) The Board shall not (unless in any particular case they think fit to do so) be required to entertain a consent application unless it is made —

(a) before the end of the period of three months beginning

with the date appointed under section 54(4) of this Act for the purposes of this paragraph, or

(b) after the end of the period of fifteen months beginning with that date and before the end of the month of October in the year immediately preceding the year in which the relevant licence application is proposed to be made.

(4) The Board shall not issue a certificate on a consent application if it appears to the Board that the applicant—

(a) not being a body corporate, is under twenty-one years of age, or

C b) not being a body corporate, is not resident in Great Britain or was not so resident throughout the period of six months immediately preceding the date on which the application was made, or

(c) being a body corporate, is not incorporated in Great Britain.

(5) Subject to sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph, in determining whether to issue to an applicant a certificate consenting to his applying for the grant of a licence under this Act in respect of any

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1615

premises, the Board shall have regard only to the question whether, Sch. 2 in their opinion, the applicant is likely to be capable of, and diligent in, securing that the provisions of this Act and of any regulations made under it will be complied with, that gaming on those premises will be fairly and properly conducted, and that the premises will be conducted without disorder or disturbance.

(6) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (5) of this paragraph the Board shall in particular take into consideration the character, reputation and financial standing—

(a) of the applicant, and

(b) of any person (other than the applicant) by whom, if a licence were granted on the relevant licence application, the club to which the consent application relates would be managed, or for whose benefit, if a licence were so granted, that club would be carried on,

but may also take into consideration any other circumstances appearing to them to be relevant in determining whether the applicant is likely to be capable of, and diligent in, securing the matters mentioned in that sub-paragraph.

(7) If on a consent application made to the Board in respect of any premises the Board issue to the applicant a certificate consenting to his applying for the grant of a licence under this Act in respect of those premises, the certificate shall—

(a) specify the applicant and those premises;

(b) specify a period within which the relevant licence application can be made; and

(c) state whether the consent is or is not limited to a bingo club

licence.

Application for grant of licence ( provisions)

5.—(1) Except as provided by paragraph 8 of this Schedule, no application for a licence under this Act shall be made except in the month of January or February.

(2) Any such application shall be made to the clerk to the licensing authority in such form and manner as may be prescribed, and shall specify by name and description a club which either—

(a) is a club for whose purposes the relevant premises are used

at the time when the application is made, or are intended, if the licence is granted, to be used, or

(b) is intended, if the licence is granted, to be formed as a club for whose purposes the relevant premises will be used,

and shall contain such other particulars as may be prescribed and shall be accompanied by a copy of the certificate of consent issued by the Board for the purposes of that application.

(3) Not later than seven days after the date on which the application is made, the applicant shall send a copy of the application—

(a) to the Board;

(b) to the appropriate officer of police;

3 F

1616

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sch. 2 (c) to the appropriate local authority;

(d) to the appropriate fire authority, if that authority la not the same body as the appropriate local authority; and

(e) to the appropriate collector of duty.

6. —(1) At any time in March in the year in which such an application is made, the applicant shall cause notice of the making of the application to be published by means of an advertisement in a newspaper circulating in the licensing authority's area.

(2) A notice published in pursuance of this paragraph shall specify the name of the applicant, the name of the club and the location of the relevant premises, shall indicate whether the application is for a bingo club licence or for a licence under this Act other than a bingo club licence, and shall state that any person who desires to object to the grant of the licence should send to the clerk to the licensing authority, before 15th April, two copies of a brief statement in writing of the grounds of his objection.

(3) The applicant shall cause a like notice to be displayed outside the entrance to the relevant premises on or before 1st April; and the applicant shall take such steps as he reasonably can to keep that notice so displayed during the period beginning with 1st April and ending with 14th April.

(4) A notice published or displayed under this paragraph shall not include any matter which is not required by the preceding provisions of this paragraph to be included in it

7. —(1) Not later than seven days after the publication of the newspaper containing the advertisement required by the last preceding paragraph, the applicant shall send a copy of that newspaper to the clerk to the licensing authority; and the licensing authority shall not consider the application before the beginning of May.

(2) On or after 15th April, but not less than seven days before the date fixed by the licensing authority for the consideration of the application, the clerk to the licensing authority shall send notice in writing of the date, time and place of the meeting of the authority at which the application will be considered—

(a) to the applicant;

(b) to all the persons and bodies specified in paragraph 5(3) of this Schedule; and

(c) if the clerk has received from any other person an objection

in writing which has not been withdrawn and the address of that person is known to the clerk, to that person.

(3) The clerk to the licensing authority shall also cause notice of that meeting to be displayed at the place where the meeting is to be held in a position where the notice may conveniently be read by members of the public.

(4) With the notice sent to the applicant in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph there shall be enclosed a copy of any objection to the grant of the licence which has been received by the clerk to the licensing authority and which has not been withdrawn.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1617

Application for grant of licence ( period)

8. Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 5 of this Schedule, an application for a licence under this Act may be made at any time during the period of six months beginning with the date appointed under section 54(4) of this Act for the purposes of this paragraph (in this Schedule referred to as " the initial period "); and the provisions of sub-paragraphs (2) and (3) of that paragraph shall have effect with respect to any such application, as they have effect with respect to an application made in accordance with sub-paragraph

(1) of that paragraph.

9. The provisions of paragraphs 10 and 11 of this Schedule shall have effect with respect to any application made during the initial period in substitution for the provisions of paragraphs 6 and 7 of this Schedule.

10. —(1) Not later than fourteen days after the malting of any such application to the licensing authority, the applicant shall cause notice of the making of the application to be published by means of an advertisement in a newspaper circulating in the authority*s area.

(2) A notice published in pursuance of this paragraph shall specify the name of the applicant, the name of the club and the location of the relevant premises, shall indicate whether the application is for a bingo club licence or for a licence under this Act other than a bingo club licence, and shall state that any person who desires to object to the grant of the licence should send to the clerk to the licensing authority, before such date (not being earlier than fourteen days after the publication of the advertisement) as may be specified in the notice, two copies of a brief statement in writing of the grounds of his objection.

(3) Not later than fourteen days before the date specified in the notice in accordance with the last preceding sub-paragraph, the applicant shall cause a like notice to be displayed outside the entrance to the relevant premises; and the applicant shall take such steps as he reasonably can to keep that notice so displayed until that date.

(4) A notice published or displayed under this paragraph shall not include any matter which is not required by the preceding provisions of this paragraph to be included in it.

11. —(1) Not later than seven days after the publication of the newspaper containing the advertisement required by the last preceding paragraph, the applicant shall send a copy of that newspaper to the clerk to the licensing authority; and the licensing authority shall not consider the application earlier than fourteen days after the date specified in the advertisement

(2) On or after the date so specified, but not less than seven days before the date appointed for the consideration of the application, the clerk to the licensing authority shall send notice in writing of the date, time and place of the meeting of the authority at which the application will be considered—

(a) to the applicant;

3 F 2

Sch. 2

1618

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sch. 2 (6) to all the persons and bodies specified in paragraph 5(3) of

this Schedule; and

(c) if the clerk has received from any other person an objection in writing which has not been withdrawn and the address of that person is known to the clerk, to that person.

(3) The clerk to the licensing authority shall also cause notice of that meeting to be displayed at the place where the meeting is to be held in a position where the notice may conveniently be read by members of the public.

(4) With the notice sent to the applicant in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph there shall be enclosed a copy of any objection to the grant of the licence which has been received by the clerk to the licensing authority and which has not been withdrawn.

Application for renewal of licence

12. —(1) Any application for the renewal of a licence under this Act shall (subject to sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph) be made in January or February in the year in which the licence is due to expire, and shall be made to the clerk to the licensing authority in such form and manner, and shall contain such particulars, as may be prescribed.

(2) The licensing authority may in any particular case entertain an application for the renewal of a licence under this Act which is made after the end of February if—

(a) they are satisfied that the failure to make the application before the end of that month was due to inadvertence, and

(b) the application is made before the end of such extended pericd as the licensing authority may in that case allow.

13. —(1) At any time in March in each year, every licensing authority shall cause notice of the date, time and place appointed by the authority for the purpose of considering any applications for the renewal of licences under this Act to be published by means of an advertisement in a newspaper circulating in the authority’s area.

(2) A notice published in pursuance of the preceding sub-paragraph shall state that any person who desires to object to the renewal by the licensing authority of any particular licence under this Act should send to the clerk to the licensing authority, before 15th April, two copies of a brief statement in writing of the grounds of his objection.

(3) On or after 15th April, but not less than seven days before the date fixed by the licensing authority for the consideration of applications for the renewal of licences under this Act, the clerk to the licensing authority—

(a) if he has received from any person an objection in writing to

the renewal of a particular licence, and that objection has not been withdrawn, and the address of that person is known to the clerk, shall send to that person a notice stating whether an application for the renewal of that licence has been made or not, and

(b) shall send to the person by whom any application for the renewal of a licence under this Act has been duly made to

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1619

the licensing authority a copy of any objection to the renewal which the clerk has received and which has not been withdrawn.

Proceedings on application for grant or renewal

14. —(1) On any application for the grant or renewal of a licence under this Act, the licensing authority may grant or renew the licence without hearing the applicant if no objection to the grant or renewal has been made by any person or if every such objection has been withdrawn before the beginning of the meeting of the authority at which the authority considers the application.

(2) Except as provided by the preceding sub-paragraph, on any such application any of the following persons, that is to 6ay—

(a) the applicant;

(b) any person from whom an objection in writing which has

not been withdrawn was received by the clerk to (he licensing authority before the date on which he sent to the applicant the notice required by paragraph 7(2) or paragraph 11(2), or (as the case may be) the copy of that objection required to be sent tq him by paragraph 13(3X6)* of this Schedule; and

(c) the person making any other objection which the authority

have decided under paragraph 15 of this Schedule that they will hear,

shall be entitled to be heard either in person or by counsel or a solicitor; and the authority shall also hear any representations made by or on behalf of the Board, the appropriate officer of police, the appropriate local authority, the Commissioners of Customs and Excise or the appropriate fire authority.

15. Where, in the case of an application for the grant or renewal of a licence under this Act, an objection to the grant or renewal is received by the clerk to the licensing authority on or after the date referred to in paragraph 14(2X6) of this Schedule, the authority—

(a) may refuse to entertain the objection, or

(b) may entertain it but, unless the applicant requests otherwise,

shall not hear it until the objector has given to the clerk and to the applicant, and the applicant has had time to consider, a brief statement in writing of the grounds of the objection.

16. A licensing authority may from time to time adjourn the consideration of any application for the grant or renewal of a licence under this Act, whether for the purposes of paragraph 15 of this Schedule or for any other purpose.

17. On the consideration of any application for the grant or renewal of a licence under this Act, a licensing authority may take evidence on oath and may make such order as they think fit for the payment of costs (or, in Scotland, expenses)—

(a) by the applicant to any person who made an objection to the grant or renewal which was not withdrawn before the date referred to in paragraph 14(2X6) of this Schedule, or

(b) by any such person to the applicant.

3 F 3

Sea. 2

1620

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sea. 2

Grounds for refusal to grant or renew licence

18. —(1) The licensing authority may refuse to grant a licence under this Act if it is not shown to their satisfaction that, in the area of the authority, a substantial demand already exists on the part of prospective players for gaming facilities of the kind proposed to be provided on the relevant premises.

(2) Where it is shown to the satisfaction of the licensing authority that such a demand already exists, the licensing authority may refuse to grant a licence if it is not shown to their satisfaction—

(a) that no gaming facilities of the kind in question are available

in that area or in any locality outside that area which is reasonably accessible to the prospective players in question, or

(b) where such facilities are available, that they are insufficient to meet the demand.

19. —(1) For the purposes of the last preceding paragraph, the Board may from time to time give advice to any licensing authority as to the extent of the demand on the part of prospective players for gaming facilities of any particular; kind, either generally in Great Britain or in any particular part of Great Britain, and as to the extent to which, and the places in which, gaming facilities of any particular kind are available.

(2) In determining whether, on an application for the grant of & licence under this Act, a licence should be refused on the grounds specified in the last preceding paragraph, the licensing authority shall take into account any advice given to them by the Board in pursuance of this paragraph, as well as any representations which, at the time when the application is being considered by the licensing authority, are made to the authority by or on behalf of the Board or any other person entitled to be heard on the consideration of the application.

20. —(1) Without prejudice to paragraph 18 of this Schedule, the licensing authority may refuse to grant or renew a licence under this Act on any one or more of the following grounds, that is to say—

(a) that the relevant premises are unsuitable by reason of their lay-out, character, condition or location;

(b) that the applicant is not a fit and proper person to be the holder of a licence under this Act;

(c) that, if the licence were granted or renewed, the club specified

in the application would be managed by, or carried on for the benefit of, a person (other than the applicant) who would himself be refused the grant or renewal of a licence under this Act on the grounds that he is not a fit and proper person to be the holder of such a licence;

(d) that the licensing authority, the Board, the appropriate officer of police, the appropriate local authority or the appropriate fire authority, or the authorised representatives of any of them, have been refused reasonable facilities to

inspect the premises;

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1621

(e) that any duty payable in respect of the premises under see- Sea. 2 tion 13 or section 14 of the Finance Act 1966 remains 1966 c. 18. unpaid.

(2) In determining for the purposes of this paragraph whether the relevant premises are unsuitable by reason of any matter mentioned in sub-paragraph (1X<0 of this paragraph, the licensing authority shall take into account any advice given to them by the Board with respect to that matter.

21.—(1) The licensing authority may refuse to renew a licence under this Act on any one or more of the following grounds, in addition to those specified in paragraph 20 of this Schedule, that is to say—

(a) that it is not shown to their satisfaction that, in the area of

the authority, a substantial demand exists on the part of players or prospective players for gaming facilities of the kind proposed to be provided on the relevant premises;

(b) that a person has been convicted of an offence under this Act in respect of a contravention, in connection with the relevant premises, of any of the provisions of this Act, or of any regulations made thereunder;

(c) that, while the licence has been in force, the relevant pre-

mises have not been so conducted as to prevent disturbance or disorder;

(d) that, while the licence has been in force, gaming on the relevant premises has been dishonestly conducted;

(e) that, while the licence has been in force, the relevant pre-

mises have been used for an unlawful purpose or as a resort of criminals or prostitutes;

(f) that, while the licence has been in force, appropriate pre-

cautions against the danger of fire have not been observed, or have been insufficiently observed, in the use of the relevant premises.

(2) The licensing authority may also refuse to renew a licence under this Act on the grounds that, within the period of twelve months ending with the date on which the licensing authority consider the application for renewal of the licence, a notice under paragraph 7 or Schedule to this Act has been served on a person stating that a relevant certificate issued in respect of him under section 19 of this Act is revoked as from the end of a period specified in that notice.

(3) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph a certificate issued in respect of a person under section 19 of this Act shall be taken to have been a relevant certificate if it was a certificate certifying that he had been approved by the Board under that section—

(a) in respect of the performance on the relevant premises of a

function which, at the time when the notice referred to in that sub-paragraph was served, he was authorised or required to perform on those premises in pursuance of a service agreement which was then in force, or

(b) in respect of his acting in relation to those premises in a capacity in which, at the time when that notice was served,

3F4

1622

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sch. 2

he was acting, or was authorised or required to act, in relation to those premises.

(4) Paragraph 19 of this Schedule shall have effect for the purposes of sub-paragraph (1X«) of this paragraph as it has effect for the purposes of paragraph 18 of this Schedule.

(5) In this paragraph " service agreement " has the same meaning as in section 19 of this Act.

22.—(1) The licensing authority shall refuse to grant or renew a licence under this Act if, by virtue of a disqualification order made under section 24 of this Act, such a licence is for the time being prohibited from being held in respect of the relevant premises.

(2) The licensing authority shall refuse to renew a licence under this Act if they are satisfied that, while the licence has been in force, the relevant premises have been habitually used for an unlawful purpose or as a resort of criminals or prostitutes.

23. Where for the purposes of paragraph 20(1 X^) of this Schedule it falls to be determined whether the relevant premises are unsuitable in respect of their location and those premises were used for the purpose of gaming during a period of not less than six months ending with 19th December 1967,—

(a) the licensing authority shall consider what (if any) evidence

there is that those premises appeared to be unsuitable for that purpose during that period, and

(b) if it appears to them that there is no evidence, or insufficient evidence, that they were unsuitable as mentioned in the preceding sub-paragraph, the licensing authority shall have regard in particular to that fact in determining that question.

Restrictions attached to licence

24. On granting or renewing a licence under this Act, the licensing authority may impose such restrictions (if any) on the hours during which gaming will be permitted to take place on the relevant premises as appear to the authority to be necessary for the purpose of preventing disturbance or annoyance to the occupiers of other premises in the vicinity.

25. —(1) Without prejudice to the last preceding paragraph, on granting or renewing a licence under this Act the licensing authority, may impose restrictions of either or both of the following descriptions, that is to say—

(a) restrictions limiting the gaming to a particular part or parts of the relevant premises, and

(b) restrictions limiting the gaming to a particular kind of game or particular kinds of games.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, on granting or renewing a licence under this Act the licensing authority (whether they impose any restrictions under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph or not) may impose restrictions limiting the purposes, other than gaming, for which, while the licence is in force, the

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1623

relevant premises may be used, either generally or at such times as may be specified in the restrictions or at times when such conditions as may be so specified are fulfilled.

(3) Where an application for a licence under this Act is made in pursuance of a certificate of consent which states that the consent is limited to a bingo club licence, then—

(a) on granting a licence in pursuance of that consent, and

(b) if a licence has been so granted, on any renewal of that licence,

the licensing authority shall impose restrictions under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph in respect of the relevant premises limiting gaming to which Part II of this Act applies to the playing of bingo.

(4) No restrictions shall be imposed under sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph where, whether in pursuance of sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph or otherwise, the licensing authority, on granting or renewing the licence, impose restrictions under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph in respect of the relevant premises limiting gaming to which Part II of this Act applies to the playing of bingo.

(5) Subject to sub-paragraphs (3) and (4) of this paragraph, in determining whether to impose any restrictions under this paragraph, the licensing authority shall take into account any advice given to them by the Board (whether given for the purposes of this paragraph or in pursuance of paragraph 19 of this Schedule), as well as any representations which, at the time when the application is being considered by the licensing authority, are made to the authority by or on behalf of the Board or any other person entitled to be heard on the consideration of the application.

26. Any restrictions imposed under paragraph 24 or paragraph 25 of this Schedule shall be imposed so as to have effect until the licence ceases to have effect or is next renewed (whichever first occurs), but without prejudice, where the licence is renewed, to any power or duty of the licensing authority under either of those paragraphs to impose the like or any other restrictions on renewing the licence.

Regulations under section 22(3)

27. Notwithstanding anything in paragraphs 18 to 26 of this Schedule, the licensing authority, in dealing with any application for the grant or renewal of a licence under this Act, shall comply with any regulations under section 22(3) of this Act which are for the time being in force.

Notification of advice given by Board

28. The clerk to the licensing authority shall, at the request of any applicant for the grant or renewal of a licence under this Act, furnish him with a statement setting out any advice given to the licensing authority by the Board which the licensing authority propose to take into account in determining the application.

3 F*

See. 2

1624

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sen. 2

Appeal in England or Wales by applicant

29. —(1) Where on an application under this Schedule to a licensing authority in England or Wales the authority refuse to grant or renew a licence, or impose restrictions under paragraph 24 or paragraph 25 of this Schedule, the clerk to the licensing authority shall forthwith give notice of the decision of the authority to the applicant; and, within fourteen days from the date of service of that notice, the applicant may, by notice to the clerk to the authority, appeal against the decision to a court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction in the authority’s area.

(2) As soon as practicable after receiving notice of appeal against a decision of the licensing authority, the clerk to the authority shall send the notice to the clerk of the peace together with a statement of the decision against which the appeal is brought and of the name and last-known residence or place of business of the appellant and of any person who opposed the application before the authority.

(3) On receipt of the notice of appeal, the clerk of the peace shall enter the appeal and give in writing to the appellant, to the Board, to the appropriate officer of police, to the appropriate collector of duty, to any person who opposed die application before the authority and to the licensing authority not less than fourteen days' notice of the date, time and place appointed for the hearing of the appeal.

(4) The court of quarter sessions may by its order allow or dismiss the appeal, or reverse or vary any part of the decision of the licensing authority, whether the appeal relates to that part of it or not, and may deal with the application as if it had been made to the court of quarter sessions in the first instance; and the judgment of the court of quarter sessions on the appeal shall be final

(5) A justice shall not act in the hearing or determination of an appeal under this paragraph from any decision in which he took part

30. —(1) On determining any appeal under paragraph 29 of this Schedule, or on being satisfied that the appellant, after giving notice of such an appeal, has failed to prosecute it, the court of quarter sessions may make such order as it thinks fit for the payment of costs by or to—

(a) the appellant;

(b) any person who opposed the application before the licensing authority; or

(c) the licensing authority.

(2) Where the court of quarter sessions—

(a) has allowed such an appeal, or

(b) has awarded the licensing authority any costs under the preceding sub-paragraph and is satisfied that the licensing authority cannot recover those costs,

the court shall order payment out of local funds of such sums as appear to the court sufficient <to indemnify the licensing authority from all costs and charges whatever to which they have been put in consequence of the appellant's having served notice of appeal.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1625

(3) Costs payable out of local funds under this paragraph— Sch 2.

(a) if the licensing authority’s area is a borough having a separate court of quarter sessions, shall be paid out of the general rate fund of the borough; and

(b) in any other case, shall be paid out of the county fund of the county in which the licensing authority's area is situated.

(4) Sections 8(1) and 11(1) of the Costs in Criminal Cases Act 1952 c. 48. 1952 (which make provision for payment out of local funds of costs ordered to be paid under that Act) shall apply to costs ordered to

be paid under this paragraph as if any reference in those provisions to a county borough were a reference to a borough having a separate court of quarter sessions.

(5) An order of a court of quarter sessions under this paragraph may be made either at the sessions at which the appeal is heard, or at which it would have been heard if the appeal had been prosecuted, or at the next following sessions; and die costs may be taxed either in or out of sessions.

Appeal in England or Wales by Board

31.—(1) Where a licensing authority in England or Wales grant or renew a licence under this Act after hearing any objection or representations made by or on behalf of the Board or any other person, and the Board desire to contend—

(a) that the licence ought not to have been granted or renewed, or

(b) that, on granting or renewing the licence, the licensing authority ought to have imposed restrictions, or (where restrictions were imposed) ought to have imposed more stringent restrictions,

the Board may, by notice to the clerk to the licensing authority, appeal against the decision of the licensing authority to a court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction in the authority's area.

(2) As soon as practicable after receiving notice of appeal under this paragraph, the clerk to the licensing authority shall send the notice to the clerk of the peace together with a statement of the decision against which the appeal is brought and the name and last-known residence or place of ousiness of the applicant who applied for the grant or renewal and of any person (other than the Board) who opposed the application before the licensing authority.

(3) On receipt of the notice of appeal, the clerk of the peace shall enter the appeal and give in writing to the Board, to the applicant, to the appropriate officer of police, to any person (other than the Board) who opposed the application before the licensing authority, and to the licensing authority, not less than seven days' notice of the date, time and place appointed for the hearing of the appeal.

(4) Sub-paragraphs (4) and (5) of paragraph 29 of this Schedule shall have effect in relation to appeals under this paragraph as they have effect in relation to appeals under that paragraph.

3 F* 2

1626

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sch. 2

32. —(1) On determining any appeal under the last preceding paragraph, or on being satisfied that the Board, after giving notice of such an appeal, have failed to prosecute it, the court of quarter sessions may make such order as it thinks fit for the payment of costs by or to—

(a) the applicant who applied for the grant or renewal to which

the appeal relates;

(b) the Board;

(c) any person (other than the Board) who opposed the appli-

cation before the licensing authority; or

(d) the licensing authority.

(2) Sub-paragraphs (2) to (5) of paragraph 30 of this Schedule shall have effect for the purposes of this paragraph as they have effect for the purposes of that paragraph.

Appeal in Scotland by applicant

33. —(1) Where on an application under this Schedule to a licensing authority in Scotland the authority refuse to grant or renew a licence, or impose restrictions under paragraph 24 or paragraph 25 of this Schedule, the clerk to the licensing authority shall forthwith give notice of the decision of the authority to the applicant; and the applicant may, within such time, and in accordance with such rules, as may be prescribed by the Court of Session by Act of Sederunt, appeal against the decision to the sheriff having jurisdiction in the authority’s area.

(2) The sheriff may allow or dismiss the appeal, or reverse or vary any part of the decision of the licensing authority, whether the appeal relates to that part of it or not, and may deal with the application as if it had been made to the sheriff in the first instance.

(3) The decision of the sheriff on the appeal shall be final and may include such order as to the expenses of the appeal as he thinks proper.

Appeal in Scotland by Board

34.—(1) Where a licensing authority in Scotland grant or renew a licence under this Act after hearing any objection or representations made by or on behalf of the Board or any other person, and the Board desire to contend—

(a) that the licence ought not to have been granted or renewed, or

(b) that, on granting or renewing the licence, the licensing authority ought to have imposed restrictions, or (where restrictions were imposed) ought to have imposed more stringent restrictions,

the Board may, within such time, and in accordance with such rules, as may be prescribed by the Court of Session by Act of Sederunt, appeal against the decision of the licensing authority to the sheriff having jurisdiction in the authority’s area.

(2) Sub-paragraphs (2) and (3) of paragraph 33 of this Schedule shall have effect in relation to appeals under this paragraph as they have effect in relation to appeals under that paragraph.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1627

Revocation by Board of certificate of consent

35.—(1) Where under the preceding provisions of this Schedule the Board have issued to a person a certificate of consent to his applying for a licence under this Act in respect of any premises, then, subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, the Board may at any time revoke that certificate, whether before that time—

(a) the holder of the certificate has applied for a licence under

this Act in respect of those premises, or

(b) in pursuance of such an application, the licensing authority have granted him such a licence,

or not.

(2) Subject to the next following sub-paragraph, the Board shall not revoke a certificate of consent in respect of any premises at any time unless it appears to them—

(a) that, if the holder of the certificate were then applying for

such a certificate under paragraph 4 of this Schedule, the Board would be precluded by sub-paragraph (4) of that paragraph from issuing such a certificate to him, or

(b) that any information which, in or in connection with the application on which the certificate was issued, was given to the Board by or on behalf of the applicant for the certificate was false in a material particular, or

(c) that, since the certificate was issued, a licence under this

Act held by the holder of the certificate (whether in respect of the same or different premises) has been cancelled by virtue of a disqualification order made under section 24 of this Act or under this Schedule or in the exercise of the powers conferred on the licensing authority or the court by the following provisions of this Schedule.

(3) Where the holder of a certificate of consent in respect of any premises has in pursuance of the certificate applied for the grant of a licence under this Act in respect of those premises, and such a licence has been granted and is for the time being in force, the Board may revoke the certificate at any time if it appears to them—

(a) that, in relation to the conduct of the premises or the con-

duct of gaming on those premises, effective control is being exercised by a person other than the holder of the certificate, and

(b) that the other person in question, in view of his character and reputation, is not a person to whom, if he were then applying for a certificate of consent under the preceding provisions of this Schedule, the Board would issue such a certificate.

(4) Where the Board determine to revoke a certificate of consent by virtue of this paragraph they shall serve a notice on the holder of the certificate stating that the certificate is revoked as from the end of the period of eight weeks from the date of service of the notice; and the revocation shall take effect at the end of that period, unless before the end of that period the Board have served on the holder of the certificate a further notice stating that they have rescinded their decision to revoke the certificate.

3 F* 3

Scm 2

1628

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sea. 2 (5) Where the Board serve any such notice as is mentioned in sub-

paragraph (4) of this paragraph they shall send a copy of the notice to the clerk to the licensing authority, to the appropriate officer of police and to the appropriate collector of duty.

(6) On the revocation by virtue of this paragraph of a certificate of consent in respect of any premises, any licence under this Act in respect of those premises which—

(a) specifies that certificate as being the certificate in pursuance

of which the application for the licence was made, and

(b) is in force at the time when the revocation of the certificate takes effect,

shall thereupon cease to have effect

Cancellation of licence by licensing authority or court

36. —(1) An application for the cancellation of a licence under this Act may be made by any person at any time to the clerk to the licensing authority.

(2) Any such application shall be made in the prescribed form and manner and shall be accompanied by two copies of a statement of the grounds on which the application is made.

(3) On receipt of such an application, the clerk to the licensing authority shall submit it to one member of the authority for consideration by him.

(4) If that member, after considering the application, is of the opinion that—

(a) further consideration of the matters referred to in the

statement accompanying the application is unnecessary or inexpedient before the time when the renewal of the licence falls to be considered, or

(b) the licensing authority would be required by virtue of paragraph 41 of this Schedule to refuse the application,

he shall cause notice in writing to be given to the applicant that the application is refused, without prejudice to the raising of the same matters by way of objection to a renewal of the licence.

(5) In any other case, the member of the licensing authority to whom the application is submitted shall refer it to the licensing authority.

37. Where an application for the cancellation of a licence under this Act is referred to the licensing authority under the last preceding paragraph, and that application has not been withdrawn, the clerk to the authority shall give to the applicant, to the holder of the licence, to the appropriate officer of police, to the Board and to the appropriate collector of duty not less than twenty-one days' notice in writing of the date, time and place appointed for the consideration of the application by the authority, and shall send to the holder of the licence together with that notice a copy of the applicant’s statement of the grounds on which the application is made.

38. At any meeting of the licensing authority to consider such an application, the applicant and the holder of the licence shall be entitled to be heard either in person or by counsel or a solicitor;

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1629

and, where the applicant is a person other than the appropriate officer of police, the licensing authority shall also hear any representations made by that officer or by any person authorised by him in that behalf.

39. A licensing authority may from time to time adjourn the consideration of any application for the cancellation of a licence under this Act

40. On the consideration of any such application, a licensing authority may take evidence on oath and may make such order as they think fit for the payment of costs (or, in Scotland, expenses)—

(a) by the applicant to the holder of the licence, or

(b) by the holder of the licence to the applicant.

41. The licensing authority shall refuse any such application if they are satisfied that it is made on grounds which have been, or ought properly to have been, raised previously by way of objection either when the licence was granted or on an occasion when it has been renewed.

42. Subject to the last preceding paragraph, on any application for the cancellation of a licence under this Act which is referred to them, the licensing authority may cancel the licence on any of the grounds specified in paragraph 20 or paragraph 21 of this Schedule.

43. If on such an application the licensing authority decide not to cancel the licence, the authority shall cause notice in writing to be given to the applicant that the application is refused, without prejudice to the raising of the same matters by way of objection to a renewal of the licence.

44. If on such an application the licensing authority decide to cancel the licence, the cancellation—

(c) shall not take effect until the time within which the holder

of the licence can appeal against that decision has expired, and

(b) if he so appeals, shall not take effect until the appeal has been determined or abandoned.

45. The provisions of paragraphs 29 and 30 of this Schedule (in England or Wales) or paragraph 33 of this Schedule (in Scotland) shall have effect in relation to die cancellation of a licence under this Act as they have effect in relation to a refusal to grant or renew such a licence, as if in those paragraphs—

(a) any reference to the applicant were a reference to the holder of the licence, and

(b) any reference to a person who opposed the application before the licensing authority were a reference to the person who made the application for the cancellation of the licence.

46. —(1) Where a licensing authority in England or Wales refuse to cancel a licence under this Act, the Board may, by notice to the clerk of the licensing authority, appeal against the decision of the licensing authority to a court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction in the authority's area.

3F*4

Sea. 2

1630

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

See. 2 (2) The provisions of paragraph 31(2) to (4) and paragraph 32

of this Schedule shall have effect in relation to any such appeal as they have effect in relation to an appeal by the Board against the grant or renewal of such licence, as if in those provisions—

(a) any reference to any person (other than the Board) who

opposed the application before the licensing authority were omitted, and

(b) any reference to the applicant who applied for the grant or renewal were a reference to the holder of the licence.

47. —(1) Where a licensing authority in Scotland refuse to cancel a licence under this Act, the Board may. within such time, and in accordance with such rules, as may be prescribed by the Court of Session by Act of Sederunt, appeal against the decision of the licensing authority to the sheriff having jurisdiction in the authority’s area.

(2) Sub-paragraphs (2) and (3) of paragraph 33 of this Schedule shall have effect in relation to appeals under this paragraph as they have effect in relation to appeals under that paragraph.

48. —(1) Where the holder of a licence under this Act in respect of any premises is convicted of an offence under Schedule 3 to the

1966 c. 18 Finance Act 1966 in respect of a contravention of section 13 or section 14 of that Act. and the Commissioners of Customs and Excise—

(a) certify to the court by or before which he is so convicted

that the conviction is a second or subsequent conviction for such an offence committed (whether by the same or by some other person) in relation to gaming on those premises and while the same person has been the holder of a licence under this Act in respect of those premises, and

(b) apply to the court for effect to be given to this sub-paragraph.

that court shall order that the licence under this Act in respect of those premises shall be cancelled.

(2) An order made under this paragraph by a court in England or Wales—

(a) shall not have effect until the end of the period within which notice of appeal against the conviction which gave rise to the order may be given;

(b) if notice of appeal against that conviction is duly given, shall not have effect until the appeal has been determined or abandoned; and

(c) shall not have effect if. on such an appeal, the appeal is

allowed.

(3) An order made under this paragraph by a court in Scotland—

(a) shall not have effect until the end of the period of fourteen

days beginning with the date on which the order was made; (b) if an appeal against the conviction which gave rise to the order is begun within that period, shall not have effect until the appeal has been determined or abandoned or deemed to have been abandoned; and

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1631

(c) shall not have effect if, on such an appeal, the appeal is allowed,

(4) Where a person is the holder of a licence under this Act, and the licence is cancelled by virtue of an order made under this paragraph, the clerk of the court by which the order was made shall, unless he is also the clerk to the licensing authority, send a copy of the order to the clerk to the licensing authority; and (without prejudice to the renewal of any other licence under this Act held by the same person) the licensing authority shall, notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Schedule, refuse any application by that person for the grant of a licence under this Act in respect of the same or any other premises if it is made less than twelve months after the date of the order.

Disqualification order on cancellation of licence

49. —(l) Where under paragraph 42 of this Schedule a licensing authority cancels a licence under this Act, the authority may make a disqualification order under this paragraph prohibiting such a licence from being held in respect of the relevant premises during a period specified in the order.

(2) The period specified in a disqualification order under this paragraph shall not exceed five years from the date on which the order comes into force.

(3) Subject to the next following paragraph, where a disqualification order under this paragraph is made, any licence within the prohibition, if previously obtained, shall by virtue of the order be cancelled, or, if subsequently obtained, shall be null and void.

50. Where a licensing authority decides to cancel a licence under this Act, and makes a disqualification order under the last preceding paragraph in respect of the relevant premises, paragraph 44, and the provisions applied by paragraph 45, of this Schedule shall have effect in relation to the disqualification order as they have effect in relation to the cancellation of the licence.

Form and duration of licence

51. —(1) A licence under this Act shall be in the prescribed form and shall—

(a) specify by name and description the club which was so specified in the application for the licence in accordance with paragraph 5(2) of this Schedule; and

(b) specify (in such manner as may be sufficient to identify it) die certificate of consent under this Schedule in pursuance of which that application was made.

(2) If any such licence as granted or renewed is subject to any restrictions imposed under paragraph 24 or paragraph 25 of this Schedule, the licence as granted or renewed shall include a statement of those restrictions.

52. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, and without prejudice to the cancellation of any licence, whether in

SCH. 2

1632

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sea. 2 consequence of the revocation of a certificate of consent or by virtue of a disqualification order or otherwise, a licence under this Act—

(a) if not renewed, shall cease to be in force at the end of the

month of May in the year following that in which it was granted, or

(b) if renewed, shall, unless further renewed, cease to be in force at the end of the month of May in the year following that in which it was last renewed.

(2) In the application of sub-paragraph (1X<0 of this paragraph to a licence which is in force on the date on which section 1 of this Act comes into operation, for the reference to the month of May therein mentioned there shall be substituted a reference to the first month of May following the first anniversary of that date.

53. —(1) Where an application for the renewal of a licence under this Act has been duly made, the licence shall not cease to be in force by virtue of the last preceding paragraph before the licensing authority have determined the application.

(2) Where, on such an application, the licensing authority refuse to renew the licence, it shall not cease to be in force by virtue of the last preceding paragraph before the time within which the applicant can appeal against the refusal has expired, and, if he so appeals, shall not cease to be in force by virtue of that paragraph until the appeal has been determined or abandoned.

54. If the holder of a licence under this Act dies while the licence is in force—

(a) the licence shall not cease to be in force by virtue of

paragraph 52 of this Schedule before the end of the period of six months beginning with the date of his death, and

(b) except for the purposes of a renewal of the licence, his personal representatives shall be deemed to be the holder of the licence;

and the licensing authority may from time to time, on the application of those personal representatives, extend or further extend the period for which the licence continues to be in force by virtue of this paragraph if satisfied that the extension is necessary for the purpose of winding up the estate of the deceased and that no other circumstances make it undesirable.

Certificate of consent for purposes of application for transfer

of licence

55. —(1) An application for the transfer of a licence under this Act from one person to another shall be of no effect unless the Board have issued to the applicant a certificate consenting to his applying for a transfer of the licence to that other person, and that certificate is for the time being in force and the application is made within the period specified in the certificate.

(2) In the following provisions of this Schedule any reference to an application for the transfer of a licence under this Act shall be construed as not including any application which by virtue of the preceding sub-paragraph is of no effect.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1633

56. —(1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect in relation to any application to the Board for such a certificate of consent as is mentioned in the last preceding paragraph.

(2) The Board shall not issue a certificate on any such application if it appears to the Board that the person to whom the licence is proposed to be transferred (in this and the next following paragraph referred to as " the proposed transferee ")—

(a) not being a body corporate, is under twenty-one years of

age, or

(b) not being a body corporate, is not resident in Great Britain or was not so resident throughout the period of six months immediately preceding the date on which the application was made, or

(c) being a body corporate, is not incorporated in Great Britain.

(3) Subject to sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, in determining whether to issue such a certificate of consent the Bioard shall have regard only to the question whether, in their opinion, the proposed transferee is likely to be capable of, and diligent in, securing that the provisions of this Act and of any regulations made under it will be complied with, that gaming on the premises specified in the licence will be fairly and properly conducted, and that the premises will be conducted without disorder or disturbance.

(4) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph the Board shall in particular take into consideration the character, reputation and financial standing—

(a) of the proposed transferee, and

(b) of any person (other than the proposed transferee) by whom, if the licence in question were transferred to the proposed transferee, the club specified in the licence would be maintained, or for whose benefit, if that licence were so transferred, that club would be carried on,

but may also take into consideration any other circumstances appearing to them to be relevant in determining whether the proposed transferee is likely to be capable of, and diligent in, securing the matters mentioned in that sub-paragraph.

(5) If on an application made under the last preceding paragraph the Board issue to the applicant a certificate consenting to his applying for the transfer of the licence to the proposed transferee, the certificate shall specify a period within which an application to the licensing authority for the transfer of the licence can be made.

57. —(1) Where the Board have issued a certificate of consent in respect of the transfer of a licence under this Act, then, subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, the Board may revoke that certificate at any time before the licence has been transferred to the proposed transferee.

(2) The Board shall not revoke a certificate by virtue of this paragraph unless it appears to them either—

(a) that any information which, in or in connection with the application on which the certificate was issued, was given

Sea. 2

1634

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sch* 2

1966 c. 18.

to the Board by or on behalf of the applicant for the certificate was false in a material particular, or

(b) that, since the certificate was issued, a licence under this Act held by the proposed transferee has been cancelled by virtue of a disqualification order made under section 24 of this Act or under this Schedule or in the exercise of the powers conferred on the licensing authority or the court by this Schedule.

(3) Where the Board determine to revoke a certificate by virtue of this paragraph they shall serve a notice on the holder of the certificate stating that the certificate is revoked; and the revocation shall take effect on the service of that notice.

(4) Where the Board serve a notice under sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph they shall send a copy of the notice to the clerk to the licensing authority, to the appropriate officer of police and to the appropriate collector of duty.

Transfer of licence

58. —(1) An application for the transfer of a licence under this Act from one person to another may be made at any time, and shall be made to the clerk to the licensing authority in such form and manner as may be prescribed and shall be accompanied by a copy of the certificate of consent issued by the Board for the purposes of that application.

(2) Not later than seven days after the date on which the application is made, the applicant shall send a copy of the application—

(a) to the Board;

(b) to the appropriate officer of police;

(c) to the appropriate local authority; and

(d) to the appropriate collector of duty.

59. Paragraphs 10 and 11 of this Schedule shall have effect in relation to any such application as they have effect in relation to an application for the grant of a licence under this Act made during the initial period.

60. On an application for the transfer of a licence under this Act the licensing authority shall not refuse to transfer the licence except on the grounds—

(a) that the person to whom the licence is proposed to be transferred is not a fit and proper person to be the holder of a licence under this Act;

(b) that, if the licence were transferred to that person, the club

specified in the licence would be managed by, or carried on for the benefit of, a person (other than the proposed transferee) who would himself be refused the grant of a licence under this Act on the grounds that he is not a fit and proper person to be the holder of such a licence; or

(c) that any duty payable by the proposed transferee under sec-

tion 13 or section 14 of the Finance Act 1966 remains unpaid.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1635

61. Paragraphs 29 to 34 of this Schedule (with the omission of Sea. 2 paragraphs 31(1X6) and 34(1X6)) shall have effect in relation to the transfer of licences under this Act as they have effect in relation

to the grant or renewal of such licences.

Revocation of certificate after transfer of licence

62. In relation to a licence under this Act which has been transferred, and in relation to the certificate of consent in pursuance of which the application for the grant of such a licence was made, the provisions of paragraph 35 of this Schedule shall have effect as if, in sub-paragraphs (2), (3)(a) and (4) of that paragraph, any reference to the holder of the certificate were a reference to the person who is for the time being the holder of the licence.

Payment of fees

63. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Schedule, no licence under this Act shall be granted, renewed or transferred except on payment by the applicant to the clerk to the licensing authority of the fee chargeable in accordance with section 48 of this Act.

(2) The clerk to a licensing authority in Scotland shall pay over all fees received by him under this paragraph to the local authority liable under section 21 of the Licensing (Scotland) Act 1959 to de- 1959 c. 51. fray the expenses of the licensing authority; and that local authority shall pay to that clerk, in respect of anything done by him under this Act, such fees as the Court of Session may by Act of Sederunt prescribe.

Notification of change in directors of body corporate holding licence

64. —(1) Where the holder of a licence under this Act is a bod corporate, then if at any time a change occurs—

(a) in the persons who are directors of that body corporate, c

(b) in the persons in accordance with whose directions c instructions the directors of that body corporate ai accustomed to act,

the body corporate shall as soon as reasonably practicable afte that time serve on the clerk to the licensing authority, the appro priate officer of police and the Board, a notice giving particulars o the change.

(2) A body corporate which fails to comply with the preceding sub-paragraph shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

Relinquishment of licence

65. —(1) The holder of a licence under this Act may at any time relinquish the licence by notice to the clerk to the licensing authority; and, where such a notice is given, the licence shall thereupon be treated as cancelled.

1636

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sea. 2

Section 1102).

(2) Where the holder of a licence under this Act relinquishes the licence under this paragraph, the clerk to the licensing authority shall give notice of that fact to—

(a) the Board;

(b) the appropriate officer of police;

(c) the appropriate local authority;

(d) the appropriate fire authority, if that authority is not the same body as the appropriate local authority; and

(e) the appropriate collector of duty.

SCHEDULE 3 Registration op Members* Clubs under Part n in England and Wales

Introductory

1. —(1) Each licensing authority in England or Wales shall, in respect of premises within the area of the authority as mentioned in paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to this Act, be the authority responsible for the registration of clubs and institutes under Part U of this Act and for the renewal and cancellation of any such registration.

(2) In this Schedule " institute* means a miners* welfare institute.

2. Paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of this Schedule as if in that paragraph references to a licence under this Act, to premises in respect of which such a licence is for the time being in force, and to an application relating to such a licence, were references respectively to registration under Part II of this Act, to premises in respect of which a club or institute is for the time being registered under Part II of this Act, and to an application relating to such registration.

Application for registration

3. Paragraphs 5 to 11 of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect in relation to applications for registration under Part II of this Act as they have effect in relation to applications for licences under this Act, but as if—

(a) in paragraph 5(2) of that Schedule the words from " and

shall be accompanied by a copy of the certificate * onwards, and in paragraphs 6(2) and 10(2) of that Schedule the words from " shall indicate * to " other than a bingo club licence * and

(b) paragraphs 6(3) and 10(3) of that Schedule, and

(c) any reference to the appropriate local authority or the appropriate fire authority,

were omitted, and in paragraph 8 of that Schedule the reference to the date appointed under section 54(4) of this Act for the purposes of that paragraph were a reference to the date so appointed for the purposes of this paragraph.

Application for renewal of registration

4. —(1) Any application for renewal of the registration of a dub or institute under Part II of this Act shall (subject to sub-paragraph

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1637

(3) of this paragraph) be made in January or February in the year Sea. 3 in which the registration is due to expire, and shall be made to the clerk to the licensing authority in such form and manner, and shall contain such particulars, as may be prescribed.

(2) In the case of each club or institute whose registration under Part II of this Act is due to expire in any particular year, where an application for renewal of the registration has not already been made, the clerk to the licensing authority shall before the end of January in that year serve on the chairman or secretary of the club or institute a notice stating that the registration is due to expire in that year and that any application for renewal of the registration must be made before the end of February.

(3) The licensing authority may in any particular case entertain an application for renewal of such registration which is made after the end of February if—

(a) they are satisfied that the failure to make the application before the end of that month was due to inadvertence, and

(b) the application is made before the end of such extended period as the licensing authority may in that case allow.

5. —(1) At any time in March in each year, every licensing authority shall cause notice of the date, time and place appointed by the authority for the purpose of considering any applications for renewal of registration under Part n of this Act, specifying the clubs and institutes in respect of which such applications have been made to the licensing authority in that year, to be published by means of an advertisement in a newspaper circulating in the authority's area.

(2) A notice published in pursuance of the preceding sub-paragraph shall state that any person who desires to object to renewal of the registration of a particular club or institute specified in the notice should send to the clerk to the licensing authority, before 15th April, two copies of a brief statement in writing of the grounds of his objection.

(3) On or after 15th April, but not less than seven days before the date fixed by the licensing authority for the consideration of applications for renewal of registration under Part II of this Act, the clerk to the licensing authority, if he has received from any person an objection in writing to renewal of the registration of a particular club or institute, and that objection has not been withdrawn, shall send a copy of the objection to the applicant for renewal of registration of that club or institute.

Proceedings on application for registration or renewal of registration

6. Paragraphs 14 to 17 of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect in relation to any application for registration or renewal of registration of a club or institute under Part II of this Act as they have effect in relation to applications for the grant or renewal of licences under this Act, but as if in paragraph 14(2) of that Schedule the references to the appropriate local authority and the appropriate fire authority were omitted.

1638

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sea. 3

1966 c. 18.

Grounds for refusal to register or to renew registration

7. —(1) The licensing authority shall refuse to register or to renew the registration of a club under Part 11 of this Act if it appears to the authority that the club—

(a) is not a bona fide members* club, or

(b) has less than twenty-five members, or

(c) is of a merely temporary character.

(2) Without prejudice to the preceding sub-paragraph, the licensing authority shall refuse to register a club or to renew the registration of a club under Part II of this Act if it appears to the authority that the principal purpose for which the club is established or conducted is gaming, unless the authority are satisfied that the gaming in question consists exclusively of playing bridge or whist, or both bridge and whist

8. The licensing authority may refuse to register a club or institute under Part II of this Act where the club or institute has previously been so registered and either—

(a) its registration has been cancelled, or

(b) an application for renewal of that registration has been refused.

9. The licensing authority may refuse to renew the registration of a club or institute under Part II of this Act on any one or more of the following grounds, in addition to those specified in paragraph 7 of this Schedule, that is to say-

fa) that a person has been convicted of an offence under this Act in respect of a contravention, in connection with the relevant premises, of any of the provisions of this Act or of any regulations made thereunder;

(b) that, while the club or institute has been registered under Part II of this Act, the relevant premises have not been so conducted as to prevent disturbance or disorder;

(c) that, while the club or institute has been so registered, gaming

on the relevant premises has been dishonestly conducted;

(d) that, while the club or institute has been so registered, the relevant premises have been used for an unlawful purpose or as a resort of criminals or prostitutes;

(e) that any duty payable in respect of the premises under section 13 or section 14 of the Finance Act 1966 remains unpaid.

10. The licensing authority shall refuse to renew the registration of a club under Part II of this Act if they are satisfied that, while the club has been registered thereunder, the relevant premises have been habitually used for an unlawful purpose or as a resort of criminals or prostitutes.

Restrictions attached to registration

11.—(1) On registering or renewing the registration of a club or institute under Part II of this Act, the licensing authority may, if they think fit, impose restrictions limiting the gaming to a particular part or parts of the relevant premises.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1639

(2) Any restrictions imposed under the preceding sub-paragraph shall be imposed so as to have effect until the registration of the club or institute under Part II of this Act ceases to have effect or is next renewed (whichever first occurs), but without prejudice, where the registration is renewed, to any power of the licensing authority under the preceding sub-paragraph to impose the like or any other restrictions on renewing the registration.

Appeal by applicant

12. —(1) Where on an application under this Schedule the licensing authority refuse to register or renew the registration of a club or institute under Part II of this Act, or impose restrictions under the last preceding paragraph, the clerk to the licensing authority shall forthwith give notice of the decision of the authority to the applicant; and, within fourteen days from the date of service of that notice, the applicant may, by notice to the clerk to the authority, appeal against the decision to a court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction in the authority’s area.

(2) Sub-paragraphs (2) to (5) of paragraph 29 of Schedule 2 to this Act, and paragraph 30 of that Schedule, shall have effect in relation to appeals under this paragraph as they have effect in relation to appeals under paragraph 29 of that Schedule.

Appeal by Board

13. —(1) Where on an application under this Schedule the licensing authority register, or renew the registration of, a club or institute under Part II of this Act after hearing any objection or representations made by or on behalf of the Board or any other person, and the Board desire to contend that the registration or renewal ought to have been refused, the Board may, by notice to the clerk to the licensing authority, appeal against the decision of the licensing authority to a court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction in the authority’s area.

(2) On determining any appeal under this paragraph, or on being satisfied that the Board, after giving notice of such an appeal, have failed to prosecute it, the court of quarter sessions may make such order as it thinks fit for the payment of costs by or to—

(a) the applicant who applied for the registration or renewal;

(b) the Board;

(c) any person (other than the Board) who opposed the applica-

tion before the licensing authority; or

(d) the licensing authority.

(3) Sub-paragraphs (4) and (5) of paragraph 29, sub-paragraphs (2) to (5) of paragraph 30 and sub-paragraphs (2) and (3) of paragraph 31 of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect in relation to appeals under this paragraph as they have effect in relation to appeals under paragraph 31 of that Schedule.

Cancellation of registration

14. Paragraphs 36 to 44 of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect in relation to cancellation of the registration of a club or

[Sch. 3

1640

Ch. 65

Gaming Act

Sea. 3

1966 c. 18.

institute under Part II of this Act as they have effect in relation to cancellation of a licence under this Act, but as if—

(a) any reference to the holder of the licence were a reference to the chairman or secretary of the club or institute, and (b) in paragraph 42 of that Schedule, the reference to the grounds specified in paragraphs 20 and 21 of that Schedule were a reference to the grounds specified in paragraph 9 of this Schedule.

15. —(1) Where on an application made by virtue of paragraph 14 of this Schedule the licensing authority decide to cancel the registration of a club or institute under Part II of this Act, the clerk to the licensing authority shall forthwith give notice of the decision of the authority to the chairman or secretary of the club or institute; and. within fourteen days from the date of service of that notice, the chairman or secretary may. by notice to the clerk to the licensing authority, appeal against the decision to a court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction in the authority’s area.

(2) The provisions of paragraph 29(2) to (5) of Schedule 2 to this Act, and of paragraph 30 of that Schedule, shall have effect in relation to appeals under this paragraph as they have effect in relation to appeals under paragraph 29 of that Schedule, but as if in those provisions any reference to a person who opposed the application before the licensing authority were a reference to the person who made the application for the registration to be cancelled.

16. —(1) Where an application for cancellation of the registration of a club or institute under Part II of this Act is made by the Board, and the licensing authority refuse to cancel the registration, the Board may, by notice to the clerk to the licensing authority, appeal against the decision of the licensing authority to a court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction in the authority’s area.

(2) The provisions of paragraph 31(2) to (4) of Schedule 2 to this Act, and of paragraph 32 of that Schedule, shall have effect in relation to any such appeal as they have effect in relation to an appeal by the Board against the grant or renewal of a licence, but as if in those provisions—

(a) any reference to any person (other than the Board) who

opposed the application before the licensing authority were omitted, and

(b) any reference to the applicant who applied for the grant or renewal were a reference to the chairman or secretary of the club or institute.

17. —(1) Where a person is convicted of an offence under Schedule 3 to the Finance Act 1966 in respect of a contravention of section 13 or section 14 of that Act in relation to premises in respect of which a club or institute is for the time being registered under Part II of this Act, and the Commissioners of Customs and Excise—

(a) certify to the court by or before which he is so convicted that the conviction is a second or subsequent conviction for such an offence committed (whether by the same or by some other person) in relation to gaming on those premises while that club or institute has been so registered, and

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1641

(b) apply to the court for effect to be given to this sub-paragraph, that court shall order that the registration of the club or institute under Part II of this Act shall be cancelled.

(2) An order made under this paragraph—

(a) shall not have effect until the end of the period within

which notice of appeal against the conviction which gave rise to the order may be given;

(b) if notice of appeal against that conviction is duly given, shall not have effect until the appeal has been determined or abandoned; and

(c) shall not have effect if, on such an appeal, the appeal is

allowed.

(3) Where the registration of a club or institute is cancelled by virtue of an order made under this paragraph, the clerk of the court by which the order was made shall, unless he is also the clerk to the licensing authority, send a copy of the order to the clerk to the licensing authority; and the licensing authority shall, notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Schedule, refuse any application for the registration of that club or institute under Part II of this Act in respect of the same or any other premises if it is made less than twelve months after the date of the order.

Issue and duration of registration certificates

18. —(1) Where on an application under this Schedule a club or institute is registered, or the registration of a club or institute is renewed, under Part II of this Act, the licensing authority shall issue to the applicant a certificate (in this Schedule referred to as a 44 registration certificate ") which shall be in the prescribed form.

(2) If the registration or any renewal of the registration of a club or institute is subject to any restrictions imposed under paragraph 11 of this Schedule, the registration certificate shall include a statement of those restrictions.

19. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, and without prejudice to the provisions of this Schedule as to cancellation the registration of a club or institute under Part II of this Act—

(a) if not renewed, shall cease to have effect at the end of the

month of May in the year following that in which it was effected, or

(b) if renewed, shall, unless further renewed, cease to have effect at the end of the period for which it was renewed or last renewed, as the case may be.

(2) In the application of sub-paragraph (lXa) of this paragraph to a club or institute which, on the date on which section 1 of this Act comes into operation, is for the time being registered under Part II of this Act, for the reference to the month of May therein mentioned there shall be substituted a reference to the first month of May following the first anniversary of that date.

20. —<1) An application for renewal of the registration of a club or institute under Part II of this Act may specify a number of years, not exceeding ten, for which the renewal is requested; and any

Sen. 3

1642

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sch. 3 renewal of the registration shall be for such number of years, not exceeding the number specified in the application, as the licensing authority think fit

(2) Except as provided by the preceding sub-paragraph, any renewal of the registration shall be for a period of one year.

21. —(1) Where the registration of a club or institute under Part n of this Act has been renewed for a period of two or more years, and is subject to any restriction imposed under paragraph 11 of this Schedule, then, with a view to the cancellation or variation of those restrictions, an application for renewal of the registration may be made in any of those years, notwithstanding that the registration is not due to expire in that year.

(2) On any application made by virtue of this paragraph the registration may be renewed as if it were due to expire at the end of the month of May in that year.

22. —(1) Where an application for renewal of the registration of a club or institute under Part II of this Act has been duly made, the registration shall not cease to have effect by virtue of paragraph 19 of this Schedule until the licensing authority have determined the application.

(2) Where, on such an application, the licensing authority refuse to renew the registration, it shall not cease to have effect by virtue of paragraph 19 of this Schedule before the time within which the applicant can appeal against the refusal has expired, and, if he so appeals, shall not cease to have effect by virtue of that paragraph until the appeal has been determined or abandoned.

Payment of fees

23. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Schedule, a club or institute shall not be registered under Part II of this Act, and the registration of a club or institute thereunder shall not be renewed, except on payment by the applicant to the clerk to the licensing authority of the fee chargeable in accordance with section 48 of this Act.

Relinquishment of registration

24.—(1) A club or institute registered under Part II of this Act may at any time relinquish its registration by notice given to the clerk to the licensing authority by the chairman or secretary of the club or institute; and, where such a notice is given, the registration of the club or institute under Part II of this Act shall thereupon be treated as cancelled.

(2) Where the registration of a club or institute is relinquished under this paragraph, the clerk to the licensing authority shall give notice of that fact to the Board, the appropriate officer of police and the appropriate collector of duty

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1643

SCHEDULE 4 Section 11(2).

Registration of Members’ Clubs under Part II in Scotland

Introductory

1. —(1) The sheriff shall, in respect of premises in Scotland within his jurisdiction, be the authority responsible for the registration of clubs and institutes under Part II of this Act and for the renewal and cancellation of any such registration.

(2) In this Schedule, " institute " means a miners' welfare institute.

2. —(1) Any provision of Schedule 2 to this Act containing a reference to the licensing authority, the clerk to the licensing authority and a newspaper circulating in the authority's area shall, when applied by any provision of this Schedule, be construed respectively as a reference to the sheriff, the sheriff clerk and a newspaper circulating within the jurisdiction of the sheriff.

(2) In this Schedule—

"the appropriate chief constable" means the chief constable for the police area in which the relevant premises are situated;

"the appropriate collector of duty" means the Collector of Customs and Excise for the area in which the relevant premises are situated;

" the relevant premises ", in relation to registration under Part II of this Act or to an application relating to such registration, means the premises in respect of which a club or institute is for the time being registered under that Part or the premises to which the application relates, as the case may be.

Application for registration

3. —(1) An application for the registration of a club or institute in Scotland under Part II of this Act may be made at any time, and shall be made to the sheriff clerk in such form and manner as may be prescribed.

(2) Any such application shall specify the name, objects and address of the club or institute to which it relates and the premises in respect of which it is proposed that the club or institute should be registered, and shall contain such other particulars as may be prescribed.

(3) Not later than seven days after the date on which the application is made, the applicant shall send a copy of the application to the Board, the appropriate chief constable and to the appropriate collector of duty.

4. Paragraph 10 of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect in relation to any such application as it has effect in relation to applications for the grant of licences under this Act but as if in sub-paragraph (2) the words from "shall indicate" to "other than a bingo club licence", and sub-paragraph (3), were omitted.

5. —(1) Not later than seven days after the publication of the newspaper containing the advertisement required by paragraph 10 of Schedule 2 to this Act as it has effect by virtue of the last foregoing

Ch. 65

Gaming Act

paragraph, the applicant shall send a copy of that newspaper to the sheriff clerk; and the sheriff shall not consider the application earlier than fourteen days after the date specified in the advertisement.

(2) On or after the date so specified, but not later than seven days before the date appointed for the consideration of the application the sheriff clerk shall send to the applicant a copy of any objection to the proposed registration which he has received and which has not been withdrawn.

Application for renewal of registration

6. —(1) Not later than six weeks before the date of expiry of the registration of a club or institute in Scotland under Part II of this Act. the sheriff clerk shall, unless an application for renewal of the registration has already been received by him. serve notice on the chairman or secretary of that club or institute that the registration will expire on that date unless an application for its renewal is made in accordance with this Schedule.

(2) At the same time as serving notice on the chairman or secretary of the club or institute under the foregoing sub-paragraph, the sheriff clerk shall cause to be published in a newspaper circulating within the jurisdiction of the sheriff an advertisement stating that the registration of the club will shortly expire and that any person who desires to object to its renewal should send to the sheriff clerk, before such date (not being earlier than fourteen days after the publication of the advertisement) as may be specified therein, two copies of a brief statement in writing of the grounds of his objection.

(3) A notice served under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall state that any application for renewal of the registration must be received by the sheriff clerk before such date (not being earlier than fourteen days after the service of the notice) as may be specified in the notice.

7. —(1) Any application for renewal of the registration of a club or institute in Scotland under Part n of this Act shall be made to the sheriff clerk and (subject to sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph) shall be made before the date specified as mentioned in paragraph 6(3) of this Schedule, and shall be made in such form and manner, and shall contain such particulars, as may be prescribed.

(2) Not less than seven days before the date appointed for the consideration of applications for renewal of registration of clubs and institutes in Scotland under Part Q of this Act, the sheriff clerk—

(a) if he has received from any person an objection in writing to renewal of the registration of a particular club or institute, and that objection has not been withdrawn, and the address of that person is known to the clerk, shall send to that person a notice stating whether an application for renewal of the registration of that club or institute has been made or not, and

(A) shall send to the person by whom any application for renewal of the registration of a club or institute under Part II of this Act has been duly made to the sheriff a copy of any objec-

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1645

tion to the renewal which the clerk has received and which has not been withdrawn.

(3) The sheriff may in any particular case entertain an application for renewal of registration under Part II of this Act which is made after the date referred to in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph if—

(a) he is satisfied that the failure to make the application before

that date was due to inadvertence; and

(b) the application is made before the end of such extended period as the sheriff may in that case allow.

Proceedings on application for registration or renewal of registration

8. Paragraphs 14 to 16 of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect in relation to any application for registration or renewal of registration of a club or institute in Scotland under Part II of this Act as they have effect in relation to applications for the grant or renewal of licences under this Act, but as if in paragraph 14 of that Schedule—

(a) in sub-paragraph (1), for the words from * the beginning "

to the end there were substituted the words " the day on which the sheriff considers the application.'*;

(b) in sub-paragraph (2), the references to the appropriate local

authority and the appropriate fire authority were omitted.

Grounds for refusal to register or to renew registration

9. —(1) The sheriff shall refuse to register or to renew the registration of a dub in Scotland under Part II of this Act if it appears to the sheriff that the club—

(a) is not a bona fide members’ club, or

(b) has less than twenty-five members, or

(c) is of a merely temporary character.

(2) Without prejudice to the preceding sub-paragraph, the sheriff shall refuse to register a club or to renew the registration of a club under Part II of this Act if it appears to the sheriff that the principal purpose for which the club is established or conducted is gaming, unless the sheriff is satisfied that the gaming in question consists exclusively of playing bridge or whist, or both bridge and whist

10. The sheriff may refuse to register a club or institute under Part Q of this Act where the club or institute has previously been so registered and either—

(a) its registration has been cancelled, or

(b) an application for renewal of that registration has been refused.

11. The sheriff may refuse to renew the registration of a club or institute under Part II of this Act on any one or more of the following grounds, in addition to those specified in paragraph 9 of this Schedule, that is to say—

(a) that a person has been convicted of an offence under this Act in respect of a contravention, in connection with the relevant premises, of any of the provisions of this Act or of any regulations made thereunder;

Sea. 4

1646

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

See. 4

1966e. 18.

1966 c. 18

(b) that, while the club or institute has been registered under Part II of this Act the relevant premises have not been so conducted as to prevent disturbance or disorder;

(c) that, while the club or institute has been so registered, gaming

on the relevant premises has been dishonestly conducted;

(d) that, while the club or institute has been so registered, the relevant premises have been used for an unlawful purpose or as a resort of criminals or prostitutes;

(e) that any duty payable in respect of the premises under

section 13 or section 14 of the Finance Act 1966 remains unpaid.

12. The sheriff shall refuse to renew the registration of a club under Part U of this Act if he is satisfied that, while the club has been registered thereunder, the relevant premises have been habitually used for an unlawful purpose or as a resort of criminals or prostitutes.

Restrictions attached to registration

13. —^1) On registering or renewing the registration of a club or institute under Part U of this Act, the sheriff may, if he thinks fit, impose restrictions limiting the gaming to a particular part or parts of the relevant premises.

(2) Any restrictions imposed under the preceding sub-paragraph shall be imposed so as to have effect until the registration of the club or institute under Part II of this Act ceases to have effect or is next renewed (whichever first occurs), but without prejudice, where the registration is renewed, to any power of the sheriff under the preceding sub-paragraph to impose the like or any other restrictions on renewing the registration.

Cancellation of registration

14. Paragraphs 36 to 38 and 41 to 43 of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect in relation to cancellation of the registration of a club or institute in Scotland under Part II of this Act as they have effect in relation to cancellation of a licence under this Act, but as if—

(a) any reference to the holder of the licence were a reference

to the chairman or secretary of the club or institute;

(b) in paragraph 36 of that Schedule, sub-paragraphs (3), (4) and (5) were omitted;

(c) in paragraph 38 thereof, for the words from the beginning

to " application " there were substituted the words " On the consideration of the application by the sheriff ";

(i d)in paragraph 42 thereof, the reference to the grounds specified in paragraphs 20 and 21 thereof were a reference to the grounds specified in paragraph 11 of this Schedule.

15. —(1) Where a person is convicted of an offence under Schedule 3 to the Finance Act 1966 in respect of a contravention of section 13 or section 14 of that Act in relation to premises in respect of which a club or institute in Scotland is for the time being registered

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1647

under Part II of this Act, and the Commissioners of Customs and Excise—

(a) certify to the court by or before which he is so convicted

that the conviction is a second or subsequent conviction for such an offence committed (whether by the same or by some other person) in relation to gaming on those premises while that club or institute has been so registered, and

(b) apply to the court for effect to be given to this sub-paragraph,

that court shall order that the registration of the club or institute under Part II of this Act shall be cancelled.

(2) An order made under this paragraph—

(a) shall not have effect until the end of the period within which

notice of appeal against the conviction which gave rise to the order may be given;

(b) if notice of appeal against that conviction is duly given, shall not have effect until the appeal has been determined or abandoned; and

(c) shall not have effect if, on such an appeal, the appeal is

allowed.

(3) Where the registration of a club or institute is cancelled by virtue of an order made under this paragraph, the sheriff shall, notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Schedule, refuse any application for the registration of that club or institute under Part II of this Act in respect of the same or any other premises if it is made less than twelve months after the date of the order.

Issue and duration of registration certificates

16. —(1) Where on an application under this Schedule a club or institute is registered, or the registration of a club or institute is renewed, under Part II of this Act, the sheriff shall issue to the applicant a certificate (in this Schedule referred to as a " registration certificate ") which shall be in the prescribed form.

(2) If the registration or any renewal of the registration of a club or institute is subject to any restrictions imposed under paragraph 13 of this Schedule, the registration certificate shall include a statement of those restrictions.

17. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, and without prejudice to the provisions of this Schedule as to cancellation, the registration of a club or institute in Scotland under Part U. of this Act—

(a) if not renewed, shall cease to have effect at the end of the

month of December in the year following that in which it was effected, or

(b) if renewed, shall, unless further renewed, cease to have effect at the end of the period for which it was renewed or last renewed, as the case may be.

(2) In the application of sub-paragraph (1X<0 of this paragraph to a club or institute which, on the date on which section 1 of this

3 G

Sch. 4

1648

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sch. 4

Act comes into operation, is for the time being registered under Part 11 of this Act, for the reference to the month of December therein mentioned there shall be substituted a reference to the first month of December following the first anniversary of that date.

18. —(1) An application for renewal of the registration of a club or institute in Scotland under Part 11 of this Act may specify a number of years, not exceeding ten, for which the renewal is requested; and any renewal of the registration shall be for such number of years, not exceeding the number specified in the application, as the sheriff

thinks fit.

(2) Except as provided by the preceding sub-paragraph, any renewal of the registration shall be for a period of one year.

19. —(1) Where the registration of a club or institute in Scotland under Part n of this Act has been renewed for a period of two or more years, and is subject to any restriction imposed under paragraph 13 of this Schedule, then, with a view to the cancellation or variation of those restrictions, an application for renewal of the registration may be made in any of those years, notwithstanding that the registration is not due to expire in that year.

(2) On any application made by virtue of this paragraph the registration may be renewed as if it were due to expire at the end of the month of December in that year.

20. Where an application for renewal of the registration of a club or institute in Scotland under Part II of this Act has been duly made, the registration shall not cease to have effect by virtue of paragraph 17 of this Schedule until the sheriff has determined the application.

No appeal against determination of sheriff

21. The determination of the sheriff on an application under this Schedule for registration or renewal or cancellation of registration of a club or institute under Part II of this Act shall be final, and in his determination the sheriff may include such order as to the expenses of the application as he thinks proper.

Payment of fees

22. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Schedule, a club or institute in Scotland shall not be registered under Part II of this Act, and the registration of a club or institute thereunder shall not be renewed, except on payment by the applicant to the sheriff clerk of the fee chargeable in accordance with section 48 of this Act

Relinquishment of registration

23.—(1) A club or institute registered under Part II of this Act may at any time relinquish its registration by notice given to the sheriff clerk by the chairman or secretary of the club or institute; and, where such a notice is given, the registration of the club or institute under Part II of this Act shall thereupon be treated as cancelled.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1649

(2) Where the registration of a club or institute is relinquished Sch. 4 under this paragraph, the sheriff clerk shall give notice of that fact to the Board, the appropriate chief constable and the appropriate collector of duty.

SCHEDULE 5 Section 19.

Procedure for Approval by Board Part I

Issue and Revocation of Certificates of Approval

Issue of certificate

1. Any person may apply to the Board for the issue in respect of him of a certificate under section 19 of this Act, certifying that, in relation to premises specified in the certificate, he has been approved by the Board under that section—

(a) in respect of the performance on those premises of a function

to which subsection (1) of that section applies which is specified in the certificate, or

(b) for acting in relation to those premises in a capacity such as is mentioned in subsection (3) of that section which is so specified

2. Any such application shall specify the premises, and the function to which subsection (1) of section 19 applies, or (as the case may be) the capacity such as is mentioned in subsection (3) of that section, in respect of which the certificate is required.

3. In determining whether to issue a certificate on any such application, the Board shall have regard only to the question whether, in relation to the premises specified in the application, the applicant is a fit and proper person to perform the function or act in the capacity so specified

4. Where on an application under this Schedule it appears to the Board that the applicant requires their approval in respect of performing the function in question on, or acting in the capacity in question in relation to, all or any of a number of premises specified in the application, and the Board determine to give that approval, the Board may, if they think fit, issue to him a single certificate specifying all those premises.

5. Where the Board issue a certificate under that section, it shall continue in force until it is revoked by the Board and that revocation takes effect in accordance with the following provisions of this Schedule.

Revocation of certificate

6. The Board mav at any time revoke any such certificate if it appears to the Board that, in relation to the premises specified in the certificate, the person to whom the certificate relates is not a fit and proper person to perform the function or act in the capacity so specified.

302

1650

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sch. 5

Section 27.

7. Where the Board determine to revoke any such certificate, they shall serve a notice on the person to whom it relates stating that the certificate is revoked as from the aid of the period of twenty-one days from the date of service of the notice; and the revocation shall take effect at the end of that period.

Payment of fees

8. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Schedule, the Board shall not issue a certificate of approval under section 19 of this Act except on payment by the applicant to the Board of the fee chargeable in accordance with section 48 of this Act

Part n Pending Applications

9. Where a person applies to the Board for a certificate under section 19 of this Act, and either—

(a) at the time of that application a certificate issued by the

Board in respect of him (whether in relation to the same premises or not) is in force, or

(b) the certificate is required by reason that a notice has been served on him under subsection (3) of that section and the application is made before the end of the period specified in that notice,

the application shall, until it is determined by the Board, have the same effect for the purposes of that section as if it were a certificate issued by the Board, and for the time being in force, certifying that, in relation to the premises specified in the application, he has been approved by the Board in respect of the performance of the function, or for acting in the capacity, specified in the application.

SCHEDULE 6 Certificates and Permits under Section 27

Issue and renewal of certificates

1.—(1) A certificate may be issued in accordance with the following provisions of this Schedule for the purposes of subsection (1) of section 27 of this Act only, or for the purposes of subsection (5) of that section only, or for the purposes of both those subsections.

(2) In this Schedule "the relevant functions"— id) in relation to an application for the issue or renewal of a certificate for the purposes of subsection (1) of that section only, or to a certificate issued for those purposes, means selling or supplying machines to which Part IU of this Act applies;

(b) in relation to an application for the issue or renewal of a certificate for the purposes of subsection (5) of that section

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1651

only, or to a certificate issued for those purposes, means maintaining the mechanism of such machines; and

(c) in relation to an application for the issue or renewal of a certificate for the purposes of both those subsections, or to a certificate issued for those purposes, means selling or supplying such machines and maintaining their mechanism.

2. In determining whether to issue or renew any such certificate, the Board shall have regard only to the question whether the person applying for it is a fit and proper person to perform the relevant functions.

3. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, any such certificate issued by the Board—

(a) if not renewed, shall cease to have effect at the end of the

period of five years beginning with the date on which it was issued, or

(b) if renewed, shall, unless further renewed, cease to have effect at the end of the period of five years beginning with the date as from which it was renewed or last renewed, as the case may be.

Revocation of certificate

4. The Board may at any time revoke any such certificate if it appears to the Board that the person to whom it relates is not a fit and proper person to perform the relevant functions.

5. Where the Board determine to revoke any such certificate, they shall serve a notice on the person to whom it relates stating that the certificate is revoked as from the end of the period of twenty-one days from the date of service of the notice; and the revocation shall take effect at the end of that period.

Payment of fees

6. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Schedule, the Board shall not issue or renew any such certificate except on payment by the applicant to the Board of the fee chargeable in accordance with section 48 of this Act.

Grant of permits

7. Any application for the grant of a permit for the purposes of subsection (1) or subsection (5) of section 27 of this Act shall specify the machine in respect of which, and the circumstances in which, the permit is required.

8. Any such permit granted by the Board shall specify the machine to which it relates and the period for which the permit is granted; and the permit shall cease to have effect at the end of that period.

303

Sch. 6

1652

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Scel 6

Section 30.

Supplementary provisions

9.—(1) In determining, for the purposes of this Schedule, whether a person is a fit and proper person to perform the relevant functions, where he carries on a business which consists of or includes those functions, regard shall be had in particular to the way in which the business is conducted by him and by any persons employed by him or acting on his behalf in connection with the business.

(2) Without prejudice to the preceding sub-paragraph, for the purposes of this Schedule a person shall not be taken to be a fit and proper person to perform the relevant functions if those functions are, or if the certificate in question were issued or renewed would be, performed by him as servant or agent of, or otherwise for the benefit of, a person who would himself be refused a certificate as not being a fit and proper person to perform those functions.

SCHEDULE 7 Registration under Part m in England and Wales

Introductory

1. Each licensing authority in England or Wales shall, in respect of premises within the area of the authority as mentioned in paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to this Act, be the authority responsible for the registration of clubs and institutes under Part IQ of this Act and for the renewal and cancellation of any such registration.

2. —(1) Paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of this Schedule as if in that paragraph references to a licence under this Act, to premises in respect of winch such a licence is for the time being in force, and to an application relating to such a licence, were references respectively to registration under Part III of this Act, to premises in respect of which a club or institute is for the time being registered under Part IQ of this Act, and to an application relating to such registration.

(2) In this Schedule M institute '* means a miners* welfare institute.

Application for registration

3. —(1) An application for the registration of a club or institute under Part IQ of this Act may be made at any time, and shall be made to the clerk to the licensing authority in such form and manner as may be prescribed.

(2) Any such application shall specify the name, objects and address of the club or institute to which it relates and the premises in respect of which it is proposed that the club or institute should be registered, and shall contain such other particulars as may be prescribed.

(3) Not later than seven days after the date on which the application is made, the applicant shall send a copy of the application to the appropriate officer of police.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1653

Application for renewal of registration

4. —(1) An application for renewal of the registration of a club or institute under Part III of this Act shall be made not earlier than three months and not later than six weeks before the date on which the registration is due to expire, and shall be made to the clerk to the licensing authority in such form and manner as may be prescribed.

(2) The licensing authority may in any particular case entertain an application for renewal of registration under Part m of this Act made after the latest date on which the application could be made in accordance with sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph if—

(a) they are satisfied that the failure to make the application

before that date was due to inadvertence, and

(b) the application is made before the end of such extended period as the licensing authority may in that case allow.

(3) Not later than seven days after the date on which any such application is made, the applicant shall send a copy of the application to the appropriate officer of police.

Proceedings on application for registration or renewal of registration

5. —(1) On any application for the registration, or for renewal of the registration, of a club or institute under Part in of this Act, the licensing authority may register or renew the registration of the club or institute without hearing the applicant if no objection to the registration or renewal of registration has been made by or on behalf of the appropriate officer of police, or if any objection so made has been withdrawn.

(2) Except as provided by the preceding sub-paragraph, on any such application the applicant and the appropriate officer of police shall be entitled to be heard either in person or by counsel or a solicitor.

6. —-<1) A licensing authority may from time to time adjourn the consideration of any application for the registration or for renewal of the registration of a club or institute under Part in of this Act

(2) On the consideration of any such application, a licensing authority may take evidence on oath, and, if die appropriate officer of police has made an objection which has not been withdrawn, may mute such order as they think fit for the payment of costs—

(a) by the applicant to that officer, or

(b) by that officer to the applicant

Grounds for refusal to register or to renew registration

7. The licensing authority shall refuse to register, or to renew the registration of, a club or institute under Part IQ of this Act if it appears to than that the relevant premises are premises which (for whatever purposes) are frequented wholly or mainly by persons under eighteen.

3 0 4

Sch. 7

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

8. The licensing authority may refuse to register or to renew the registration of a club under Part IQ of this Act if it appears to the authority that the club—

(a) is not a bona fide members' club, or

(b) has less than twenty-five members, or

(c) is of a merely temporary character.

9. The licensing authority may refuse to renew the registration of a club or institute under Part UI of this Act on the grounds that a person has been convicted of an offence under this Act in respect of a contravention, in connection with the relevant premises, of any of the provisions of Parts I to UI of this Act or of any regulations made thereunder.

10. The licensing authority may refuse to register a club or institute under Part M of this Act where the club or institute has previously been so registered and either—

(a) its registration has been cancelled, or

(b) an application for renewal of that registration has been refused.

Appeal by applicant

11.—<1) Where on an application under this Schedule the licensing authority refuse to register or renew the registration of a club or institute under Part III of this Act, the clerk to the licensing authority shall forthwith give notice of the decision of the authority to the applicant; and, within fourteen days from the date of service of that notice, the applicant may, by notice to the clerk to the authority, appeal against the decision to a court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction in the authority’s area.

(2) As soon as practicable after receiving notice of appeal against such a decision of the licensing authority, the clerk to the authority shall send the notice to the clerk of the peace together with a statement of the decision against which the appeal is brought and of the name and last-known residence or place of business of the appellant.

(3) On receipt of the notice of appeal, the clerk of the peace shall enter the appeal and give in writing to the appellant, to the appropriate officer of police and to the licensing authority not less than seven days' notice of the date, time and place appointed for the hearing of the appeal.

(4) The court of quarter sessions may by its order allow or dismiss the appeal and may deal with the application as if it had been made to the court of quarter sessions in the first instance; and the judgment of the court of quarter sessions on the appeal shall be final.

(5) A justice shall not act in the hearing or determination of an appeal under this paragraph from any decision in which he took part.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1655

12. Paragraph 30 of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect in relation to appeals under the last preceding paragraph as it has effect in relation to appeals under paragraph 29 of that Schedule.

Cancellation of registration

13. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, an application for cancellation of the registration of a club or institute under Part m of this Act may be made at any time by the appropriate officer of police to the clerk to the licensing authority.

(2) Any such application shall be made in the prescribed form and manner and shall be accompanied by two copies of a statement of the grounds on which the application is made.

14. Where such an application has been made and not withdrawn, the clerk to the licensing authority shall give to the appropriate officer of police and to the chairman or secretary of the club or institute not less than twenty-one days’ notice in writing of the date, time and place appointed for the consideration of the application by the authority, and shall send to the chairman or secretary of the club or institute together with that notice a copy of a statement by the appropriate officer of police of the grounds on which the application is made.

15. At any meeting of the licensing authority to consider such an application, the appropriate officer of police and the chairman or secretary of the club or institute shall be entitled to be heard either in person or by counsel or a solicitor.

16. A licensing authority may from time to time adjourn the consideration of any application for cancellation of the registration of a club or institute under Part IQ of this Act

17. On the consideration of any such application, a licensing authority may take evidence on oath and may make such order as they think fit for the payment of costs—

(a) by the appropriate officer of police to the chairman or

secretary of the club or institute, or

(b) by the chairman or secretary of the club or institute to the appropriate officer of police.

18. On any such application the licensing authority may cancel the registration of the club or institute under Part Q1 of this Act if they are satisfied—

(a) that the relevant premises are frequented wholly or mainly

by persons under eighteen, or

(b) that, in the case of a club, the dub is not a bona fide members' club, or has less than twenty-five members, or is of a merely temporary character, or

(c) that a person has been convicted as mentioned in paragraph 9

of this Schedule,

3 G*

SCH. 7

1656

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

See. 7 (in any such case) that in the circumstances the registration

ought to be cancelled.

19. If on the consideration of any such application the licensing authority decide to cancel the registration, the cancellation—

(a) shall not take effect until the time within which die chairman or secretary of the club or institute can appeal against that decision has expired, and

(b) if he so appeals, shall not take effect until the appeal has been determined or abandoned.

20. —(1) Where on any such application the licensing authority decide to cancel the registration, the clerk to the licensing authority shall forthwith give notice of the decision to the chairman or secretary of the club or institute; and, within fourteen days from the date of service of that notice, die chairman or secretary may, by nodee to the clerk to the licensing authority, appeal against the decision to a court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction in the authority’s area.

(2) Sub-paragraphs (2) to (5) of paragraph 11 of this Schedule, and the provisions applied by paragraph 12 of this Schedule, shall have effect in relation to cancellation of the registration of a club or institute under Part in of this Act as they have effect in relation to refusal to register a club or institute.

Issue and duration of registration certificate

21. Where on an application under this Schedule a club or institute is registered, or the registration of a club or institute is renewed, under Part III of this Act, the licensing authority shall issue to the applicant a certificate to that effect, which shall be in the prescribed form.

22. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, and without prejudice to die provisions of this Schedule as to cancellation, the registration of a club or institute under Part HI of this Act—

(a) if not renewed, shall cease to have effect at the end of the

period of five years beginning with the date of registration, or

(b) if renewed, shall, unless further renewed, cease to have effect at the end of the period of five years beginning with the date on which it was renewed or last renewed, as the case may be.

23. —(1) Where an application for renewal of the registration of a club or institute under Part in of this Act has been duly made, the registration shall not cease to have effect by virtue of the last preceding paragraph until the licensing authority have determined the application.

(2) Where, on such an application, the licensing authority refuse to renew the registration, it shall not cease to have effect by virtue of the last preceding paragraph before the time within which the applicant can appeal against the refusal has expired, and, if he so appeals, shall not cease to have effect by virtue of that paragraph until the appeal has been determined or abandoned.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1657

Payment of fees Sen. 7

24. Notwithstanding anything in die preceding provisions of this Schedule, a club or institute shall not be registered under Part IQ of this Act, and the registration of a club or institute thereunder shall not be renewed, except on payment by the applicant to the clerk to the licensing authority of the fee chargeable in accordance with section 48 of this Act.

Relinquishment of registration

25. —(1) A club or institute registered under Part QI of this Act may at any time relinquish its registration by notice given to the clerk to the licensing authority by the chairman or secretary of the club or institute; and, where such a notice is given, the registration of the club or institute under Part QI of this Act shall thereupon be treated as cancelled.

(2) Where the registration of a club or institute is relinquished under this paragraph, the clerk to the licensing authority shall give notice of that fact to the appropriate officer of police.

SCHEDULE 8 Section 30.

Registration under Part QI in Scotland

1. The sheriff shall, in respect of premises in Scotland within his jurisdiction, be the authority responsible for the registration of clubs and institutes under Part QI of this Act and for the renewal and cancellation of any such registration.

2. —(1) Any provision of Schedule 7 to this Act containing a reference to the licensing authority, the clerk to the licensing authority and the appropriate officer of police shall, when applied by any provision of this Schedule, be construed respectively as a reference to the sheriff, the sheriff clerk and the chief constable for the police area in which the relevant premises are situated.

(2) In this Schedule—

" institute " means a miners* welfare institute;

" the relevant premises *, in relation to registration under Part QE of this Act or to an application relating to such registration, means the premises in respect of which a club or institute is for the time being registered under that Part or the premises to which the application relates, as the case may be.

3. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, paragraphs 3 to 5. 7 to 10, 13 to 15, 18. 21, 22, 23(1), 24 and 25 of Schedule 7 to this Act shall apply to Scotland as they apply to England or Wales, but as if, in paragraph 15, for the words from the beginning to "application* there were substituted the words "On the consideration of the application by the sheriff *.

4. The determination of the sheriff on an application under this Schedule for registration or renewal or cancellation of registration of a club or institute under Part UI of this Act shall be final, and in his determination the sheriff may include such order as to the expenses of the application as he thinks proper.

3 0*2

1658

Ch. 65

Gaming A 1968

Section 34.

1964 c. 26.

1959 c. 51.

SCHEDULE 9 Permits under section 34

Authority responsible for grant and renewal of permits

1. In this Schedule "the appropriate authority'*—

(a) in relation to any premises in England or Wales in respect

of which a justices* on-licence (other than a Part IV licence) is for the time being in force, and in relation to any premises in the district specified in Part I of Schedule 9 to the Licensing Act 1964 (the Carlisle district) which are for the time being used for the sale on behalf of the Secretary of State of intoxicating liquor for consumption on the premises, means the licensing justices for the licensing district in which die premises are situated;

(b) in relation to any other premises in England or Wales, means the council of the county borough, London borough or county district in which the premises are situated, or, where the premises are in the City of London, means the Common Council of the City;

(c) in relation to any premises in Scotland in respect of which

a hotel certificate or a public house certificate is for the time being in force, and in relation to any premises in a district specified in Part I of Schedule 8 to the Licensing (Scotland) Act 1959 (State management districts) which are for the time being used for the sale on behalf of the Secretary of State of exciseable liquor for consumption on the premises, means the licensing court for the licensing area in which the premises are situated;

(d) in relation to any other premises in Scotland, where they are situated in a burgh, means the council of the burgh, and in any other case means the council of the county in which the premises are situated,

and " permit * means a permit under section 34 of this Act

2. Where the premises are in Scotland and are situated in a district the appropriate authority shall on each occasion consult the council of the district before performing any functions under this Schedule.

Resolution by local authority as to grant or renewal of permits

3. Any such council as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (b) or sub-paragraph (d) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule (in this Schedule referred to as a 44 local authority ’*) may pass any of the following resolutions, that is to say—

(a) that (subject to paragraph 4 of this Schedule) the authority

will not grant any permits in respect of premises of a class specified in the resolution;

(b) that (subject to paragraph 4 of this Schedule) the authority will neither grant nor renew any permit in respect of premises of a class specified in the resolution;

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1659

(c) that (subject to paragraph 4 of this Schedule) where the authority grant or renew a permit in respect of any premises, or in respect of premises of a class specified in the resolution, they will grant or renew it subject to a condition limiting the number of machines to which Part III of this Act applies which may be made available for gaming on the premises so as not to exceed such number as may be specified in the resolution.

4.—(1) No resolution under paragraph 3 of this Schedule shall have effect in relation to the grant or renewal of permits in respect of premises to which this paragraph applies.

(2) This paragraph applies to any premises used or to be used wholly or mainly for the provision of amusements by means of machines to which Part IQ of this Act applies.

Application for grant or renewal of permit

5. —(1) An application for the grant of a permit in respect of any premises may be made as follows, that is to say—

(a) by the holder of the licence or certificate, or (as the case may

be) by the Secretary of State, in the case of any such premises as are mentioned in sub-paragraph fa) or sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, and

(b) in any other case, by the person who is, or by any person who proposes if the permit is granted to become, the occupier of the premises.

(2) The holder of a permit may apply from time to time for the renewal of the permit

6. The appropriate authority shall not refuse to grant or renew a permit without affording to the applicant or a person acting for him an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, the appropriate authority or (where that authority is a local authority) a committee of the local authority.

Grounds for refusal to grant or renew permit

7. Where an application for the grant or renewal of a permit is made to a local authority, then if—

(a) there is for the time being in force a resolution passed by

that authority as mentioned in sub-paragraph (a) or sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph 3 of this Schedule which is applicable to the premises to which the application relates, and

(b) the permit could not be granted or renewed without contravening that resolution,

it shall be the duty of the authority to refuse to grant or renew the permit

8.—(1) In the case of premises to which paragraph 4 of this Schedule applies—

(a) the grant of a permit shall be at the discretion of the appropriate authority; but

3 G* 3

Sea. 9

Ch.

Gaming Act 1968

(b) the appropriate authority shall not refuse to renew a permit except either on the grounds that they or their authorised representatives have been refused reasonable facilities to inspect the premises or by reason of the conditions or manner in which machines to which Part m of this Act applies have been used on the premises, or any other amusements have been provided or conducted on the premises, while the permit has been in force.

(2) In the case of premises other than premises to which paragraph 4 of this Schedule applies, the grant or renewal of a permit shall (subject to paragraph 7 of this Schedule) be at the discretion of the appropriate authority; and in particular, and without prejudice to the generality of that discretion, the appropriate authority may refuse to grant or renew any such permit on the grounds that, by reason of the purposes for which, or the persons by whom, or any circumstances in which, the premises are or are to be used, it is undesirable that machines to which Part III of this Act applies should be used for providing amusements on those premises.

(3) The preceding provisions of this paragraph shall have effect subject to section 34(7) of this Act.

Condition imposed on grant or renewal of permit

9. Where an application for the grant or renewal of a permit is made to a local authority, and there is for the time being in force a resolution passed by that authority as mentioned in sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph 3 of this Schedule which is applicable to the premises to which the application relates, then, if the authority grant or renew the permit, it shall be their duty to do so subject to a condition limiting the number of machines to which Part III of this Act applies which may be made available for gaming on the premises to such number, not exceeding the number specified in the resolution, as the authority may determine.

10. Subject to paragraph 9 of this Schedule, on granting or renewing a permit in respect of any premises, other than premises to which paragraph 4 of this Schedule applies, the appropriate authority may grant or renew it subject to a condition limiting the number of machines to which Part III of this Act applies which may be made available for gaming on the premises to such number as the authority may determine.

Appeal in England or Wales against decision of appropriate

authority

11. —(1) Where on an application under this Schedule in England or Wales the appropriate authority refuse to grant or renew a permit, or grant or renew it subject to a condition, the authority shall forthwith give to the applicant notice of their decision and of the grounds on which it is made.

(2) Where such a notice has been given, the applicant may, by notice to the clerk to the appropriate authority, appeal against the decision to a court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction in the authority’s area.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1661

(3) As soon as practicable after receiving notice of appeal against Sch. 9 a decision of the appropriate authority, the clerk to the authority

shall send the notice to the clerk of the peace together with a statement of the decision against which the appeal is brought and of the name and last-known residence or place of business of the appellant

(4) On receipt of the notice of appeal, the clerk of the peace shall enter the appeal and give to the appellant and to the appropriate authority not less than seven days' notice in writing of the date, time and place appointed for the hearing of the appeal.

(5) A justice shall not act in the hearing or determination of an appeal under this paragraph from any decision in which he took part

12. —(1) Where the appeal is an appeal against a decision of a local authority refusing to grant or renew a permit, the court of quarter sessions shall not allow the appeal if satisfied that, by virtue of paragraph 7 of this Schedule, it was the duty of the authority to refuse to grant or renew the permit

(2) Where the appeal is against a decision of a local authority to grant or renew a permit subject to a condition, and the court of quarter sessions is satisfied that by virtue of paragraph 9 of this Schedule, it was the duty of the authority to grant or renew the permit subject to such a condition as is mentioned in that paragraph, the court shall not reverse or vary the decision so as—

(a) to grant or renew the permit unconditionally, or (b) to grant or renew the permit subject to a condition limiting the number of machines to which Part in of this Act applies which may be made available for gaming on the premises to a number exceeding the number specified in the resolution of the local authority.

13. Subject to paragraph 12 of this Schedule, on any appeal under paragraph 11 of this Schedule the court of quarter sessions may by its order allow or dismiss the appeal, or reverse or vary any part of the decision of the appropriate authority, and may deal with the application as if it had been made to the court of quarter sessions in the first instance; and the judgment of the court of quarter sessions on the appeal shall be final.

14. —(1) On determining any appeal under paragraph 11 of this Schedule, or on being satisfied that the appellant, after giving notice of such an appeal, has failed to prosecute it, the court of quarter sessions may make such order as it thinks fit for the payment of costs by or to the appellant or the appropriate authority.

(2) Where the appropriate authority is the licensing justices for a licensing district, and the court of quarter sessions—

(a) has allowed such an appeal, or

(b) has awarded the licensing justices any costs under the preceding sub-paragraph and is satisfied that the licensing justices cannot recover those costs.

the court shall order payment out of local funds of such sums as appear to the court sufficient to indemnify the licensing justices from

3 G* 4

1662

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sea. 9

1952 c. 48.

all costs and charges whatever to which they have been put in consequence of the appellant’s having served notice of appeal.

(3) Costs payable out of local funds under this paragraph—

(a) if the licensing district is a borough having a separate court

of quarter sessions, shall be paid out of the general rate fund of the borough; and

(b) in any other case, shall be paid out of the county fund of the county in which the licensing district is situated.

(4) Sections 8(1) and 11(1) of the Costs in Criminal Cases Act 1952 (which make provision for payment out of local funds of costs ordered to be paid under that Act) shall apply to costs ordered to be paid under this paragraph as if any reference in those provisions to a county borough were a reference to a borough having a separate court of quarter sessions.

(5) An order of a court of quarter sessions under this paragraph may be made either at the sessions at which the appeal is heard, or at which it would have been heard if the appeal had been prosecuted. or at the next following sessions; and the costs may be taxed either in or out of sessions.

Appeal in Scotland against decision of appropriate authority

15. Where on an application under this Schedule in Scotland the appropriate authority refuse to grant or renew a permit, or grant or renew it subject to a condition, the authority shall forthwith give to the applicant notice of their decision and of the grounds on which it is made; and the applicant may, within such time, and in accordance with such rules, as may be prescribed by the Court of Session by Act of Sederunt, appeal against the decision to the sheriff having jurisdiction in the authority's area.

16. Paragraph 12 of this Schedule shall apply to an appeal under the last foregoing paragraph except that for any reference to the court of quarter sessions there shall be substituted a reference to the sheriff.

17. —(1) Subject to paragraph 16 of this Schedule, on any appeal under paragraph 15 of this Schedule the sheriff may allow or dismiss the appeal, or reverse or vary any part of the decision of the appropriate authority, and may deal with the application as if it had been made to the sheriff in the first instance.

(2) The decision of the sheriff on the appeal shall be final and may include such order as to the expenses of the appeal as he thinks proper.

Duration of permit

18. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, and without prejudice to the cancellation of any permit under section 39 of this Act a permit—

(a) if not renewed, shall cease to have effect on such date, not being less than three years beginning with the date on which it was granted, as may be specified in the permit, or

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1663

(6) if renewed, shall, unless further renewed, cease to have effect Sea. 9 on such date, not being less than three years beginning with the date on which it was renewed or last renewed, as the case may be, as may be specified in the decision to renew it

19. —(1) Where an application for the renewal of a permit is made not less than one month before the date on which it is due to expire, the permit shall not cease to have effect by virtue of the last preceding paragraph before the appropriate authority have determined the application or the application has been withdrawn.

(2) Where, on such an application, the appropriate authority refuse to renew the permit, it shall not cease to have effect by virtue of the last preceding paragraph before the time within which the applicant can appeal against the refusal has expired, and, if he so appeals, shall not cease to have effect by virtue of that paragraph until the appeal has been determined or abandoned.

20. —(1) A permit shall not be transferable, and, subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, shall cease to have effeef if—

(a) in the case of premises falling within sub-paragraph (a) or sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, the holder of the permit (not being the Secretary of State) ceases to be the holder of the licence or certificate in respect of the premises, or

(b) in the case of any other premises, the holder of the permit ceases to be the occupier of the premises.

(2) If the holder of a permit (not being the Secretary of State) dies while the permit is in force—

(a) the permit shall not cease to have effect by virtue of paragraph 18 of this Schedule or by virtue of the preceding sub-paragraph before the end of the period of six months beginning with the date of his death, and (b) except for the purposes of a renewal of the permit, his personal representatives shall be deemed to be the holder of the permit;

and the appropriate authority may from time to time, on the application of those personal representatives, extend or further extend the period for which the permit continues to have effect by virtue of this sub-paragraph if satisfied that the extension is necessary for the purpose of winding up the estate of the deceased and that no other circumstances make it undesirable.

Payment of fees

21. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Schedule, no permit shall be granted or renewed except on payment by the applicant to the appropriate authority or their clerk of the fee chargeable in accordance with section 48 of this Act.

Supplementary provisions

22. The grant or renewal of a permit shall not be invalidated by any failure to comply with any requirement of paragraph 7 or paragraph 9 of this Schedule; and any duty of a local authority to

1664

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sch. 9

1964 c. 26. 1959 c. 51.

Section 49.

comply with such a requirement shall not be enforceable by any legal proceedings.

23. In this Schedule "justices* on-licence*, "Part IV licence*, and " licensing district *’ have the same meanings as in the Licensing Act 1964, and "hotel certificate*, "public house certificate* and " licensing area * have the same meanings as in the Licensing (Scotland) Act 1959.

SCHEDULE 10

Provision of Information by Licensing Authorities and Sheriff Clerks

1. The clerk to each licensing authority shall keep in the prescribed form registers containing such particulars as may be prescribed with respect to the grant, renewal, cancellation and transfer by the licensing authority of licences under this Act

2. The clerk to each licensing authority in England or Wales and each sheriff clerk in Scotland shall keep in the prescribed form registers containing such particulars as may be prescribed with respect to the registration by die authority or sheriff of clubs and miners* welfare institutes under Part II or Part III of this Act, and of the renewal and cancellation by the authority or sheriff of any such registration.

3. Each licensing authority shall permit any constable, and any other person on payment of the prescribed fee. to inspect at any reasonable time any register kept by the authority under paragraph 1 or (in England or Wales) under paragraph 2 of this Schedule.

4. Any constable, and any other person on payment of the prescribed fee, may inspect at any reasonable time any register kept by the sheriff clerk under paragraph 2 of this Schedule.

5. —(1) The clerk to each licensing authority shall send to the Board such particulars as may be prescribed with respect to matters in relation to which the authority are required to keep registers under paragraph 1, or in England or Wales under paragraphs 1 and 2, of this Schedule.

(2) Each sheriff clerk shall send to the Board such particulars as may be prescribed with respect to matters in relation to which he is required to keep registers under paragraph 2 of this Schedule.

6. The Board may request a licensing authority to send to the Board a statement setting out any particulars notified to the licensing authority under section 14(4) of this Act during a period specified in the request, and the licensing authority shall comply with any such request.

7. Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this Schedule, the clerk to each licensing authority, and each sheriff cleric, on being requested by die Board to do so, shall compile from such information as is for the time being in his possession, and shall

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1665

furnish the Board with, such statistics as the Board may from time Sch. 10 to time require for the purpose of assisting the Board in the performance of their functions, and in particular their functions under section 10(3), of this Act

SCHEDULE 11 Section 53. Minor and Consequential Amendments Part I Amendments of Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 1963 c. 2.

Section of Act Amendment

Section 40 ... For the words " this Part of this Act * there shall

Section 41 be substituted the wofds "the Gaming Act 1968 ", and for the words " section 35 of this Act" there shall be substituted the words "section 6 of that Act". ... After the word "lotteries " there shall be inserted the words " which do not constitute gaming

Section 42 ... In subsection (2)(6), for the words from "was also" onwards there shall be substituted the words "was not promoted wholly or partly outside Great Britain and constituted gaming as well as a lottery ".

Section 48 ... From the words from the beginning of subsection (1) to the words " but for this subsection * in subsection (2) there shall be substituted the following:— " (1) This section applies to the provision, at any entertainment to which section 43 of this Act applies, of any amusement with prizes which constitutes a lottery or gaming or both but does not constitute— (a) gaming to which Part U of the Gaming Act 1968 applies, or (b) gaming by means of a machine to which Part HI of that Act applies. (2) Where any such amusement constitutes a lottery, nothing in section 41 or section 42 of this Act shall apply to it. (3) In relation to any such amusement (whether it constitutes a lottery or not)." In subsection (3X6), for the word "subsection" there shall be substituted the word "section ", and for the words "section 37 of this Act" there shall be substituted the words " section 33 or section 41 of the Gaming Act 1968 ".

1666

SCH. 11

Ch. 65 Gaming Act 1968

Section of Act Amendment

Section 49 ... In subsection (1), for the words from the beginning

of paragraph (a) to " (b) " there shall be substituted the words "where those amusements constitute a lottery or gaming or both but do not constitute gaming to which Part II of the Gaming Act 1968 applies or gaming by means of a machine to which Part IQ of that Act applies, and they are provided—

(a) on any premises in respect of which a permit under this section has been granted in accordance with Schedule 6 to this Act and is for the time being in force, or

(b) on any premises used mainly for the pur-

poses of amusements by means of such machines, being premises in respect of which a permit granted under section 34 of the Gaming Act 1968 is for the time being in force, or

(c) ".

In subsection (2), for the words from the beginning of the subsection to the words "but for this subsection " there shall be substituted the following:—

" (2) Nothing in section 41 or section 42 of this Act shall apply in relation to amusements falling within subsection (1) of this section; but in relation to any such amusement ".

In subsection (3X«), for the words " subsection

(l)(h) " there shall be substituted the words "subsection (lXc)M.

After subsection (3) there shall be inserted the following subsections:—

" (3A) The court by or before which the holder of a permit under this section is convicted of an offence under this section in connection with the premises to which the permit relates may, if the court thinks fit, order that the permit shall be forfeited and cancelled: and subsections (2) and (3) of section 11 of this Act shall apply to an order under this subsection as they apply to an order under subsection (1) of that section.

(3B) No permit under this section shall be granted in respect of any premises where a licence under the Gaming Act 1968 is for the time being in force in respect of them or where a club or a miners’ welfare institute is for the time being registered in respect of them under Part II of that Act; and, where such a licence is granted or a club or a miners*

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1667

Section of Act Section 49 (cont.)

Section 54

Section 55

Amendment

welfare institute is so registered in respect of any premises, and a permit under this section is then in force in respect of those premises, the permit shall thereupon cease to have effect.

(3C) The Secretary of State may by order direct that any provision of this section which is specified in the order and which specifies a sum shall have effect as if, for that sum, there were substituted such other sum as may be specified in the order.

(3D) Any power to make an order under this section shall include power to vary or revoke the order by a subsequent order, and shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and any statutory instrument containing any such order shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament."

In subsection (1), for the words 44 section 33, 37,

43 or 48 of this Act " there shall be substituted the words 44 section 43 or section 48 of this Act or section 33 or section 41 of the Gaming Act 1968

In subsection (2), for the words44 the said sections 33, 37 and 48* there shall be substituted the words 44 section 48 of this Act or section 33 or section 41 of that Act "; for the words44 gaming machine within the meaning of the said section 33 " there shall be substituted the words

44 machine to which Part HI of that Act applies and for the words 44 the said section 37 or 48 " there shall be substituted the words 44 any of those sections

In subsection (1), after the definition of44 approved horse racecourse" there shall be inserted the following definition, namely, 44 4 bet * does not include any bet made or stake hazarded in the course of, or incidentally to, any gaming ", and for the definitions of 44 game of chance " and 44 gaming " there shall be substituted the words 44 4 game of chance * and 4 gaming * have the same meanings as in the Gaming Act 1968 ".

SCH. 11

Part n

Schedule substituted for Schedule 6 to Act of 1963 Permits under section 49 Authority responsible for grant and renewal of permits

1.—(1) In this Schedule 44the Gaming Act Schedule" means Schedule 9 to the Gaming Act 1968 (which relates to permits under

1668

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sgh. 11 section 34 of that Act), " the appropriate authority " has the meaning assigned to it by paragraph 1 of that Schedule, and M local authority " has the meaning assigned to it by paragraph 3 of that Schedule.

(2) In this Schedule, and in any provisions of the Gaming Act Schedule as applied by this Schedule. Mpermit* means a permit under section 49 of this Act

2. Paragraph 2 of the Gaming Act Schedule shall have effect for the purposes of this Schedule.

Resolution by local authority as to grant or renewal of permits

3. Any local authority may pass either of the following resolutions, that is to say—

(a) that (subject to paragraph 4 of this Schedule) the authority will not grant any permits in respect of premises of a class specified in the resolution;

(b) that (subject to paragraph 4 of this Schedule) the authority will neither grant nor renew any permit in respect of premises of a class specified in the resolution.

4. —(1) No resolution under paragraph 3 of this Schedule shall have effect in relation to the grant or renewal of permits in respect of premises to which this paragraph applies.

(2) This paragraph applies to any premises used or to be used wholly or mainly for the purposes of a pleasure fair consisting wholly or mainly of amusements.

Application for grant or renewal of permit

5. Paragraphs 5 and 6 of the Gaming Act Schedule shall have effect for the purposes of this Schedule.

Grounds for refusal to grant or renew permit

6. Where an application for the grant or renewal of a permit is made to a local authority, then if—

(a) there is for the time being in force a resolution passed by that authority in accordance with paragraph 3 of this Schedule which is applicable to the premises to which the application relates, and

(b) the permit could not be granted or renewed without contravening that resolution,

it shall be the duty of the authority to refuse to grant or renew the permit

7. —(1) In the case of premises to which paragraph 4 of this Schedule applies—

(a) the grant of a permit shall be at the discretion of the appropriate authority; but

(b) the appropriate authority shall not refuse to renew a permit except either on the grounds that they or their authorised representatives have been refused reasonable facilities to inspect the premises or by reason of the conditions in which amusements with prizes have been provided on the premises.

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1669

or the maimer in which any such amusements have been conducted, while the permit has been in force.

(2) In the case of premises other than premises to which paragraph 4 of this Schedule applies, the grant or renewal of a permit shall (subject to paragraph 6 of this Schedule) be at the discretion of the appropriate authority; and in particular, and without prejudice to the generality of that discretion, the appropriate authority may refuse to grant or renew any such permit on the grounds that, by reason of the purposes for which, or the persons by whom, or any circumstances in which, the premises are or are to be used, it is undesirable that amusements with prizes should be provided on those premises.

(3) The preceding provisions of this paragraph shall have effect subject to section 49(3B) of this Act

(4) In this paragraph any reference to amusements with prizes includes any amusements provided by means of a machine to which Part m of the Gaming Act 1968 applies.

Appeal in England or Wales against decision of appropriate

authority

8. Paragraph 11 of the Gaming Act Schedule shall have effect for the purposes of this Schedule.

9. The court of quarter sessions shall not allow an appeal under this Schedule if satisfied that by virtue of paragraph 6 of this Schedule, it was the duty of the appropriate authority to refuse to grant or renew the permit

10. Subject to paragraph 9 of this Schedule, on any such appeal the court of quarter sessions may by its order allow or dismiss the appeal, or reverse or vary any part of the decision of the appropriate authority, and may deal with the application as if it had been made to the court of quarter sessions in the first instance; and the judgment of the court of quarter sessions on the appeal shall be final.

11. Paragraph 14 of the Gaming Act Schedule shall have effect for the purposes of this Schedule.

Appeal in Scotland against decision of appropriate authority

12. Paragraph 15 of the Gaming Act Schedule shall have effect for the purposes of this Schedule.

13. The sheriff shall not allow an appeal under this Schedule if satisfied that, by virtue of paragraph 6 of this Schedule, it was the duty of the appropriate authority to refuse to grant or renew the permit

14. —(1) Subject to paragraph 13 of this Schedule, on any such appeal the sheriff may either allow or dismiss the appeal, or reverse or vary any part of the decision of the appropriate authority, and may deal with the application as if it had been made to him in the first instance.

(2) The decision of the sheriff on the appeal shall be final and may include such order as to the expenses of the appeal as he thinks proper.

SCH. 11

1670

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Sea. 11

Duration of permit

15. Paragraphs 18 to 20 of the Gaming Act Schedule shall have effect for the purposes of this Schedule, with the substitution, for the reference in paragraph 18 of that Schedule to section 39 of that Act. of a reference to section 49 of this Act

Payment of fees

16. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Schedule, no permit shall be granted or renewed except on payment by the applicant to the appropriate authority or their clerk of a fee of twenty-five shillings.

Supplementary provisions

17. The grant or renewal of a permit shall not be invalidated by any failure to comply with paragraph 6 of this Schedule; and any duty of a local authority to comply with that paragraph shall not be enforceable by any legal proceedings.

Part in

Amendments of other Enactments

Enactment

Amendment

The Licensing (Scotland) Act 1959 (1959 c. 51).

The Betting Duties Act 1963 (1963 c. 3).

The Licensing Act 1964 (1964 c. 26).

In Schedule 2—

(a) in the form of certificate for a hotel, in

condition (11) for the words from " Part II " to the end there shall be substituted the words "the Gaming Act 1968 is committed or a requirement or restriction for the time being in force under section 6 of that Act is contravened; " and

(b) in the form of certificate for a public

house, in condition (12) for the words from " Part II " to the end there shall be substituted the words " the Gaming Act 1968 is committed or a requirement or restriction for the time being in force under section 6 of that Act is contravened; ".

In section 3(6), for the words from " or stake " onwards there shall be substituted the words " made or stake hazarded in the course of, or incidentally to, any gaming

In section 177, for the words "Part II of the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 " there shall be substituted the words "the Gaming Act 1968 "; and for the words " section 35 " there shall be substituted the words " section 6

In section 202(1 )(b)for the words " section 35 of the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 " there shall be substituted the words " section 6 of the Gaming Act 1968 ".

Gaming Act 1968

Ch. 65

1671

Enactment

The Finance Act 1966 (1966 c. 18).

Amendment Sch. 1

In section 13(4), in paragraph (6), for the words from " earned on " onwards there shall be substituted the words " which constitutes the provision of amusements with prizes to which section 48 of the Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963 applies, where the conditions applicable in accordance with the provisions of that section are observed, or constitutes the provision of amusements with prizes in the circumstances specified in subsection (1) of section 49 of that Act, where the conditions applicable in accordance with the provisions of that section are observed and in paragraph (c), for the words from "in such circumstances*' onwards there shall be substituted the words "which constitutes gaming to which section 41 of the Gaming Act 1968 applies, where the conditions applicable in accordance with the provisions of that section are observed

In section 14(2), for paragraphs (a) and there shall be substituted the words "any gaming machine on those premises is there—

(a) for the purposes only of an entertainment to which section 33 of the Gaming Act 1968 applies, or

(b) in the circumstances specified in any of paragraphs (a) to (d) of subsection (1) of section 34 of that Act,

and (in either case) the conditions specified in subsections (2) to (4) of section 34 of that Act, or those subsections as modified by any order made under subsection (9) of that section, are observed; and no such licence shall be required for a gaming machine which is on the premises for the purpose only of being used as mentioned in section 52(5) of the Gaming Act 1968

In section 15(6), before the words "betting agency permit" there shall be inserted the word "bet", the definitions of " gaming * and " gaming machine '* shall be omitted, and the following definitions shall be inserted at the appropriate point in alphabetical order:—

" * gaming * has the same meaning as in the Gaming Act 1968;

gaming machine' means a machine to which Part III of the Gaming Act 1968 applies *’.

1672

Ch. 65

Gaming Act 1968

Section 53.

SCHEDULE 12

Enactments Repealed

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1963 c. 2. The Betting, Gaming and Sections 32 to 39.

Lotteries Act 1963. Section 49(4). Section 50.

1964 c. 78. The Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1964. The whole Act.

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968

Ch. 66

1673

ELIZABETH H

1968 CHAPTER 66

An Act to amend Part I of the Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1956 and to make further provision as to agreements conflicting with Free Trade agreements.

[25th October, 1968]

Be rr enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) If it appears to the Board of Trade, on consideration Exemption of an agreement proposed to be made by any parties, that the fro™toti conditions set out in subsection (2) of this section are complied J^rtahS"1 with in respect of the proposed agreement, they may, by order agreements of made on or before the conclusion of the agreement, approve importance the agreement for the purposes of this section; and any agree-to the national ment so approved shall be exempt from registration under Part cconomy*

I of the Act of 1956 during the continuance in force of the order.

(2) The conditions for the making of an order under subsection (1) of this section in respect of an agreement (in this section referred to as the conditions of exemption) are—

(a) that the agreement is calculated to promote the carrying out of an industrial or commercial project or scheme of substantial importance to the national economy;

(b) that its object or main object is to promote efficiency in a trade or industry or to create or improve productive capacity in an industry;

(c) that that object cannot be achieved or achieved within a reasonable time except by means of the agreement or of an agreement for similar purposes;

(d) that no relevant restrictions are accepted under the agreement other than such as are reasonably necessary to achieve that object; and

1674

Ch. 66

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968

Exemption

from

registration of agreements holding down prices.

(e) that the agreement is on balance expedient in the national interest; and in considering the national interest for the purposes of paragraph (e) of this subsection the Board shall take into account any effects which an agreement is likely to have on persons not parties thereto as purchasers, consumers or users of any relevant goods.

(3) An order under this section shall continue in force for such period as may be specified therein, which may be extended by subsequent order of the Board: but the period so specified or extended shall not exceed the period which appears to the Board sufficient for the purposes for which the order was made.

(4) An order under this section approving an agreement may be revoked by order of the Board at any time after the expiration of one year from the day on which the first-mentioned order was made if it appears to them—

(a) that the object or main object of the agreement has

not been or is not likely to be achieved, or that any other condition of exemption is no longer satisfied in respect of the agreement; or

(b) that the agreement is used for purposes other than

those for which it was approved, and may be so revoked at any time if the Board become aware of circumstances by reason of which, if known to them at the material time, the agreement would not have been approved; but no order revoking an order under this section approving an agreement shall be made by the Board by virtue of paragraph

(a) or (h) of this subsection unless the Board have given to each of the parties at least twenty-eight days' notice of their intention to revoke the order.

(5) The Board shall lay before each House of Parliament a copy of any order made under this section and of the agreement to which the order relates, and make available for public inspection a copy of any such agreement:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to an agreement which varies an agreement previously approved under this section, or an order approving such an agreement, if in the opinion of the Board the variation does not substantially affect the operation of restrictions accepted under the agreement previously approved.

2.—(1) A competent authority may by order approve for the purposes of this section any agreement made at the request of the competent authority, or any term included at their request in any agreement, being an agreement or term which relates exclusively to the prices to be charged in connection with transactions of any description and is designed either to prevent or restrict increases or to secure reductions in those prices.

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 196

Ch. 66

1675

(2) Where an agreement is approved by order under this section, the agreement shall be exempt from registration under Part I of the Act of 1956 during the continuance in force of the order; and where a term of an agreement is so approved, that term, and any restrictions accepted thereunder, shall during the continuance in force of the order be disregarded for all purposes in determining whether the said Part I applies to the agreement

(3) An order under this section shall continue in force for such period as may be specified therein, which may be extended by subsequent order of the competent authority: but the period so specified shall not exceed two years, and shall not be extended by more than two years at a time.

(4) An order under this section may at any time be revoked by order of the competent authority if it appears to that authority that the relevant agreement or term is used for purposes other than those for which it was approved.

(5) A competent authority shall make available for public inspection a copy of any agreement or term of an agreement approved by order under this section.

(6) This section applies to agreements made before as well as after the commencement of this Act.

(7) The competent authorities for the purposes of this section are the Board of Trade, the Secretary of State, the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, the Minister of Health, the Minister of Power, the Minister of Public Building and Works and die Minister of Technology.

3.—(1) Sections 1 and 2 of this Act shall apply, with the Supplementary necessary modifications, in relation to any recommendation provisions as made by or on behalf of a trade association as they apply int0 exempted relation to an agreement; and where any such recommenda-agreements‘ tion is approved by order under either of those sections, subsection (7) of section 6 of the Act of 1956 (application of Part I to agreements for the constitution of associations in consequence of recommendations) shall not apply in relation to die recommendation during the continuance in force of the order.

(2) In the case of an order under section 1 of this Act approving a recommendation made by or on behalf of a trade association. the requirement of subsection (4) of that section as to the giving of notice of intention to revoke the order shall be treated as a requirement to give such notice as is there mentioned to the association; and any notice under that subsection which is required to be given to a trade association or to each of the members of a trade association shall be treated as duly so given if it is given either to the association or to the secretary, manager or other similar officer of the association.

1676

Ch. 66

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968

(3) An order under section 1 or section 2 of this Act made before the conclusion of the agreement or issue of the recommendation to which it relates may be made subject to conditions as to the time within which the agreement is to be concluded or the recommendation issued, and as to the furnishing of copies of the agreement or recommendation to the Board of Trade or other competent authority.

(4) There may be omitted from the copies of any agreement, term of an agreement or recommendation to be laid before Parliament under section 1 of this Act, and to be made available for public inspection under that section or under section 2 of this Act, any such particulars as would, in the opinion of the Board of Trade or other competent authority, fall to be entered in the special section of the register referred to in subsection (3) of section 11 of the Act of 1956 if the relevant agreement were subject to registration under Part I of that Act

(5) If any agreement term of an agreement or recommendation approved by order under section 1 or section 2 of this Act is subsequently varied, the order shall cease to have effect unless the variation is also approved by order under the said section 1 or the said section 2, as the case may be; and a variation may be so approved if (and only if) the agreement term or recommendation could be so approved as varied.

(6) The approval by order under section 1 or section 2 of this Act of an agreement or recommendation made by or on behalf of a trade association shall not be affected by any change in the persons who are members of the association or are represented on the association by such members, but without prejudice to the power of the Board of Trade or other competent authority to revoke the order under the said section 1 or section 2.

(7) No order made by the Court in proceedings under Part I of the Act of 1956 for restraining any person from making an agreement or recommendation, and no corresponding undertaking given to the Court in such proceedings, shall be construed as extending to an agreement or recommendation which is exempt from registration by virtue of an order under section 1 or section 2 of this Act.

Agreements 4.—(1) The following shall be substituted for subsection (3)

to comply with Qf section 7 of the Act of 1956: —

standards of dimension, design or quality, etc.

"(3) In determining whether an agreement is an agreement to which this Part of this Act applies, no account shall be taken of any term by which the parties or any of them agree to comply with or apply, in respect of the production, supply or acquisition of any goods or the application to goods of any process of manufacture—

(a) standards of dimension, design or quality; or

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968

Ch .66

1677

(b) arrangements as to the provision of information or advice to purchasers, consumers or users,

being either standards or arrangements for the time being approved by the British Standards Institution or standards or arrangements prescribed or adopted by any trade association or other body and for the time being approved by order of the Board of Trade."

(2) The power of the Board of Trade to make orders for purposes of subsection (3) of the said section 7 as amended by subsection (1) of this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and shall include power to revoke or vary an order by a subsequent order.

5,—(1) In this section "information agreement" means an Information agreement between two or more persons carrying on within the agreements. United Kingdom any such business as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section 6 of the Act of 1956, whether with or without other parties, being an agreement under which provision is made for or in relation to the furnishing by two or more parties to each other or to other persons (whether parties or not) of information with respect to any of the following matters, that is to say—

(a) the prices charged, quoted or paid or to be charged,

quoted or paid for goods which have been or are to be supplied, offered or acquired or for the application of any process of manufacture to goods;

(b) the terms or conditions on or subject to which goods

have been or are to be supplied or acquired or any such process has been or is to be applied to goods;

(c) the quantities or descriptions of goods produced, sup-

plied or acquired or to be produced, supplied or acquired;

(d) the costs incurred or to be incurred in producing,

supplying or acquiring goods or in applying any such process to goods;

(e) the processes of manufacture which have been or are

to be applied to any goods or the quantities or descriptions of goods to which any such process has been or is to be applied;

(f) the persons or classes of persons to or for whom goods

have been or are to be supplied, or from or for whom goods have been or are to be acquired, or for whom any such process has been or is to be applied;

(g) the areas or places in or from which goods have been

or are to be supplied or acquired or in which any such process has been or is to be applied to goods.

Ch .66

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968

(2) The Board of Trade may by order direct that the provisions of Part I of the Act of 1956 shall apply in relation to information agreements of any class described in the order; and for the purposes of determining whether an agreement is one to which the said Part I applies by virtue of any such order, and of the application of the said Part I and of this Act to agreements to which the said Part I so applies—

(a) references in the said Part I (other than in subsection (1)

of section 6) or in this Act to restrictions shall include references to provisions for or in relation to the furnishing of information, and references to the acceptance of restrictions shall be construed accordingly; and

(b) references in the said Part I to subsection (1) of section 6

of the Act of 1956 or to matters described in that subsection or in paragraphs (a) to (e) of that subsection shall include references to subsection (1) of this section or to the furnishing of information with respect to matters described in that subsection.

(3) An order under this section may describe the classes of information agreements to which it applies by reference to one or more of the following matters, that is to say—

(a) the trade or industry in which the persons to whom the provision for or in relation to the furnishing of information made by the agreement applies are engaged, or the class of business carried on by such persons;

(b) the character of the provision for or in relation to the furnishing of information made by the agreement, or the goods, processes, transactions, areas, places or other matters with respect to which that provision relates;

(c) any other features which appear to the Board to be

expedient

(4) The power of the Board to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and shall include power to revoke or vary an order by a subsequent order; but no order shall be made under this section unless a draft of the order has been laid before, and approved by resolution of, each House of Parliament

(5) The Board of Trade shall, before laying before Parliament the draft of an order for applying Part I of the Act of 1956 in relation to information agreements of any class, publish in such manner as they think appropriate a notice—

(a) describing the classes of agreements to which the proposed order would apply; and

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968

Ch .66

1679

(b) specifying a period (not being less than twenty-eight days) within which representations with respect to the proposed order may be made to the Board,

and in settling the draft to be laid before Parliament shall take into consideration any such representations received by them within that period.

6.—(1) The particulars to be furnished under section 10 of Time for the Act of 1956 in respect of an agreement which is subject to registration of registration under Part I of that Act, and the particulars to be agreements‘ so furnished of the variation or determination of such an agreement, shall be furnished as follows, that is to say—

(a) in the case of an agreement made after the commence-

ment of this Act (other than an agreement to which v any of the following paragraphs apply), before the

date on which any relevant restriction accepted under the agreement takes effect, and in any case within three months from the day on which the agreement is made;

(b) in the case of an agreement approved by order under

section 1 or section 2 of this Act which becomes subject to registration by virtue of the expiration or revocation of that order, and in the case of an agreement which becomes subject to registration by virtue of the revocation of an order under section 7(3) of the Act of 1956 as amended by section 4 of this Act, within one month from the day on which the agreement becomes so subject;

(c) in the case of an agreement which becomes subject to

registration by virtue of an order under section 5 of this Act coming into force after the making of the agreement, within three months from the day on which the agreement becomes so subject;

(d) in the case of an agreement (whether made before or after the commencement of this Act) which becomes subject to registration by virtue of a variation after the commencement of this Act, within the time which would apply under paragraph (a) above if the agreement were made on the day on which it becomes so subject;

(e) in the case of a variation after the commencement of this Act of an agreement (whether made before or after the commencement of this Act), being a variation which extends or adds to the restrictions accepted under the agreement, within the time which would apply under paragraph (a) above in the case of an agreement made on the day of the variation;

3 H

1680

Ch. 66

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968

(/)in the case of any other variation of an agreement, and of the determination of an agreement, within three months from the day of the variation or determination;

(g) in the case of an agreement which was subject to registration, but of which particulars had not been duly furnished, at the commencement of this Act, within three months from the commencement of this Act

(2) Any reference in this section to a period calculated from a specified day is a reference to the period in question inclusive of that day.

Consequences 7.—(1) If particulars of any agreement (whether made before

of failure to or after the commencement of this Act) which is subject to

register. registration under Part I of the Act of 1956 are not duly fur-

nished under section 10 of that Act within the time required by section 6 of this Act or within such further time as the Registrar may, upon application made within that time, allow—

(a) the agreement shall be void in respect of all relevant

restrictions accepted thereunder; and

(b) it shall be unlawful for any person party to the agree-

ment who carries on business within the United Kingdom to give effect to, or enforce or purport to enforce, the agreement in respect of any such restrictions.

(2) No criminal proceedings shall lie against any person on account of a contravention of paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) of this section; but the obligation to comply with that paragraph is a duty owed to any person who may be affected by a contravention of it and any breach of that duly is actionable accordingly subject to the defences and other incidents applying to actions for breach of statutory duty.

(3) Without prejudice to any right which any person may have by virtue of subsection (2) of this section to bring civil proceedings in respect of an agreement affected by ithe said paragraph

(b), the Restrictive Practices Court may, upon application made by the Registrar, make against any person party to any such agreement who carries on business within the United Kingdom such order as appears to the Court to be proper for restraining

him—

(a) from giving effect to. or enforcing or purporting to enforce, the agreement in respect of any relevant restrictions;

(b) from giving effect to, or enforcing or purporting to enforce, other agreements in contravention of subsection (1) of this section; and nothing in subsection (2) of this section shall prevent the enforcement of any such order by appropriate proceedings.

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968

Ch. 66

1681

(4) In relation to an agreement for the constitution of a trade association which is subject to registration in consequence of the making of a recommendation to which subsection (7) of section 6 of the Act of 1956 applies, the power of the Court under subsection (3) of this section shall include power to make such order as appears to the Court to be proper for restraining the association or any person acting on its behalf from making other such recommendations.

(5) Where any issue, whether of law or of fact or partly of law and partly of fact, has been finally determined on an application under subsection (3) of this section in respect of an agreement, then in any proceedings brought in respect of that agreement by virtue of subsection (2) of this section in which the same issue arises—

(a) any finding of fact relevant to that issue which was

made on the application shall be evidence (and in Scotland sufficient evidence) of that fact; and

(b) any decision on a question of law relevant to that issue

which was given on the application shall be binding on the court in so far as the material facts found in those proceedings are the same as were found on the application.

(6) Where any agreement which is subject to registration under Part I of the Act of 1956 is varied so as to extend or add to the relevant restrictions accepted under the agreement, the fore-going provisions of this section shall apply, with the necessary modifications, in relation to the variation as they apply in relation to an original agreement which is subject to registration under the said Part I.

8.—(1) In subsection (1) of section 19 of the Act of 1956 Particulars to (regulations for purposes of registration) the following shall be be furnished substituted for paragraph <M— for registration.

" (b) for excluding from the particulars to be furnished or from the particulars to be entered in the register under this Part of this Act—

(i) such details as to parties or other persons, prices, terms or other matters as are material for the purpose only of defining the particular application from time to time of continuing restrictions accepted under agreements of which particulars are so entered;

(ii) particulars of such variations as may be specified in the regulations, being variations the registration of which is in the opinion of the Registrar unnecessary for the purposes of this Part of this Act;

3 H 2

1682

Ch .66

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968

(2) Nothing in regulations made by virtue of the said paragraph (b) shall affect the power of the Registrar under subsection

(2) of section 14 of the said Act to require the furnishing of further documents or information by any such person as is mentioned in that subsection.

Modification 9.—(1) Where an agreement of which particulars are entered

of duty of or filed in the register pursuant to Part I of the Act of 1956 has

Registrar to heen determined (whether by effluxion of time or otherwise), or

proceedings for has been so determined in respect of all relevant restrictions investigation, accepted thereunder, before proceedings in respect of the agreement have been taken by the Registrar in the Restrictive Practices Court, the Registrar shall not be required to take such proceedings but may do so if he thinks fit.

(2) If it appears to the Board of Trade, upon the representation of the Registrar, that the relevant restrictions accepted under an agreement of which particulars are so entered or filed are not of such significance as to call for investigation by the Restrictive Practices Court, they may give directions discharging the Registrar from taking proceedings in the Court in respect of that agreement during the continuance in force of the directions.

(3) The Board may at any time upon the representation of the Registrar withdraw any directions given by them under subsection

(2) of this section if satisfied that there has been a material change of circumstances since the directions were given.

(4) Section 12 of the Act of 1956 shall cease to have effect except in its application to agreements as to which directions are in force thereunder at the commencement of this Act: and in relation to an agreement to which such directions apply paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of that section shall have effect as if for the reference to the power of the Board of Trade to give further directions under that section there were substituted a reference to the power of the Board to give directions under subsection (2) of this section.

Presumption —U) In subsection (1) of section 21 of the Act of 1956

as to public (which specifies certain grounds upon which a restriction may

interest. be declared by the Court not to be contrary to the public

interest) the following paragraph shall be inserted after paragraph <*>:—

" ( h)that the restriction does not directly or indirectly restrict or discourage competition to any material degree in any relevant trade or industry and is not likely to do so.*

(2) In any proceedings before the Court under section 20 of the Act of 1956 in respect of an agreement, the fact that the

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968

Ch. 66

1683

agreement has or has not at any time been the subject of an order under section 1 or section 2 of this Act shall not be treated as relevant to the question whether any restrictions accepted under the agreement are contrary to the public interest.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of section 22 of the Act of 1956. leave to make an application under that section for the discharge of a declaration or order of the Restrictive Practices Court made before the commencement of this Act may, if the applicant proposes to rely on the amendment of section 21 of that Act effected by subsection (1) of this section, be granted upon prima facie evidence of the relevance of that amendment to the application.

11.—(1) Subsection (6) of section 6 of the Act of 1956 (which Wholesale relates to agreements made by trade associations) shall not apply £^52?Uve to any industrial and provident society approved by the Board of 8 Trade for the purposes of this section; and an industrial and provident society so approved shall be treated as not being a trade association for the purposes of subsections (3) and (5) of section 8 (excepted agreements) of the Act of 1956.

(2) The Board of Trade may, if they think fit, approve for the purposes of this section any industrial and provident society which, in the opinion of the Board, satisfies the following conditions namely—

(a) that it carries on business in the production or supply of

goods or in the application to goods of any process of manufacture; and

(b) that its shares are wholly or mainly held by industrial

and provident societies, being retail societies or societies whose shares are wholly or mainly held by retail societies.

(3) The power of approval conferred by subsection (2) of this section shall not be exercisable after the end of the relevant period, that is to say—

(a) in the case of a society which immediately before the

commencement of this Act is registered or deemed to be registered under the Industrial and Provident 1965 c. 12. Societies Act 1965 or under the corresponding law in Northern Ireland, the period of three months beginning with the commencement of this Act;

(b) in the case of a society which is so registered after the

commencement of this Act, the period of three months beginning with the date on which it is so registered.

(4) Where an agreement made before the commencement of this Act by an industrial and provident society is subject to registration under Part I of the Act of 1956 but would not have

3 H 3

1684

Ch. 66

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968

1965 c. 12.

Restrictions conflicting with Free Trade

Agreements.

been subject to registration thereunder if subsection (6) of section 6 of the Act of 1956 had not been enacted and the society had at all times fallen to be treated as not being a trade association for the purposes of subsections (3) and (5) of section 8 of that Act, the agreement shall cease to be subject to registration under the said Part I if that society is approved by the Board of Trade for the purposes of this section.

(5) In this section—

"industrial and provident society" means a society registered or deemed to be registered under the Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1965 or under the corresponding law in Northern Ireland;

" retail society " means a society which carries on business in the sale by retail of goods for the domestic or personal use of individuals dealing with the society, or in the provision of services for such individuals;

"the corresponding law in Northern Ireland" means the law for the time being in force in Northern Ireland for purposes corresponding to those of the Industrial and Provident Societies Act 1965.

12.—(1) If in the case of any agreement to which this section applies—

(a) it is determined by the Council constituted by the

Convention of 1960 Establishing the European Free Trade Association that relevant restrictions accepted under the agreement contravene or conflict with Article 15 of the Convention (set out in Part I of Schedule 1 to this Act); or

(b) it is agreed between the Government of the United

Kingdom and the Government of the Republic of Ireland that relevant restrictions so accepted contravene or conflict with Article XV (set out in Part II of the said Schedule) of the Agreement of 1966 between these Governments Establishing a Free Trade Area between the two countries,

the Board of Trade may by order annul the agreement in respect of those restrictions and make in relation thereto any such order as could be made by the Restrictive Practices Court in the case of restrictions found to be contrary to the public interest on an application made under section 20 of the Act of 1956.

(2) The power of the Board of Trade to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and shall include power to revoke or vary an order by subsequent order; and any statutory instrument made by virtue of this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968

Ch. 66

1685

(3) Section 11 of the Monopolies and Restrictive Practices 1948 c. 66. (Inquiry and Control) Act 1948 shall apply to the enforcement

of orders under this section as it applies to the enforcement of orders under section 10 of that Act

(4) This section applies to any agreement of which particulars are entered or filed in the register pursuant to Part I of the Act of 1956 or of which particulars have been furnished to the Board of Trade pursuant to section 31 of that Act (export agree* ments); but nothing in this section applies to restrictions which have been found not to be contrary to the public interest on an application made to the Restrictive Practices Court before the commencement of this Act

(5) For the purposes of this section "relevant restriction" includes any restriction by virtue of which an agreement would be subject to registration under Part I of the Act of 1956 apart from subsection (8) of section 8 of that Act (exception for export agreements).

13. —(1) The jurisdiction conferred on the High Court, the Jurisdiction Court of Session and the High Court of Northern Ireland by Ur^tPfrt 1 section 13 (rectification of the register, etc.) and section 15 1955; 0 (power to order examination on oath) of the Act of 1956 is

hereby transferred to the Restrictive Practices Court; and section 18 of that Act (powers of the said Courts in case of default in furnishing particulars) shall cease to have effect.

(2) In the exercise of its jurisdiction under section 7 of this Act, and of the jurisdiction transferred to it by subsection (1) of this section, the Restrictive Practices Court shall have power to order the payment of costs by any party to proceedings before the Court.

14. —(1) In this Act the following expressions have the Interpretation

meanings hereby assigned to them:— and A_ .

0 construction.

" the Act of 1956" means the Restrictive Trade Practices 1956 c 68 Act 1956;

" relevant restriction " means any restriction by virtue of which an agreement is subject to registration under Part I of the Act of 1956, or would be so subject apart from any order under section 1 or section 2 of this Act;

"trade association'' has the same meaning as in section 6 of the Act of 1956.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the Act of 1956, and references in that Act to Part I of that Act shall include references to this Act.

3 H 4

1686

Ch. 66

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968

Application to

Northern

Ireland.

Minor and consequential amendments, repeals and savings.

1964 c. 58.

Short title and

commence-

ment.

15. This Act extends to Northern Ireland; and without prejudice to subsection (2) of section 13 of this Act. section 37 of the Act of 1956 (powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) shall have effect as if references to that Act included references to this Act.

16. —(1) The Act of 1956 shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in Schedule 2 to this Act, being minor amendments and amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of this Act

(2) The enactments described in Schedule 3 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) Nothing in this Act affects—

(a) the jurisdiction of the High Court, the Court of Session

or the High Court of Northern Ireland in any proceedings under section 13, 15 or 18 of the Act of 1956 which are pending at the commencement of this Act; or

(b) the operation of the Schedule to the Act of 1956 as

applied by section 8 of the Resale Prices Act 1964.

17. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968.

(2) This Act shall come into force at the expiration of the period of one month beginning with the day on which it is passed.

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968

Ch. 66

1687

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

Provisions of Free Trade Agreements rblating to Restrictive Business Practices

Part I

Convention establishing the Europban Freb Trade Association

Article 15

Restrictive business practices

1. Member States recognise that the following practices are incompatible with this Convention in so far as they frustrate the benefits expected from the removal or absence of duties and quantitative restrictions on trade between Member States:

(a) agreements between enterprises, decisions by associations of

enterprises and concerted practices between enterprises which have as their object or result the prevention, restriction or distortion of competition within the Area of the Association;

(b) actions by which one or more enterprises take unfair advantage of a dominant position within the Area of the Association or a substantial part of it

2. If any practice of the kind described in paragraph 1 of this Article is referred to the Council in accordance with Article 31, the Council may, in any recommendation in accordance with paragraph 3 or in any decision in accordance with paragraph 4 of that Article, make provision for publication of a report on the circumstances of the matter.

3. —(a) In the light of experience gained, the Council shall consider not later than 31st December, 1964, and may consider at any time thereafter, whether further or different provisions are necessary to deal with the effects of restrictive business practices or dominant enterprises on trade between Member States.

(b) Such review shall include consideration of the following matters:

(i) specification of the restrictive business practices or dominant

enterprises with which the Council should be concerned;

(ii) methods of securing information about restrictive business practices or dominant enterprises;

(iii) procedures for investigations;

(iv) whether the right to initiate inquiries should be conferred on the Council.

(c) The Council may decide to make the provisions found necessary as a result of the review envisaged in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph.

3 H*

Section 12.

1688

Ch. 66

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968

Sch. 1

Section 16.

Part n

The Agreement establishing a Freb Trade Area between the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland

Articlb XV

Restrictive Business Practices

The parties recognise that the following practices are incompatible with this Agreement in so far as they frustrate the benefits expected from the removal or absence of duties and quantitative restrictions on trade between their territories—

(< a) agreements between enterprises, decisions by associations of enterprises and concerted practices between enterprises which have as their object or result the prevention, restriction or distortion of competition within the area to which this Agreement applies;

(b) actions by which one or more enterprises take unfair advantage of a dominant position within the area to which this Agreement applies;

and, at the request of either of them, the parties shall enter into consultation in accordance with paragraph (3) of Article XXIII with a view to the elimination of any such practice in so far as it is incompatible with this Agreement

SCHEDULE 2

Minor and Consequential Amendments of Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1956

In section 7, in subsection (2), at the end there shall be added the words " or which is exempt from registration by virtue of an order under section 1 or section 2 of the Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968 ".

In section 10, in paragraph (a) of subsection (1), after the words "the names" there shall be inserted the words "and addresses", and for any reference in the section, whether express or implied, to the period specified in that section there shall be substituted a reference to the time within which particulars are required to be furnished under section 6 of this Act.

In section 11, in subsection (2), for the words from "which he is authorised " to the end there shall be substituted the words " obtained by him under the following provisions of this Part of this Act ".

In section 23, in paragraph ( d) of subsection (2), after the word "party " there shall be inserted the words " to proceedings under section 20 or section 22 of this Act ".

In the Schedule, in paragraph 4, at the end there shall be added the words "except that in the case of proceedings involving only issues of law the Court may instead consist of a single member being a judge

In the Schedule, in paragraph 9, for the words " before it " there shall be substituted the words " under section 20 or section 22 of this Act".

Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1968

Ch. 66

1689

SCHEDULE 3 Section 17.

Enactments Repealed

Chapter Short Title Extent

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. The Restrictive Trade In section 9, in subsection (1), the

c. 68. Practices Act 1956. words "Subject to the provisions of this section ", and subsections (2) to (4). In section 10, in subsection (3), the words "by virtue of an order made under section nine of this Act ", and subsection (5). Section 12, except in its application to agreements as to which directions are in force thereunder at the commencement of this Act. In section 13, in subsection (2), the words "section nine of", and subsection (5). In section 15, subsection (4). Section 18.

1966 c. 33. The Prices and Incomes Act 1966. Section 24.

3H*2

Ch. 67

1691

Medicines Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 67

An Act to make new provision with respect to medicinal products and related matters, and for purposes connected therewith.

[25th October 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I Administration

1.—(1) In this Act—

(a) " the Health Ministers " means the following Ministers,

that is to say, the Minister of Health, the Secretary of State concerned with health in Scotland and the Minister of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland, and, in the case of anything falling to be done by the Health Ministers, means those Ministers acting jointly;

(b) "the Agriculture Ministers’* means the following

Ministers, that is to say, the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, the Secretary of State concerned with agriculture in Scotland and the Minister of Agriculture for Northern Ireland, and, in the case of anything falling to be done by the Agriculture Ministers, means those Ministers acting jointly,

and " the Ministers " means all the Ministers specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this subsection, and, in the case of anything falling to be done by the Ministers, means all those Ministers acting jointly.

3H*3

Ministers

responsible

for

administration of Act.

1692

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part I

Establishment of Medicines Commission.

1957 c. 20.

(2) In this Act, except where the contrary is expressly provided. " the appropriate Ministers "—

(a) for the purpose of performing any function under this

Act (whether by the making of any regulations or order or otherwise) where the function is performed exclusively in relation to matters other than veterinary drugs and the treatment of diseases of animals, means the Health Ministers; and

(b) in any other case, means the Ministers.

2.—(1) There shall be established a body to be called the Medicines Commission (in this Act referred to as " the Commission ") to perform the functions assigned to the Commission by or under this Act.

(2) The members of the Commission, of whom there shall be not less than eight, shall be appointed by the Ministers after consultation with such organisations as they consider appropriate, and, in relation to each of the activities specified in the next following subsection, shall include at least one person appearing to the Ministers to have wide and recent experience of, and to have shown capacity in, that activity.

(3) The activities referred to in subsection (2) of this section are—

(a) the practice of medicine (other than veterinary medi-

cine);

(b) the practice of veterinary medicine;

(c) the practice of pharmacy;

(d) chemistry other than pharmaceutical chemistry;

(e) the pharmaceutical industry.

(4) The Ministers shall appoint one of the members of the Commission to be chairman of the Commission.

(5) The Medicines Commission shall by that name be a body corporate having perpetual succession and a common seal.

(6) In Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 (bodies of which all members are disqualified under that Act), there shall be inserted at the appropriate point in alphabetical order the entry " The Medicines Commission and any committee established under section 4 of the Medicines Act 1968 "; and the like amendment shall be made in the Part substituted for the said Part II by Schedule 3 to that Act in its application to the Senate and House of Commons of Northern Ireland.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1693

3. —(1) The Commission shall give to any one or more of Part I the Ministers specified in paragraphs (a) and ( of section 1(1) General

of this Act advice on matters relating to the execution of this functions of Act or the exercise of any power conferred by it, or otherwise Commission, relating to medicinal products, where either the Commission consider it expedient, or they are requested by the Minister or Ministers in question, to do so.

(2) Without prejudice to the preceding subsection, and to any other duties or powers imposed or conferred on the Commission by or under this Act, it shall be the duty of the Commission—

(a) to make recommendations to the Ministers with regard

to the number of committees to be established under section 4 of this Act and with regard to the functions to be assigned to each such committee;

(b) in relation to any such committee, to recommend to

any of the Ministers specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of section 1(1) of this Act such persons (whether members of the Commission or other persons) as the Commission consider well qualified to serve as members of that committee;

(c) from time to time (where either the Commission con-

sider it expedient, or they are requested by the Ministers, to do so) to review the committees established under section 4 of this Act and to make recommendations to the Ministers with regard to any changes in their number or functions which the Commission consider appropriate;

(d) to advise the licensing authority in cases where the

authority either are required by the provisions of Part II of this Act to consult the Commission or, without being required to do so, elect to consult the Commission with respect to any matter arising under those provisions; and

(e) to undertake the functions specified in subsection (3)

of section 4 of this Act, in so far as those functions relate to medicinal products and are not for the time being assigned to a committee established under that section, and to undertake the functions mentioned in subsection (4) of that section in so far as those functions are not for the time being assigned to such a committee.

4. —(1) The Ministers, the Health Ministers or the Agricul- Establishment tore Ministers, having regard to any recommendations made of committees, by the Commission under section 3(2) of this Act, and after consultation with such organisations as the Ministers concerned

3 H* 4

1694

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part I

Supplementary provisions as to Commission and

committees.

consider appropriate, may by order establish one or more committees under this section.

(2) A committee may be so established for any purpose, or combination of purposes, connected with the execution of this Act or the exercise of any power conferred by it, either generally or in relation to any particular class of substances or articles to which any provision of this Act is applicable.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (2) of this section, in relation to any such class of substances or articles a committee may be established under this section for either or both of the following purposes, that is to say—

(u) giving advice with respect to safety, quality or efficacy, or with respect to all or any two of those matters;

(b) promoting the collection and investigation of information relating to adverse reactions, for the purpose of enabling such advice to be given.

(4) A committee or committees may be established under this section for the purpose of performing any function under Part VII of this Act in relation to the British Pharmacopoeia or in relation to any such compendium or list of names or other publication as is mentioned in that Part of this Act.

(5) The Ministers by whom a committee is established under this section shall appoint the members of the committee, and shall appoint one of those members to be chairman of the committee.

(6) In this Act " the appropriate committee ", for the purposes of any provision of this Act under which a function falls to be performed, means such committee established under this section for purposes which consist of or include any of those specified in subsection (3) of this section as the authority performing that function considers appropriate in the circumstances.

5.—(1) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the Commission, to any committee established under section 4 of this Act and to the other matters mentioned in that Schedule.

(2) The Commission shall, at such time in each year as the Ministers may direct, send to the Ministers a report with respect to the performance of their functions and of the functions of any committee appointed by them; and the Minister of Health, the Secretary of State and the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food shall jointly lay before Parliament a copy of every such report

(3) Each committee established under section 4 of this Act shall, at such time in each year as the Commission may direct send to the Commission and to the Ministers a report with

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1695

respect to the performance of their functions; and any report Part I of the Commission under this section may include such information relating to the peformance of the functions of any such committee as the Commission consider appropriate.

(4) Subject to the next following subsection, the Ministers, after consultation with the Commission, may by order—

(a) add to, revoke or vary any of the provisions of Schedule

1 to this Act in its application to the Commission, or

(b) confer on the Commission any new function for pur-

poses connected with medicinal products or related matters, or

(c) terminate any function conferred on the Commission

by or under this Act, or

(d) vary any such function, so however as not to confer on the Commission any new function which could not be conferred on them in accordance with paragraph (b) of this subsection.

(5) No order shall be made under this section unless a draft of the order has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

Part II

Licences and Certificates Relating to Medicinal Products

General provisions and exemptions

6. —(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act the authority The licensing responsible for the grant, renewal, variation, suspension and authority, revocation of licences and certificates shall be a body of Ministers consisting of all the Ministers specified in paragraphs (a) and

(b) of section 1(1) of this Act

(2) Any function conferred on the licensing authority by or under this Act may be performed by any one of those Ministers acting alone or by any two or more of them acting jointly.

(3) In accordance with the preceding provisions of this section, in this Act " the licensing authority " means any one or more of those Ministers, and, in the case of anything falling to be done by the licensing authority, means any one or more of those Ministers acting as mentioned in subsection (2) of this section.

7. —(1) The following provisions of this section shall have General

effect subject to— provisions as

(a) any exemption conferred by or under this Part of this JSth^Ucinal Act; products.

1696

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part n (b)the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to clinical

trials and medicinal tests on animals; and

(c) the provisions of section 48 of this Act

(2) Except in accordance with a licence granted for the purposes of this section (in this Act referred to as a " product licence ") no person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him, and in circumstances to which this subsection applies,—

(a) sell, supply or export any medicinal product or

(b) procure the sale, supply or exportation of any medicinal

product or

(c) procure the manufacture or assembly of any medicinal

product for sale, supply or exportation.

(3) No person shall import any medicinal product except in accordance with a product licence.

(4) In relation to an imported medicinal product, subsection (2) of this section applies to circumstances in which the person selling, supplying or exporting the medicinal product in question, or procuring the sale, supply or exportation or the manufacture or assembly for sale, supply or exportation of that product, has himself imported the product or procured its importation.

(5) In relation to any medicinal product which has not been imported, subsection (2) of this section applies to any circumstances in which the person selling, supplying or exporting the medicinal product in question, or procuring die sale, supply or exportation or the manufacture or assembly for sale, supply or exportation of that product, is responsible for the composition of the product.

(6) For the purposes of subsection (5) of this section a person shall be taken to be responsible for the composition of a medicinal product if (but only if) in the course of a business carried on by him—

(a) he procures the manufacture of the product to his order

by another person, where the order specifies, or incorporates by reference to some other document, particulars of the composition of the product ordered, whether those particulars amount to a complete specification or not, or

(b) he manufactures the product otherwise than in

pursuance of an order which fulfils the conditions specified in the preceding paragraph.

Provisions as 8.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have

to manufacture effect without prejudice to the operation of section 7 of this and wholesale ^ct, but subject (to the exemptions and provisions referred to dealing. -n paragraphs (a)to (c) of subsection (1) of that section.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1697

(2) No person shall, in the course of a business carried on by Part H him, manufacture or assemble any medicinal product except

in accordance with a licence granted for the purposes of this subsection (in this Act referred to as a " manufacturer’s licence ").

(3) No person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him, sell, or offer for sale, any medicinal product by way of wholesale dealing except in accordance with a licence granted for the purposes of this subsection (in this Act referred to as a " wholesale dealer’s licence ").

9.—(1) The restrictions imposed by sections 7 and 8 of this Exemptions Act do not apply to anything done by a doctor or dentist which— draUsts0"’

(a) relates to a medicinal product specially prepared, or spec- veterinary

ially imported by him or to his order, for administration surgeons and to a particular patient of his, and consists of manufac-tilling or assembling, or procuring the manufacture or p assembly of, the product, or of selling or supplying, or procuring the sale or supply of, the product to that patient or to a person under whose care that patient is, or

(b) relates to a medicinal product specially prepared at the

request of another doctor or dentist, or specially imported by him or to his order at the request of another doctor or dentist, for administration to a particular patient of that other doctor or dentist, and consists of manufacturing or assembling, or procuring the manufacture or assembly of, the product, or of selling or supplying, or procuring the sale or supply of the product to that other doctor or dentist or to that patient or to a person under whose care that patient is.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, the restrictions imposed by sections 7 and 8 of this Act do not apply to anything done by a veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner which—

(a) relates to a medicinal product specially prepared for

administration to a particular animal or herd which is under his care, and consists of manufacturing or assembling, or procuring the manufacture or assembly of, the product, or of selling or supplying, or procuring the safe or supply of, the product to a person having the possession or control of that animal or herd, or

(b) relates to a medicinal product specially prepared at the

request of another veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner for administration to a particular animal or herd which is under the care of that other veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner, and consists of manufacturing or assembling, or procuring the manufacture or assembly of, the product, or of selling or

1698

Ch.G7

Medicines Act 1968

Part II

Exemptions

for

pharmacists.

supplying, or procuring the sale or supply of, the product to that other veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner or to a person having the possession or control of that animal or herd.

(3) The last preceding subsection shall not have effect so as to exempt from the restrictions imposed by sections 7 and 8 of this Act anything done by a veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner—

(a) in relation to a vaccine specially prepared for admini-

stration to poultry, or

(b) in relation to any other vaccine, unless the vaccine is

specially prepared for administration to the animal from which it is derived, or

(c) in relation to plasma or a serum, unless the plasma

or serum is specially prepared for administration to one or more animals in the herd from which it is derived.

10.—(1) Subject to the next following subsection, the restrictions imposed by sections 7 and 8 of this Act do not apply to anything which is done in a registered pharmacy, a hospital or a health centre and is done there by or under the supervision of a pharmacist and consists of—

(a) preparing or dispensing a medicinal product in accord-

ance with a prescription given by a practitioner, or

(b) assembling a medicinal product;

and those restrictions do not apply to anything done by or under the supervision of a pharmacist which consists of procuring the preparation or dispensing of a medicinal product in accordance with a prescription given by a practitioner, or of procuring the assembly of a medicinal product

(2) The exemption conferred by the preceding subsection does not apply to a vaccine specially prepared for administration to poultry, and does not apply to any other vaccine or any plasma or serum prepared or dispensed for administration to an animal or herd unless—

(a) in the case of a vaccine, it is specially prepared for

administration to the animal from which it is derived, or

(b) in the case of plasma or a serum, it is specially pre-

pared for administration to one or more animals in the herd from which it is derived,

and (in either case) it is so prepared in accordance with a prescription given by a veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1699

(3) Those restrictions do not apply to the preparation or Part II dispensing in a registered pharmacy of a medicinal product by

or under the supervision of a pharmacist in accordance with a specification furnished by the person to whom the product is or is to be sold or supplied, where—

(a) the product is prepared or dispensed for administration

to that person or to a person under his care, or

(b) the product, not being a vaccine, plasma or serum, is

prepared or dispensed for administration to an animal or herd which is in the possession or under the control of that person.

(4) Without prejudice to the preceding subsections, the restrictions imposed by sections 7 and 8 of this Act do not apply to anything which is done in a registered pharmacy by or under the supervision of a pharmacist and consists of—

(a) preparing or dispensing a medicinal product for

administration to a person where the pharmacist is requested by or on behalf of that person to do so in accordance with the pharmacist's own judgment as to the treatment required, and that person is present in the pharmacy at the time of the request in pursuance of which that product is prepared or dispensed, or

(b) preparing a stock of medicinal products with a view

to dispensing them as mentioned in subsection (l)(a) or subsection (3) of this section or in paragraph (a) of this subsection;

and those restrictions do not apply to anything which is done in a hospital or a health centre by or under the supervision of a pharmacist and consists of preparing a stock of medicinal products with a view to dispensing them as mentioned in subsection (1 )(a) of this section.

II.—(1) The restrictions imposed by section 8 of this Act Exemption do not apply to the assembly of any medicinal products by a for nurses and person in the course of that person's profession as a registered midwives-nurse or as a certified midwife or, in relation to England and Wales, as an exempted midwife.

(2) In this section—

(a) in relation to England and Wales, " registered nurse " means a person for the time being registered as a nurse under the Nurses Act 1957, " certified midwife " means 1957 c. 15. a woman whose name is for the time being on the roll of certified midwives kept under section 2 of the Mid-1951 c. 53. wives Act 1951, and "exempted midwife" means a woman named in an order for the time being having

1700

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part II 1953 c. 47. 1951 c. 55.

1951 c. 54.

1959 c. 19 (N.I.).

Exemptions respect of herbal remedies.

Exemptions for imports.

effect by virtue of section 6 of the Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1953 (exemption of certain women from the Midwives Act 1951);

(b) in relation to Scotland, "registered nurse*' means a

person for the time being registered as a nurse under the Nurses (Scotland) Act 1951 and " certified midwife " means a woman whose name is for the time being on the roll of certified midwives kept under section 3 of the Midwives (Scotland) Act 1951; and

(c) in relation to Northern Ireland, "registered nurse"

means a person for the time being registered as a nurse under the Nurses and Midwives Act (Northern Ireland) 1959, and " certified midwife " means a woman who is for the time being certified under Part III of that Act.

in 12.—(1) The restrictions imposed by sections 7 and 8 of this

Act do not apply to the sale, supply, manufacture or assembly of any herbal remedy in the course of a business where—

(a) the remedy is manufactured or assembled on premises

of which the person carrying on the business is the occupier and which he is able to close so as to exclude the public, and

(b) the person carrying on the business sells or supplies the

remedy for administration to a particular person after being requested by or on behalf of that person and in that person's presence to use his own judgment as to the treatment required.

(2) Those restrictions also do not apply to the sale, supply, manufacture or assembly of any herbal remedy where the process to which the plant or plants are subjected in producing the remedy consists only of drying, crushing or comminuting, and the remedy is, or is to be, sold or supplied—

(a) under a designation which only specifies the plant or

plants and the process and does not apply any other name to the remedy, and

(b) without any written recommendation (whether by

means of a labelled container or package or a leaflet or in any other way) as to the use of the remedy.

13.—(1) The restriction imposed by section 7(3) of this Act does not apply to the importation of a medicinal product by any person for administration to himself or to any person or persons who are members of his household, and does not apply to the importation of a medicinal product where it is specially imported by or to the order of a doctor or dentist for administration to a particular patient of his.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1701

(2) Without prejudice to the preceding subsection, the restric- Part n tion imposed by section 7(3) of this Act shall not apply to the importation of a medicinal product in such circumstances as may

be specified in an order made by the Ministers for the purposes of this section.

(3) Any exemption conferred by an order under this section may be conferred either in relation to medicinal products generally or in relation to a class of medicinal products specified in the order, and (in either case) may be so conferred subject to such conditions or limitations as may be so specified.

14. The restrictions imposed by sections 7 and 8 of this Act do Exemption not apply to the exportation, or the sale or offer for sale for for re^xP°rt8* the purposes of exportation, of any imported medicinal product

if it is, or is to be, exported—

(a) in the form in which it was imported, and

(b) without being assembled in a way different from the

way in which it was assembled on being imported.

15. —(1) The appropriate Ministers may by order provide that Provision for sections 7 and 8 of this Act shall have effect subject to such ex^g or exemptions (other than those for the time being having effect

by virtue of sections 9 to 14 of this Act) as may be specified in p the order.

(2) Any exemption conferred by an order under the preceding subsection may be conferred subject to such conditions or limitations as may be specified in the order.

(3) The appropriate Ministers may by order provide that any of the provisions of sections 9 to 14 of this Act specified in the order shall cease to have effect, or shall have effect subject to such exceptions or modifications as may be so specified.

(4) No order shall be made under subsection (3) of this section unless a draft of the order has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

16. —(1) The restrictions imposed by sections 7 and 8 of this Transitional Act do not apply to anything done before such day as the exemptions. Ministers may by order appoint for the purposes of this subsection

(in this Act referred to as "the first appointed day"); and, except as otherwise provided by any order made under section 17 of this Act, the following provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to things done on or after that day.

(2) Section 7(2) of this Act shall not have effect in relation to a person in respect of his selling or supplying, or procuring the sale, supply, manufacture or assembly of, medicinal products of any description if, in the course of a business carried on by him.

1702

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part II any medicinal products of that description were sold or supplied, or procured to be sold, supplied, manufactured or assembled, at any time before the first appointed day and medicinal products of that description were effectively on the market in the United Kingdom immediately before the first appointed day, and either—

(a) information with regard to the composition of medicinal

products of that description, and as to their being available for sale or supply in the United Kingdom, had before that day been made known generally to doctors, or to any particular class of doctors, or to dentists or pharmacists, or to veterinary surgeons and veterinary practitioners, in the United Kingdom, or

(b) information that the products were available for sale

or supply in the United Kingdom had before that day been made known generally to the public in the United Kingdom.

(3) Section 7(3) of this Act shall not have effect in relation to a person in respect of his importing medicinal products of any description in die course of a business carried on by him if, in the course of that business, medicinal products of that description were imported within the period of twenty-four months ending with the first appointed day.

(4) Section 8(2) of this Act shall not have effect in relation to a person in respect of his manufacturing or assembling medicinal products of any description in the course of a business carried on by him if in the course of that business—

(a) medicinal products of that description were manufac-

tured or assembled within the period of twelve months ending with the first appointed day, or

(b) medicinal products of that description were manufac-

tured or assembled before the beginning of that period and further supplies of such products could, if required, have been manufactured or assembled within that period:

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect in relation to any particular operations carried out in the course of a business on or after the first appointed day unless the manufacture or assembly of the products as mentioned in paragraph

(a) or paragraph (b) of this subsection, as the case may be, included those operations.

(5) Section 8(3) of this Act shall not have effect in relation to a person in respect of his selling or offering for sale any medicinal products by way of wholesale dealing in the course of a business carried on by him if, in the course of that business, medicinal

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1703

products were being sold or offered for sale by way of wholesale Part II dealing within the period of twelve months ending with the first appointed day.

17. For the purposes of subsections (2) to (5) of the last pre- Termination ceding section, the Ministers may by one or more orders under of transitional this section appoint one or more days, subsequent to the firstexemptions# appointed day, and may by any such order provide that such one or more of those subsections as may be specified in that order shall cease to have effect either—

(a) generally in relation to anything done on or after the

day appointed by that order, or

(b) in relation to anything done on or after that day in so

far as it consists of operations or activities, or relates to medicinal products of any such class, as may be so specified.

Applications for, and grant and renewal of, licences

18.—(1) Any application for the grant of a licence under this Application Part of this Act shall be made to the licensing authority and for Ik*110*-shall be made in such form and manner, and shall contain, or be accompanied by, such information, documents, samples and other material, as may be prescribed.

(2) Any such application shall indicate the descriptions of medicinal products in respect of which the licence is required, either by specifying the descriptions of medicinal products in question or by way of an appropriate general classification.

19.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of Factors this Act, in dealing with an application for a product licence relevant to the licensing authority shall in particular take into con- of MSication sideration— for licence.

(a) the safety of medicinal products of each description to

which the application relates;

(b) the efficacy of medicinal products of each such descrip-

tion for the purposes for which the products are proposed to be administered; and

(c) the quality of medicinal products of each such description, according to the specification and the method or proposed method of manufacture of the products, and the provisions proposed for securing that the products as sold or supplied will be of that quality.

(2) In taking into consideration the efficacy for a particular purpose of medicinal products of a description to which such an application relates, the licensing authority shall leave out of account any question whether medicinal products of another

1704

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part II description would or might be equally or more efficacious for that purpose:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as requiring the licensing authority, in considering the safety of medicinal products of a particular description, in relation to a purpose for which they are proposed to be administered, to leave out of account any question whether medicinal products of another description, being equally or more efficacious for that purpose, would or might be safer in relation to that purpose.

(3) Where any such application indicates that the purposes for which the licence is required relate (wholly or partly) to medicinal products which have been or are to be imported, then in dealing with the application, in so far as it relates to such products, the licensing authority shall also take into consideration in particular the methods, standards and conditions of manufacture of those products and may, if they think fit, require the production by the applicant of any one or more of the following, that is to say—

(a) an undertaking, given by the manufacturer of any such

products, to permit the premises where they are or are to be manufactured, and the operations carried on or to be carried on in the course of manufacturing them, to be inspected by or on behalf of the licensing authority;

(b) an undertaking, given by or on behalf of the manufac-

turer of any such products, to comply with any prescribed conditions or any conditions attached to the licence by the licensing authority;

(c) a declaration, given by or on behalf of the manufacturer

of any such products, that, in relation to the manufacture of those products, any requirements imposed by or under the law of the country in which they are or are to be manufactured have been or will be complied with.

(4) Where any such application indicates that the purposes for which the licence is required relate exclusively to the exportation of medicinal products, the licensing authority shall leave out of account considerations of safety and efficacy (as mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (I) of this section) if satisfied that in the circumstances it is reasonable to do so.

(5) In dealing with an application for a manufacturer’s licence the licensing authority shall in particular take into consideration—

(a) the operations proposed to be carried out in pursuance of the licence;

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1705

(b) the premises in which those operations are to be carried Part II

out;

(c) the equipment which is or will be available on those

premises for carrying out those operations;

(d) the qualifications of the persons under whose super-

vision those operations will be carried out; and

(e) the arrangements made or to be made for securing

the safekeeping of, and the maintenance of adequate records in respect of, medicinal products manufactured or assembled in pursuance of the licence.

(6) In dealing with an application for a wholesale dealer’s licence the licensing authority shall in particular take into consideration—

(a) the premises on which medicinal products of the de-

scriptions to which the application relates will be stored;

(b) the equipment which is or will be available for storing

medicinal products on those premises;

(c) the equipment and facilities which are or will be avail-

able for distributing medicinal products from those premises; and

(d) the arrangements made or to be made for securing the

safekeeping of, and the maintenance of adequate records in respect of, medicinal products stored on or distributed from those premises.

(7) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to licences of right.

2$.—(1) Subject to the last preceding section, and to the Grant or following provisions of this Act, on any application to the licens- of ing authority for a licence under this Part of this Act theuccnce* licensing authority—

(a) may grant a licence containing such provisions as they

consider appropriate, or

(b) if, having regard to the provisions of this Act, they con-

sider it necessary or expedient to do so, may refuse to grant a licence.

(2) The licensing authority shall not refuse to grant such a licence on any grounds relating to the price of any product, and shall not insert in any such licence any provisions as to the price at which any product may be sold, supplied, imported or exported.

(3) The licensing authority shall not refuse to grant such a licence on any grounds relating to the safety, quality or efficacy

1706

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part II

Procedure on reference to appropriate committee or Commission.

of medicinal products of any description, except after consultation with the appropriate committee or, if for the time being there is no such committee, with the Commission.

(4) Where the licensing authority grant a licence under this Part of this Act, they shall send a copy of the licence to every committee established under section 4 of this Act whose functions consist of or include the giving, in relation to medicinal products of any description to which the licence relates, of advice with respect to safety, quality or efficacy, or, if for the time being there is no such committee, the licensing authority shall send a copy of the licence to the Commission.

(5) Where on an application for a licence under this Part of this Act—

(a) the licensing authority refuse to grant a licence, or

(b) the licensing authority grant a licence otherwise than in accordance with the application, and the applicant requests the licensing authority to state their reasons,

the licensing authority shall serve on the applicant a notice stating the reasons for their decision.

21.—(1) Where the appropriate committee or the Commission are consulted under subsection (3) of section 20 of this Act with respect to an application for the grant of a licence, and on any such grounds as are specified in that subsection they have reason to think that they may be unable to advise the licensing authority to grant the licence, or may be unable to advise the licensing authority to grant it unless it contains provisions otherwise than in accordance with the application, the committee or Commission shall notify the applicant accordingly, and, before giving their advice to the licensing authority, shall afford to him an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by them, or of making representations in writing to them with respect to those grounds.

(2) Where the applicant has availed himself of the opportunity of being heard under the preceding subsection, or alter considering any representations made by him under that subsection, the appropriate committee or the Commission, as the case may be, shall report to the licensing authority their findings and advice and the reasons for their advice and the licensing authority shall take that report into account in determining the application.

(3) Whether the applicant has been heard or has made representations under subsection (1) of this section or not, if the appropriate committee or the Commission advise the licensing authority that the licence ought on any such grounds as are referred to in that subsection to be refused, or ought, if granted.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1707

to contain provisions specified in their advice, the licensing authority shall serve notice on the applicant stating the advice so given to the authority and the reasons stated by the appropriate committee or the Commission for giving that advice.

(4) If, within the time allowed after the service of a notice under subsection (3) of this section, in a case where the applicant has not been heard by, or made representations to, the Commission under subsection (1) of this section, he gives notice to the licensing authority of his desire to be heard with respect to the advice given to the authority, or makes representations in writing to the licensing authority with respect to that advice, then, before determining the application,—

(a) if the applicant has given notice of his desire to be

heard, the licensing authority shall arrange for him to have an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, die Commission, or

(b) if he has made representations in writing, the licensing

authority shall refer those representations to the Commission,

and, where the applicant has availed himself of the opportunity of being heard, or after considering the representations, as the case may be, the Commission shall report to the licensing authority their findings and advice and the reasons for their advice, and the licensing authority shall take that report into account in determining die application.

(5) If the licensing authority—

(a) propose to determine the application in a way which differs from the advice of the Commission under subsection (2) or subsection (4) of this section, or

(b) where there has been no hearing before, and no repre-

sentations have been made or referred to, the Commission, propose to determine the application in a way which differs from the advice of the appropriate committee under subsection (2) of this section, or

(c) in the absence of any such advice as is mentioned

in either of the preceding paragraphs, propose to determine the application in a way which differs from the advice given by the appropriate committee or the Commission, or

(d) propose, on grounds not relating to safety, quality or

efficacy, to refuse to grant the licence, or to grant a licence otherwise than in accordance with the application,

the licensing authority shall notify the applicant accordingly, and, before determining the application, shall afford to the

Part U

1708

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 196

Part n applicant an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed for the purpose by the licensing authority, or of making representations in writing to the licensing authority with respect to that proposal.

(6) Any notification given to the applicant under subsection

(5) of this section—

(a) in a case falling within paragraph (<) or paragraph (b) of that subsection, shall state the advice of the Commission or of the appropriate committee and the reasons stated by the Commission or the committee for giving that advice, or

(b) in a case falling within paragraph (c) of that subsection, shall state the advice given by the appropriate committee or the Commission and the reasons stated by the committee or the Commission for giving that advice,

and in a case falling within paragraph (d) of that subsection (whether it also falls within any of the other paragraphs of that subsection or not) the notification shall include a statement of the proposals of the licensing authority and of the reasons for them.

(7) Where under subsection (5) of this section the applicant avails himself of the opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed for the purpose by the licensing authority—

(a) the person so appointed shall not, except with the

consent of the applicant, be an officer or servant of any of the Ministers specified in paragraphs (a) and

(b) of section 1(1) of this Act;

(b) if the applicant so requests, the hearing shall be in

public; and

(c) if the applicant so requests, the licensing authority

shall furnish to him a copy of the report of the person so appointed.

(8) In this Part of this Act " the time allowed " means fhe period of twenty-eight days or such extended period as the licensing authority may in any particular case allow.

Procedure in 22.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where

other cases. an application is made for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act and the provisions of section 21 of this Act do not apply.

(2) If the licensing authority propose to refuse to grant the licence, or propose to grant a licence otherwise than in accordance with the application, they shall serve notice on the applicant stating their proposals and the reasons for them.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1709

(3) If, within the time allowed after the service of a notice Part II under subsection (2) of this section, the applicant gives notice to

the licensing authority of his desire to be heard under this subsection, or makes representations in writing to the licensing authority with respect to their proposals, then, before determining the application, the licensing authority shall afford to him an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed for the purpose by the licensing authority, or shall take those representations into account, as the case may be.

(4) Subsection (7) of section 21 of this Act shall have effect in relation to a person appointed under subsection (3) of this section as it has effect in relation to a person appointed under subsection (5) of that section.

23.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act Special relating to clinical trials and medicinal tests on animals and to Pr<2fc!2n8fas the following provisions of this section, a manufacturer’s licence mamifacuirer,s shall not have effect so as to authorise the manufacture or licence, assembly of medicinal products of any description for sale or supply to any other person, or for exportation, unless either—

(a) the holder of the licence is also the holder of a product

licence which is applicable to medicinal products of that description, or

(b) the products are manufactured or assembled to the

order of a person who is the holder of such a product licence,

and (in either case) the products are manufactured or assembled in accordance with that product licence.

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, the preceding subsection shall not have effect in relation to die manufacture or assembly of any medicinal product to the order of a practitioner, where the practitioner—

(a) being a doctor or dentist, states that the product is

required for administration to a patient of his or is required, at the request of another doctor or dentist, for administration to a patient of that other doctor or dentist, or

(b) being a veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner,

states that the product is required for administration to an animal or herd which is under his care or is required, at the request of another veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner, for administration to an animal or herd which is under the care of that other veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner, and shall not have effect in relation to the manufacture or assembly of any medicinal product to the order of a pharmacist in accordance with a prescription given by a practitioner.

1710

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part II

Duration and renewal of licence.

(3) The exemption conferred by the last preceding sub-section—

(a) in a case falling within paragraph ( ) of that subsection,

or

(b) in so far as it relates to the manufacture or assembly

of a medicinal product to the order of a pharmacist, does not apply to a vaccine specially prepared for administration to poultry.

(4) If by virtue of an order made under section 15 of this Act an exemption is conferred in respect of the restrictions imposed by section 7 of this Act, but no corresponding exemption is conferred in respect of the restrictions imposed by section 8(2) of this Act, the order may provide that subsection (1) of this section shall have effect subject to such exceptions or modifications as the Ministers consider appropriate in the circumstances.

(5) Where subsection (1) of this section has effect in relation to medicinal products of any description, and the conditions specified in that subsection are not fulfilled, the manufacture or assembly of medicinal products of that description for sale or supply to another person, or for exportation, notwithstanding that it complies with die provisions contained in the manufacturer’s licence, shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be not in accordance with that licence.

24.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, every licence granted under this Part of this Act, unless previously renewal or revoked, shall expire at the end of the period of five years from the date on which it was granted or the date as from which it was last renewed, as the case may be, or at the end of such shorter period from that date as may be specified in the licence as granted or last renewed.

(2) Any such licence, if it has not been revoked, may, on the application of the holder of the licence, be renewed by the licensing authority for a further period of five years from the date on which it would otherwise expire or such shorter period from that date as the licensing authority may determine.

(3) On an application to the licensing authority for the renewal of a licence under this Part of this Act, the licensing authority—

(a) may renew the licence, with or without modifications, for such a further period as is mentioned in subsection

(2) of this section, or

(h) may grant to the applicant a new licence containing such provisions as the licensing authority consider appropriate, or

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1711

(c) if, having regard to the provisions of this Act, they Part II consider it necessary or expedient to do so, may refuse to renew the licence or to grant a new licence.

(4) In relation to any such application the provisions of sections 18 and 19, subsections (2) to (5) of section 20 and sections 21 and 22 of this Act shall have effect as if in those provisions any reference to refusing a licence included a reference to refusing to renew a licence and any reference to granting a licence included a reference to renewing it

(5) Every application for the grant or renewal of a licence under this Part of this Act shall, unless it otherwise expressly provides, be taken to be an application for the grant or renewal of the licence for the full period of five years mentioned in subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section, as the case may be; and in this Part of this Act any reference (including a reference implied by virtue of the last preceding subsection) to the grant or renewal of a licence otherwise than in accordance with the application shall be construed accordingly.

(6) Where an application for the renewal of a licence under this Act has been duly made—

(a) the licence shall not cease to be in force by virtue of

the preceding provisions of this section before the licensing authority have determined the application, and

(b) if by an interim order made under section 107(3)(a) of

this Act the operation of the decision of the licensing authority on the application is suspended, the licence shall not cease to be in force by virtue of those provisions so long as the operation of the decision continues to be suspended by the order.

Licences of right

25.—(1) Where any of the provisions of subsections (2) to Entitlement

(5) of section 16 of this Act has effect in relation to a person, he to licence may, before such date as may be appointed for the purposes of nght* of this section by an order made by the Ministers, make an application in accordance with section 18 of this Act, stating that it is an application for a licence of right

(2) On any such application made as mentioned in the preceding subsection the applicant, on proving that any of the provisions of subsections (2) to (5) of section 16 of this Act has effect in relation to him, shall be entitled to the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act in accordance with the next following section.

31

1712 Ch. 67 Medicines Act 1968

Part n (3) In this section and in sections 26 and 27 of this Act any reference to proof is a reference to proof to the reasonable satisfaction of the licensing authority

(4) In this Act " licence of right" means a licence to which a person is entitled by virtue of this section, including such a licence which has been renewed (with or without modifications) but not a licence granted instead of the renewal of such a licence.

Scope of licence of right in different cases.

26.—(1) Where a person is entitled to the grant of a licence of right by reason that subsection (2) or subsection (3) of section 16 of this Act has effect in relation to him, he shall be entitled to the grant of a product licence; but, subject to the following provisions of this section,—

(a) the licence shall be granted so as not to extend to medicinal products of any description other than those in respect of which the conditions specified in the subsection in question are proved to have been fulfilled, and

(b) where the conditions specified in subsection (3) (but not those specified in subsection (2)) of that section are proved to have been fulfilled, then, without prejudice to the preceding paragraph, the licence granted shall be limited to the importation of medicinal products.

(2) Where a person is entitled to the grant of a licence of right by reason that subsection (4) of section 16 of this Act has effect in relation to him, he shall be entitled to the grant of a manufacturer’s licence; but, subject to the following provisions of this section, the licence shall be granted so as not to extend—

(a) to medicinal products of any description, unless it is proved that medicinal products of that description were being manufactured or assembled in the course of the business in question during the period mentioned in that subsection, or

(b) to operations of any kind other than those in relation to which that subsection has been proved to have effect

(3) Where a person is entitled to the grant of a licence of right by reason that subsection (5) of section 16 of this Act has effect in relation to him, he shall be entitled to the grant of a wholesale dealer's licence.

(4) A licence of right granted in accordance with subsection

(1) or subsection (2) of this section shall (without prejudice to either of those subsections) be granted subject to such provisions as appear to the licensing authority to be requisite for securing that the specification of medicinal products of any

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1713

description to which the licence relates, and the purposes for PaktII which any such products are authorised by the licence to be sold, supplied, exported, imported, manufactured or assembled, will be in accordance with those stated in the application for the licence.

(5) Where a licence of right—

(a) is granted in accordance with subsection (1) or sub-

section (2) of this section in circumstances where, immediately before the first appointed day, the manufacture of medicinal products of any description to which the licence relates was authorised by a licence issued under Part I of the Therapeutic Substances 1956 c. 25. Act 1956 or under Part II of the Diseases of Animals 1950 c. 36. Act 1950 or of the Diseases of Animals Act (Northern 1958 c. 13 Ireland) 1958. or (N.I.).

(b) is granted in accordance with subsection (1) of this

section in circumstances where, immediately before the first appointed day, the importation of medicinal products of any such description was authorised by a licence so issued,

the provisions of the licence so issued, and the provisions of any regulations made under Part I of the Therapeutic Substances Act 1956 or (as the case may be) of any order made under Part II of the said Act of 1950 or of the said Act of 1958, in so far as immediately before that day they were applicable to medicinal products of that description, shall be deemed to be incorporated in the licence of right granted under this Act, in its application to medicinal products of that description, and shall have effect accordingly as provisions of the licence of right until it expires or is renewed.

(6) A breach of any requirement imposed by this section in respect of the grant of a licence shall not invalidate the licence; and, except as provided by section 107 of this Act, the duty of the licensing authority to comply with any such requirement shall not be enforceable by any legal proceedings.

27.—(1) Sections 19 to 22 of this Act shall not have effect Proceedings in relation to any application for a licence of right. on application

(2) If on any such application the licensing authority— bright!*

(a) propose to refuse to grant a licence on that application,

on the grounds that none of the provisions of subsections (2) to (5) of section 16 of this Act has been proved to have effect in relation to the applicant, or

(b) propose to grant a licence which will not extend to

some of the matters specified in the application, the licensing authority shall, before the end of the period of three months from the date on which the application is received

312

1714

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part n by them, serve on the applicant a notice stating their proposals and die reasons for them and, in a case falling within paragraph

(b) of this subsection, the matters specified in the application to which it is proposed that the licence should not extend.

(3) If, within the time allowed after the service of a notice under subsection (2) of this section, the applicant gives notice to the licensing authority of his desire to be heard under this subsection or makes representations in writing to the licensing authority with respect to their proposals, then, before determining the application, the licensing authority shall afford to him an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed for the purpose by the licensing authority, or shall take those representations into account, as the case may be.

(4) Where the applicant avails himself of the opportunity afforded to him in pursuance of subsection (3) of this section or makes representations in writing as mentioned in that subsection, then if—

(a) the licensing authority refuse to grant a licence on the

application, or

(b) grant a licence otherwise than in accordance with the

application, and the applicant requests the licensing authority to state their reasons,

the licensing authority shall serve on the applicant a notice stating the reasons for their decision.

(5) If, in a case where the licensing authority have served a notice under subsection (2) of this section, the application is not finally disposed of before the date which, in relation to any matters specified in the application, is the relevant date, then on and after that date, and until the application has been finally disposed of, the provisions of this Act shall have effect in relation to those matters as if the licensing authority had granted a licence of right in accordance with the application.

(6) Where, on an application for a licence of right, the licensing authority do not serve a notice under subsection (2) of this section before the end of the period mentioned in that subsection, the licensing authority shall be required to grant a licence in accordance with sections 25 and 26 of this Act as if all the matters specified in the application had been proved; and if such a licence has not been granted before the date which, in relation to any of those matters, is the relevant date, the provisions of this Act shall have effect on and after that date in relation to those matters as if the licensing authority had granted a licence of right in accordance with the application.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1715

(7) For the purposes of this section the relevant date, in Part II relation to any matters specified in an application, is the date

on which, in accordance with one or more orders made under section 17 of this Act, that subsection of section 16 of this Act which has effect in relation to those matters ceases to have effect in relation to them; and an application shall for the purposes of this section be taken to be finally disposed of on (but not before) the occurrence of whichever of the following events last occurs, that is to say—

(a) the licensing authority make a decision determining

the application;

(b) the time within which an application under section 107

of this Act with respect to that decision can be made expires without its having been made;

(c) if such an application under section 107 of this Act is

made, the proceedings on the application under that section are finally determined or abandoned or otherwise disposed of;

(d) if there is an appeal against the decision in any such proceedings as are mentioned in paragraph (c) of this subsection, or an appeal against the decision on such an appeal, the proceedings on that appeal are finally determined or abandoned or otherwise disposed of;

(e) the time for bringing any such appeal as is mentioned in paragraph (d) of (his subsection expires without its having been brought.

(8) Subsection (7) of section 21 of this Act shall have effect in relation to a person appointed under subsection (3) of this section as it has effect in relation to a person appointed under subsection (5) of that section.

Suspension, revocation and variation of licences

2&—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of General power this Act, the licensing authority may suspend a licence undert0 suspend, this Part of this Act for such period as the authority may deter- f^ces°r mine, or may revoke, or vary the provisions of, any such licence.

(2) The suspension or revocation of a licence under this section may be total or may be limited to medicinal products of one or more descriptions or to medicinal products manufactured, assembled or stored on any particular premises or in a particular part of any premises.

(3) The powers conferred by this section shall not be exercisable by die licensing authority in relation to a product licence except on one or more of the following grounds, that is to say—

(a) that the matters stated in the application on which the licence was granted were false or incomplete in a material particular;

313

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

(6) that any of the provisions of the licence has to a material extent been contravened by the holder of the licence or by a person procured by him to manufacture or assemble medicinal products of a description to which the licence relates;

(c) that medicinal products of any such description, as sold, supplied, exported, imported, manufactured or assembled in pursuance of the licence, fail to a material extent to correspond to the characteristics by reference to which the licence was granted; id)that the holder of the licence has without reasonable excuse failed to comply with a requirement imposed on him under section 44(2) of this Act to furnish information to the licensing authority with respect to medicinal products of any such description;

(e) that any premises on which, or in part of which, medicinal products of any such description are manufactured, assembled or stored by or on behalf of the holder of the licence are unsuitable;

(/) in the case of a licence other than a licence of right, that the holder of the licence has not, within two years after the grant of the licence, notified to the licensing authority, in relation to each description of medicinal products to which the licence relates, a date on which medicinal products of that description were effectively on the market in the United Kingdom;

ig) that medicinal products of any description to which the licence relates can no longer be regarded as products which can safely be administered for the purposes indicated in the licence, or can no longer be regarded as efficacious for those purposes;

(h) that the specification and standards to which medicinal products of any such description are manufactured can no longer be regarded as satisfactory.

(4) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the powers conferred by this section shall not be exercisable in relation to a manufacturer’s licence or a wholesale dealer’s licence except on one or more of the following grounds, that is to say—

(a) that the matters stated in the application on which the

licence was granted were false or incomplete in a material particular;

(b) that a material change of circumstances has occurred

in relation to any of those matters;

(c) that any of the provisions of the licence has to a material

extent been contravened by the holder of the licence;

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1717

(d) that the holder of the licence has without reasonable Part II excuse failed to comply with a requirement imposed on him under section 44(2) of this Act to furnish information to the licensing authority with respect to medicinal products of a description to which the licence relates.

(5) In relation to a manufacturer’s licence, the powers conferred by this section shall be exercisable on either of the following grounds, in addition to those specified in subsection

(4) of this section, that is to say—

(a) that the holder of the manufacturer’s licence has carried

out processes of manufacture or assembly to the order of another person who is the holder of a product licence, and has habitually failed to comply with the provisions of that product licence;

(b) that the holder of the manufacturer’s licence does not

have the requisite facilities for carrying out properly processes of manufacture or assembly authorised by the licence.

(6) In relation to a wholesale dealer’s licence, the powers conferred by this section shall be exercisable on the following grounds, in addition to those specified in subsection (4) of this section, that is to say, that the equipment and facilities for storing or distributing medicinal products which are available to the holder of the licence are inadequate to maintain the quality of medicinal products of one or more descriptions to which the application for the licence related.

(7) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect subject to the next following section.

29. —(1) The provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have procedure

effect where the licensing authority propose to exercise anywhere

power conferred by section 28 of this Act. licensing

authority

(2) Without prejudice to any requirement of that Schedule propose to as to the service of notices, where in the exercise of any such suspend, power the licensing authority suspend, revoke or vary a licence, vary lkence they shall serve on the holder of the licence a notice giving un(jer s. 28. particulars of the suspension, revocation or variation and of the reasons for their decision to suspend, revoke or vary the licence.

30. Without prejudice to any power exercisable by virtue variation of of section 28 of this Act, the licensing authority may, on the licence on application of the holder of a licence under this Part of this application Act, vary the provisions of the licence in accordance with any of holder, proposals contained in the application, if they are satisfied that

314

1718

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part n the variation will not adversely affect the safety, quality or efficacy of medicinal products of any description to which the licence relates.

Clinical trials and medicinal tests on animals

Clinical trials. 31.—(1) In this Act " clinical trial " means an investigation or

series of investigations consisting of the administration of one or more medicinal products of a particular description—

(a) by, or under the direction of, a doctor or dentist to one

or more patients of his, or

(b) by, or under the direction of, two or more doctors or dentists, each product being administered by, or under the direction of, one or other of those doctors or dentists to one or more patients of his,

where (in any such case) there is evidence that medicinal products of that description have effects which may be beneficial to the patient or patients in question and the administration of the product or products is for the purpose of ascertaining whether, or to what extent, the product has, or the products have, those or any other effects, whether beneficial or harmful.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this Act, no person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him,—

(a) sell or supply any medicinal product for the purposes of a

clinical trial, or

(b) procure the sale or supply of any medicinal product for

the purposes of a clinical trial, or

(c) procure the manufacture or assembly of any medicinal

product for sale or supply for the purposes of a clinical trial,

unless one or other of the conditions specified in the next following subsection is fulfilled.

(3) Those conditions, in relation to a person doing any of the things specified in the preceding subsection, are—

(a) that he is the holder of a product licence which authorises

the clinical trial in question, or does it to the order of the holder of such a licence, and (in either case) he does it in accordance with that licence;

(b) that a certificate for the purposes of this section (in this

Act referred to as a " clmical trial certificate ") has been issued certifying that, subject to the provisions of the certificate, the licensing authority have consented to the clinical trial in question and that certificate is for the time being in force and the trial is to be carried out in accordance with that certificate.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1719

(4) Subject to the following provisions of this Act, no person shall import any medicinal product for the purposes of a clinical trial unless either—

(i a) he is the holder of a product licence which authorises that clinical trial or imports the product to the order of the holder of such a licence, and (in either case) he imports it in accordance with that licence, or

(b) a clinical trial certificate has been issued certifying as mentioned in subsection (3)(b) of this section and that certificate is for the time being in force and the trial is to be carried out in accordance with that certificate.

(5) Subject to the next following subsection, the restrictions imposed by the preceding provisions of this section do not apply to a doctor or dentist in respect of his selling or supplying, or procuring the sale or supply of, a medicinal product, or procuring the manufacture or assembly of a medicinal product specially prepared to his order, or specially importing a medicinal product, where (in any such case) he is, or acts at the request of, the doctor or dentist by whom, or under whose direction, the product is to be administered.

(6) The exemptions conferred by the last preceding subsection do not apply in a case where the clinical trial in question is to be carried out under arrangements made by, or at the request of, a third party (that is to say, a person who is not the doctor or dentist, or one of the doctors or dentists, by whom, or under whose direction, one or more medicinal products are to be administered in that trial).

(7) The restrictions imposed by subsection (2) of this section do not apply to anything which is done in a registered pharmacy, a hospital or a health centre and is done there by or under the supervision of a pharmacist in accordance with a prescription given by a doctor or dentist; and those restrictions do not apply to anything done by or under the supervision of a pharmacist which consists of procuring the preparation or dispensing of a medicinal product in accordance with a prescription given by a doctor or dentist, or of procuring the assembly of a medicinal product.

(8) The restrictions imposed by subsection (2) of this section also do not apply to anything done in relation to a medicinal product where—

(a) it is done by the person who, in the course of a business carried on by him, has manufactured or assembled the product, where he has manufactured or assembled it to the order of a doctor or dentist who has stated that it is required for administration to a patient of his or is required, at the request of another doctor or dentist,

31*

PaktU

1720

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part H

Medicinal tests on

animals.

for administration to a patient of that other doctor or dentist, or

(b) it is done by the person who, in the course of a business

carried on by him, has manufactured or assembled the product to the order of a pharmacist in accordance with a prescription given by a practitioner, or

(c) it consists of selling the product by way of wholesale

dealing where it has been manufactured or assembled in the circumstances specified in paragraph (a) or paragraph (Jb) of this subsection.

(9) For the purposes of this section a product licence shall be taken to be a licence which authorises a particular clinical trial if—

(a) the trial is to be a trial of medicinal products of a des-

cription to which the licence relates, and

(b) the uses of medicinal products of that description which

are referred to in the licence are such as to include their use for the purposes of that trial.

(10) A clinical trial certificate may certify as mentioned in subsection (3 )(b) of this section without specifying the doctor or dentist (or, if there is to be more than one, any of the doctors or dentists) by whom, or under whose direction, any medicinal product is to be administered, or the patient or patients to whom any medicinal product is to be administered.

32.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Act, no person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him,—

(a) sell or supply any medicinal product for the purposes of

a medicinal test on animals, or

(b) procure the sale or supply of any medicinal product for

the purposes of such a test, or

(c) procure the manufacture or assembly of any medicinal

product for sale or supply for the purposes of such a test,

unless one or other of the conditions specified in the next following subsection is fulfilled.

(2) Those conditions, in relation to a person doing any of the things specified in the preceding subsection, are—

(a) that he is the holder of a product licence which authorises

the test in question, or he does it to the order of the holder of such a licence, and (in either case) he does it in accordance with that licence;

(b) that a certificate for the purposes of this section (in this

Act referred to as an " animal test certificate ") has been issued certifying that, subject to the provisions of the

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1721

certificate, the licensing authority have consented to the Part n test in question and that certificate is for the time being in force and the test is to be carried out in accordance with that certificate.

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this Act, no person shall import any medicinal product for the purposes of a medicinal test on animals unless either—

(a) he is the holder of a product licence which authorises

that test, or imports the product to the order of the holder of such a licence, and (in either case) he imports it in accordance with that licence, or

(b) an animal test certificate has been issued certifying as

mentioned in subsection (2)(b) of this section and that certificate is for the time being in force and the test is to be carried out in accordance with that certificate.

(4) Subject to the following provisions of this Act, no person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him, administer any substance or article to an animal by way of a medicinal test on animals, or procure any substance or article to be so administered, unless either—

(a) in the case of a medicinal product, there is in force a

product licence (whether held by him or by another person) which authorises that test and the product is administered in accordance with that licence or in accordance with any instructions required by the licence to be communicated to the person carrying out the test, or

(b) whether the substance or article is a medicinal product

or not, an animal test certificate has been issued certifying as mentioned in subsection (2 of this section and that certificate is for the time being in force and the substance or article is administered in accordance with that certificate.

(5) For the purposes of this section a product licence shall be taken to be a licence which authorises a particular medicinal test on animals if—

(a) the substance or article to be administered in the test is a

medicinal product of a description to which the licence relates, and

(b) the uses of medicinal products of that description which

are referred to in the licence are such as to include their use for the purposes of that test.

(6) In this Act " medicinal test on animals " means an investigation or series of investigations consisting of any of the following, that is to say—

(a) the administration of a medicinal product of a particular description to one or more animals, where there is

31* 2

1722

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part n

Exemptions in respect of medicinal tests on animals.

evidence that medicinal products of that description have effects which may be beneficial to, or otherwise advantageous in relation to, that animal or those animals, and the product is administered for the purpose of ascertaining whether, or to what extent, it has those or any other effects, whether advantageous or otherwise;

(b) the administration of a medicinal product to one or more

animals in circumstances where there is no such evidence as is mentioned in the preceding paragraph, and the product is administered for the purpose of ascertaining whether, or to what extent, it has any effects relevant to a medicinal purpose;

(c) the administration of any substance or article, other than

a medicinal product, to one or more animals for the purpose of ascertaining whether it has any effects relevant to a medicinal purpose, whether there is evidence that it has effects which may be beneficial to, or otherwise advantageous in relation to, that animal or those animals or not.

33.—(1) The restrictions imposed by subsections (1) and (4) of section 32 of this Act do not apply to anything done in relation to a substance or article for the purposes or by way of a medicinal test on animals if—

(a) the test is, or is to be, carried out in circumstances where

there is no evidence that the substance or article has effects which may be beneficial to, or otherwise advantageous in relation to, the animal or animals to which it is, or is to be, administered, and

(b) the arrangements for the test are such as to secure that

no animal to which the substance or article is administered in the course of the test, and no carcase or part of the carcase or produce of any such animal, will be sold or supplied for human consumption.

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, the restrictions imposed by subsections (1) and (4) of that section do not apply to a veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner in respect of his—

(a) selling or supplying, or procuring the sale or supply of,

a medicinal product for the purpose of its being administered to one or more animals which are under his care, or

(b) procuring the manufacture or assembly of a medicinal

product where the product is specially prepared to his order for the purpose of its being administered to one or more such animals, or

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. <57

1723

(c) administering a substance or article to an animal which Part II is under his care, or procuring a substance or article to be so administered.

(3) Subsection (2) of this section shall not have effect in relation to a veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner where the medicinal test in question is to be carried out under arrangements made by, or at the request of, another person, and (where the arrangements are made by the veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner and not at the request of any other person) shall not have effect so as to exempt from the restrictions in question anything done—

(a) in relation to a vaccine specially prepared for administration to poultry, or

(b) in relation to any other vaccine, unless the vaccine is

specially prepared for administration to the animal from which it is derived, or

(c) in relation to plasma or a serum, unless the plasma or serum is specially prepared for administration to one or more animals in the herd from which it is derived.

(4) Subject to subsection (6) of this section, the restrictions imposed by subsection (1) of that section do not apply to anything which is done in a registered pharmacy and is done there by or under the supervision of a pharmacist and consists of dispensing a medicinal product in accordance with a prescription given by a veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner; and those restrictions do not apply to anything done by or under the supervision of a pharmacist which consists of procuring the preparation or dispensing of a medicinal product in accordance with a prescription given by a veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner or of procuring the assembly of a medicinal product.

(5) Subject to subsection (6) of this section, the restrictions imposed by subsection (1) of that section also do not apply to anything done in relation to a medicinal product where—

(a) it is done by the person who, in the course of a business

carried on by him, has manufactured or assembled the product to the order of a veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner who has stated that it is required for administration to an animal or herd which is under his care, or is required, at the request of another veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner, for administration to an animal or herd which is under the care of that other veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner, or

(b) it is done by the person who, in the course of a business

carried on by him, has manufactured or assembled the product to the order of a pharmacist in accordance with a prescription given by a practitioner, or

31*3

1724

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part n

Restrictions as to animals on which medicinal tests have been carried out.

Supplementary provisions as to clinical trials and medicinal tests on animals.

(c) it consists of selling the product by way of wholesale dealing where it has been manufactured or assembled in the circumstances specified in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of this subsection.

(6) The exemptions conferred by subsections (4) and (5) of this section do not apply to a vaccine specially prepared for administration to poultry, and do not apply to any other vaccine or any plasma or serum prepared or dispensed for administration to an animal or herd unless—

(a) in the case of a vaccine, it is specially prepared for

administration to the animal from which it is derived, or

(b) in the case of plasma or a serum, it has been specially

prepared for administration to one or more animals in the herd from which it is derived.

34. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Act, no person shall in the course of a business carried on by him sell or supply for human consumption an animal to which in the course of that business a substance or article has been administered by way of a test to which this section applies, or the carcase or any part of the carcase or any produce of such an animal, unless—

(a) at the time when the substance or article was so admini-

stered there was in force an animal test certificate issued in respect of that test, and

(b) all the provisions of that certificate relating to the carrying

out of the test and the disposal of the animal or its carcase or produce are, and have at all material times been, complied with.

(2) This section applies to any medicinal test on animals which is carried out in the course of the business of the person who has manufactured the substance or article administered in the test, or is carried out on his behalf in the course of the business of a laboratory or research establishment carried on by another person, and (in either case) is so carried out on one or more animals kept in the course of the business of the person carrying out the test.

35. —(1) The restrictions imposed by section 7 of this Act do not apply to anything done in accordance with a clinical trial certificate or an animal test certificate.

(2) The restrictions imposed by section 8(2) of this Act—

(a) do not apply to the manufacture or assembly of any medicinal product for the sole purpose of its being administered by way of a clinical trial, or of its being sold, supplied or exported for the sole purpose of being so administered, and

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1725

(b) do not apply to the manufacture or assembly of any medicinal product for the sole purpose of its being administered by way of a medicinal test on animals, or of its being sold, supplied or exported for the sole purpose of its being so administered, unless the product falls within a class of medicinal products specified in an order made for the purposes of this paragraph by the Agriculture Ministers.

(3) No class of medicinal products shall be specified in an order for the purposes of paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of this section unless it appears to the Agriculture Ministers to be requisite to do so for securing that the exemption conferred by that paragraph does not apply to medicinal products consisting wholly or partly of substances the purity or potency of which cannot, in their opinion, be adequately tested by chemical means.

(4) Neither the restrictions imposed by section 7 of this Act nor those imposed by section 31(2) of this Act apply to anything done exclusively for the purpose of a clinical trial which is to be carried out wholly outside the United Kingdom; and neither he restrictions imposed by section 7 of this Act nor those imposed by section 32(1) of this Act apply to anything done in relation to a medicinal product for the purposes of a medicinal test on animals which is to be carried out wholly outside the United Kingdom, unless the product falls within a class specified in an order made for the purposes of subsection (2 of this section.

(5) Where the holder of a manufacturer’s licence manufactures or assembles any medicinal product for sale or supply for the purposes of a clinical trial or a medicinal test on animals, and—

(a) a clinical trial certificate or animal test certificate has

been issued and is for the time being in force in respect of that trial or test, and the trial or test is to be carried out in accordance with that certificate, and

(b) the product is so manufactured or assembled as to

comply with any requirements of the certificate relating to the products to be administered in the trial or test,

then, if the conditions specified in subsection (1) of section 23 of this Act are not fulfilled in relation to the product, that section shall have effect in relation to it as if those conditions were fulfilled.

(6) Without prejudice to subsection (5) of this section, section 23(1) of this Act shall not have effect in relation to the manufacture or assembly of any medicinal product for sale or supply for the purposes of a medicinal test on animals, where the product falls within a class specified in an order made for the purposes of subsection (2)(b) of this section.

3 I. 4

Part II

1726

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part II

Application for, and issue of, certificate.

(7) For the purposes of sections 31 and 32 of this Act a person shall not be treated as doing anything, or procuring anything to be done, for the purposes of a clinical trial or of a medicinal test on animals if—

(a) the trial or test is, or is to be, carried out under arrange-

ments to which he is not a party, and

(b) he has not been informed of those arrangements.

(8) The appropriate Ministers may by order provide —

(a) that subsection (2) or subsection (4) of section 31 of this Act shall have effect subject to such exemptions (other than those for the time being having effect by virtue of subsections (5) to (8) of that section and subsection (4) of this section) as may be specified in the order;

(b) that section 32 of this Act shall have effect subject to such exemptions (other than those for the time being having effect by virtue of section 33 of this Act and subsection

(4) of this section) as may be so specified.

(9) Any exemption conferred by an order under subsection (8) of this section may be conferred subject to such conditions or limitations as may be specified in the order.

(10) The appropriate Ministers may by order provide that any of the provisions of subsections (5) to (8) of section 31 of this Act, or any of the provisions of section 33 of this Act, or subsection (4) of this section, shall cease to have effect, or shall have effect subject to such exceptions or modifications as may be specified in the order.

(11) No order shall be made under subsection (10) of this section unless a draft of the order has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

36.—(1) Any application for a clinical trial certificate or an animal test certificate shall be made to the licensing authority and shall be made in such form and manner, and shall contain, or be accompanied by, such information, documents, samples and other material, as may be prescribed.

(2) In dealing with any such application, the licensing authority shall have regard in particular to any evidence available to them as to any risks involved in the proposed clinical trial or medicinal test on animals.

(3) Subject to the next following section, the provisions of sections 20 to 22 of this Act shall have effect in relation to applications for clinical trial certificates or animal test certificates, as if in those sections any reference to a licence under this Part of this Act were a reference to such a certificate.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1727

37.—(1) The provisions of sections 31. 32, 34 and 36 of this Part II Act shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this Transitional section. provisions as

to clinical trials

(2) The restrictions imposed by sections 31 and 32 of this Act ^dicinal do not apply to anything done before the first appointed day, animals, and the restrictions imposed by section 34 of this Act do not apply where the substance or article in question was administered before that day.

(3) Where, in the course of a series of investigations carried out during a period ending on the first appointed day,—

(a) medicinal products of a particular description have been

administered by way of a clinical trial, or

(b) substances or articles have been administered by way of a medicinal test on animals,

the restrictions imposed by section 31 or section 32 of this Act do not apply to anything done in relation to medicinal products of that description or (as the case may be) in relation to similar substances or articles for the purpose of continuing that series of investigations, if it is done on or after the first appointed day but before such date as may be appointed for the purposes of this section by an order made by the Ministers.

(4) If, on an application for a clinical trial certificate or an animal test certificate which is made before the date appointed for the purposes of this section, it is proved to the reasonable satisfaction of the licensing authority that—

(a) medicinal products of a description specified in the

application were administered by way of a clinical trial or (as the case may be) substances or articles so specified were administered by way of a medicinal test on animals in the course of a series of investigations as mentioned in subsection (3) of this section, and

(b) that series of investigations was in progress immediately

before the first appointed day, and

(c) the certificate is required for the purpose of continuing

the series,

the applicant shall be entitled to the issue of a certificate such as will enable the series to be continued and completed within a reasonable time after the date appointed for the purposes of this section.

(5) Section 36(3) of this Act shall not have effect in relation to any application for a certificate as being a certificate to which the applicant is entitled by virtue of subsection (4) of this

1728

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part II

Duration and renewal of certificate.

section; but the provisions of section 27 of this Act shall have effect in relation to any such application, as if—

(a) any reference in that section to a licence of right were

a reference to such a certificate;

(b) for the reference in subsection (2 of that section to

the grounds of refusal therein mentioned there were substituted a reference to the grounds that the conditions specified in subsection (4) of this section have not been fulfilled in relation to the application; and

(c) in subsection (6) of that section the reference to sections

25 and 26 of this Act were a reference to subsection

(4) of this section;

and for the purposes of the application of those provisions in accordance with this subsection the relevant date, in relation to any matters specified in the application, shall be the date appointed for the purposes of this section.

38,—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, every clinical trial certificate or animal test certificate, unless previously renewed or revoked, shall expire at the end of the period of two years from the date on which it was issued or the date as from which it was last renewed, as the case may be, or at the end of such shorter period from that date as may be specified in the certificate as issued or last renewed.

(2) Any such certificate, if it has not been revoked, may, on the application of the holder of the certificate, be renewed by the licensing authority for a further period of two years from the date on which it would otherwise expire or such shorter period from that date as the licensing authority may determine.

(3) Subsections (1) and (2) of section 36 of this Act shall have effect in relation to applications for the renewal of such certificates as they have effect in relation to applications for the issue of such certificates.

(4) On an application for the renewal of such a certificate the licensing authority—

(a) may renew the certificate, with or without modifications,

for such a further period as is mentioned in subsection

(2) of tins section, or

(b) may issue to the applicant a new clinical trial certificate

or animal test certificate containing such provisions as the licensing authority consider appropriate, or

(c) if, having regard to the provisions of this Act, they

consider it necessary or expedient to do so, may refuse to renew the certificate or to issue a new certificate.

(5) In relation to any such application the provisions of subsections (2) to (5) of section 20, and of sections 21 and 22, of

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1729

this Act shall have effect as if in those provisions any reference to refusing a licence under this Part of this Act included a reference to refusing to renew a clinical trial certificate or animal test certificate and any reference to granting such a licence included a reference to renewing such a certificate.

(6) Every application for the grant or renewal of a clinical trial certificate or animal test certificate shall, unless it otherwise expressly provides, be taken to be an application for the grant or renewal of the certificate for the full period of two years mentioned in subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section, as the case may be; and in any provisions of section 21 or section 22 of this Act as applied by the last preceding subsection any reference to the grant or renewal of a certificate otherwise than in accordance with the application shall be construed accordingly.

(7) Where an application for the renewal of such a certificate has been duly made—

(a) the certificate shall not cease to be in force by virtue

of the preceding provisions of this section before the licensing authority have determined the application, and

(b) if by an interim order made under section 107(3)(a) of

this Act the operation of the decision of the licensing authority on the application is suspended, the certificate shall not cease to be in force by virtue of those provisions so long as the operation of the decision continues to be suspended by the order.

39.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the licensing authority may suspend, for such period as the authority may determine, a clinical trial certificate or animal test certificate, or may revoke, or vary the provisions of, any such certificate.

(2) The powers conferred by this section shall not be exercisable by the licensing authority except on one or more of the following grounds, that is to say—

(a) that the matters stated in the application on which the

certificate was issued were false or incomplete in a material particular;

(b) that any of the provisions of the certificate has to a material extent been contravened;

(c) that medicinal products of any description to which the

certificate relates, as sold, supplied, exported, imported, manufactured or assembled for the purposes of the clinical trial or medicinal test on animals to which it relates, fail to a material extent to correspond to the characteristics by reference to which the certificate was issued;

Part II

Suspension, revocation or variation of certificate.

1730

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part LI (d) that the holder of the certificate has without reasonable

excuse failed to comply with a requirement imposed on him under section 44(2) of this Act to furnish information to the licensing authority with respect to any substances or articles to which the certificate relates;

(e) that any such substances or articles can no longer be regarded as substances or articles which can safely be administered for the purposes of the clinical trial or medicinal test on animals to which the certificate relates;

if) that the specification and standards to which any such substances or articles are manufactured can no longer be regarded as satisfactory.

(3) The provisions of section 29 of, and Schedule 2 to, this Act shall have effect in relation to a clinical trial certificate or animal test certificate as they have effect in relation to a product licence, as if in paragraph 1 of that Schedule the reference to paragraph (g) or paragraph ( of section 28(3) of this Act were a reference to paragraph (e) or paragraph (/) of subsection (2) of this section.

(4) Without prejudice to any power exercisable by virtue of the preceding provisions of this section, the licensing authority may, on the application of the holder of a clinical trial certificate or animal test certificate, vary the provisions of the certificate in accordance with any proposals contained in the application, if they are satisfied that the variation will not adversely affect the safety, quality or efficacy of medicinal products of any description to which the certificate relates.

Medicated animal feeding stuffs

General provisions relating to medicated animal feeding stuffs.

40.—(1) No person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him, sell, offer for sale, supply or export, or procure the sale, supply or exportation or the manufacture for sale, supply or exportation of, any animal feeding stuff in which a medicinal product has been incorporated, unless—

(a) a product licence or animal test certificate (whether held by him or by another person) is for the time being in force which contains provisions relating to the incorporation of medicinal products in animal feeding stuffs, and the licence or certificate, and those provisions in particular, are applicable to medicinal products of that description, and the product was incorporated in accordance with the licence or certificate, or

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1731

(b) the medicinal product was incorporated in the animal Part II feeding stuff in accordance with a prescription given by a veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner for the treatment of a particular animal or herd to which the feeding stuff is to be fed and which is under the care of that veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner.

(2) No person shall import any animal feeding stuff in which a medicinal product has been incorporated unless the conditions specified in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of the preceding subsection are fulfilled.

(3) No person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him, incorporate a medicinal product of any description in any animal feeding stuff unless—

(a) a product licence or animal test certificate (whether held

by him or by another person) is for the time being in force which contains provisions relating to the incorporation of medicinal products in animal feeding stuffs, and the licence or certificate, and those provisions in particular, are applicable to medicinal products of that description, and the product is incorporated in accordance with the licence or certificate, or

(b) the medicinal product is incorporated in the animal feeding stuff in accordance with a prescription given by a veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner for the treatment of a particular animal or herd to which the feeding stuff is to be fed and which is under the care of that veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner.

41,—(1) The provisions of section 40 of this Act shall have Transitional effect subject to the following provisions of this section. provisions

(2) The restrictions imposed by that section do not apply to restrictions

anything done before the first appointed day. under s-40-

(3) The restrictions imposed by subsection (1) of that section do not apply to anything done on or after the first appointed day in relation to any animal feeding stuff in which a medicinal product of any description has been incorporated, and the restrictions imposed by subsection (3) of that section do not apply to anything done on or after that day which consists of incorporating a medicinal product of any description in any animal feeding stuff, if (in either case) it is done—

(a) before the date on which, by virtue of one or more orders under section 17 of this Act, section 16(2) of this Act ceases to have any effect in relation to medicinal products of that description, or

1732 Ch. <57 Medicines Act 1968

Part O (b) before the end of the period of twelve months be-

ginning with that date.

(4) The restriction imposed by section 40(2) of this Act does not apply to the importation on or after the first appointed day of any animal feeding stuff in which a medicinal product of any description has been incorporated if it is imported—

(a) before the date on which, by virtue of one or more

orders under section 17 of this Act, section 16(3) of this Act ceases to have any effect in relation to medicinal products of that description, or

(b) before the end of the period of twelve months beginning

with that date.

Supplementary provisions as to incorporation of substances and articles in animal feeding stuffs.

42.—(1) Where in the course of a business carried on by him a person incorporates a substance or article, other than a medicinal product, in any animal feeding stuff with a view to—

(a) feeding it, with the substance or article incorporated in

it, to one or more animals, or

(b) selling, supplying or exporting it with the substance or

article incorporated in it.

and the substance or article is so incorporated by him for a medicinal purpose, sections 40(3) and 41 of this Act shall have effect in relation to the incorporation of that substance or article as if it were a medicinal product.

(2) Where in the course of a business carried on by him a person proposes—

(a) to sell or supply a substance or article, other than a

medicinal product, to persons who for a medicinal purpose may require to incorporate it in animal feeding stuffs to be fed to one or more animals, or

(b) to manufacture a substance or article, other than a medicinal product, for sale or supply as mentioned in the preceding paragraph,

he may, if he so desires, apply for a product licence in respect of that substance or article, and the licensing authority (subject to the provisions of sections 19 to 22 of this Act) may grant to him a product licence in respect of it, as if it were a medicinal product and he were proposing to sell or supply it in circumstances to which section 7(2) of this Act applies; and a product licence so granted may be renewed, suspended, revoked or varied accordingly.

(3) Where a person proposes to sell, supply or manufacture a substance or article, other than a medicinal product, in the circumstances specified in paragraph (a) or paragraph ( of subsection (2) of this section, any person who proposes, by purchase or otherwise, to obtain from him a supply of the substance or article with a view to incorporating it for a

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. €7

1733

medicinal purpose in any animal feeding stuff may, if he so Part II desires, apply for a product licence in respect of that substance or article, and the licensing authority (subject to the provisions of sections 19 to 22 of this Act) may grant to him a product licence in respect of it, as if it were a medicinal product and he were proposing to procure the sale or supply, or the manufacture for sale or supply, of that product in circumstances to which section 7(2) of this Act applies; and a product licence so granted may be renewed, suspended revoked or varied accordingly.

(4) On the grant, renewal or variation (whether by virtue of subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section or otherwise) of a product licence, in so far as it relates to any substance or article which is to be incorporated in animal feeding stuffs, the licence may (without prejudice to the generality of section 20(1) of this Act) include provisions as to the manner in which the substance or article in question may be so incorporated, whether by the holder of the licence or by any other person to whom those provisions of the licence have been communicated.

(5) Without prejudice to the operation of section 130(7) of this Act, a substance manufactured, sold, supplied or exported as an animal feeding stuff shall not be taken to be a medicinal product for the purposes of this Act by reason only that any of the preceding provisions of this section has effect in relation to a substance or article incorporated in it.

(6) The appropriate Ministers may by order provide that any of the provisions of section 40 of this Act or of subsections (1) to

(5) of this section shall cease to have effect, or shall have effect subject to such exceptions or modifications as may be specified in the order.

(7) No order shall be made under subsection (6) of this section unless a draft of the order has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

Supplementary provisions

43,—(l) Where in the course of a business carried on by Extension of him a person sells, supplies or exports a substance or article for ^v^|°jCerta,n use wholly or mainly in either or both of the ways specified in circumstances, section 130(1) of this Act, and the substance or article, not having been—

(a) manufactured or imported for such use, or

(b) previously sold or supplied for such use,

does not constitute a medicinal product before that person so sells, supplies or exports it, then (subject to subsection (2) of this section) subsection (2) of section 7 of this Act, if apart from this subsection it would not so have effect, shall have effect in relation to the sale, supply or exportation of the substance or

1734

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part II

Provision of information to licensing authority.

article as if he were selling, supplying or exporting it in circumstances to which that subsection applies.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not have effect in relation to a transaction whereby a person, in the course of a business carried on by him, sells a substance or article by retail or supplies a substance or article in circumstances corresponding to retail sale unless in the course of that business the substance or article has been assembled for the purpose of being sold or supplied by him.

(3) In any reference in this Part of this Act to the provisions of, or the restrictions imposed by, section 7 of this Act, the reference to that section shall be construed as including a reference to subsection (2) of that section as extended by the preceding subsections.

(4) Where in the course of a business carried on by him a person proposes to sell, supply or export a substance or article for use as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, where die substance or article will not constitute a medicinal product before he so sells, supplies or exports it and he will not be selling, supplying or exporting it in circumstances to which section 7(2) of this Act applies, he may, if he so desires, apply for a product licence in respect of that substance or article, and the licensing authority (subject to the provisions of sections 19 to 22 of this Act) may grant to him a product licence in respect of it, as if he were proposing to sell, supply or export it in circumstances to which section 7(2) of this Act applies; and a product licence so granted may be renewed, suspended, revoked or varied accordingly.

(5) In subsection (2) of this section the reference to assembling a substance or article in the course of a business carried on by a person is a reference to doing in the course of that business anything which (in accordance with section 132(1) of this Act) would constitute assembling if it had been a medicinal product when sold or supplied to him.

44.—(1) Where an application has been made to the licensing authority for a licence under this Part of this Act (including a licence of right) or for a clinical trial certificate or animal test certificate (including a certificate to which a person is entitled by virtue of section 37(4) of this Act) the licensing authority, before determining the application, may request the applicant to furnish to the licensing authority such information relating to the application as the licensing authority may consider requisite; and, where any such request has been made, the licensing authority shall not be required to determine the application until either—

(a) the information requested has been furnished to them, or

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1735

(b) it has been shown to their reasonable satisfaction that the applicant is unable to furnish the information.

(2) The licensing authority may serve on the holder of a licence under this Part of this Act. or of a clinical trial certificate or animal test certificate, a notice requiring him, within such time as may be specified in the notice, to furnish to the licensing authority information of any description specified in the notice in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

(3) Except as provided by subsection (4) of this section, a notice under subsection (2) of this section shall not be served unless it appears to the licensing authority, or it is represented to them by the Commission or by the appropriate committee, that circumstances exist by reason of which it is necessary to consider whether the licence or certificate should be varied, suspended or revoked; and the information required by such a notice shall be such as appears to the licensing authority, or is represented to them by the Commission or by die committee, to be requisite for considering that question.

(4) Subsection (3) of this section shall not have effect in the case of a licence of right, or of a certificate issued in pursuance of section 37 (4) of this Act, whether the licence or certificate has been renewed or not; and, in the case of such a licence or certificate, a notice under this section may be served at any time and may require any information which, in the opinion of the licensing authority, would be relevant if—

(a) sections 25 and 37(4) of this Act had not been enacted,

and

(b) the licensing authority were then dealing with an application, by the person who is the holder of the licence or certificate, for the grant or issue of a licence or certificate containing the same provisions as those contained in the licence or certificate in question.

(5) Before the end of the period of two years from the date on which a product licence, other than a licence of right, is granted, the holder of the licence shall, in respect of each description of medicinal products to which the licence relates which is effectively on the market in the United Kingdom within that period, notify to the licensing authority a date on which medicinal products of that description were effectively on that market.

45.—(1) Subject to the next following section, any person who contravenes any of the provisions of section 7, section 8, section 31, section 32, section 34 or section 40 of this Act, or who is in possession of any medicinal product or animal feeding

Part II

Offences under Part n.

1736

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part II stuff for the purpose of selling, supplying or exporting it in contravention of any of those sections, shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) Where any medicinal product or animal feeding stuff is imported in contravention of section 7, section 31, section 32 or section 40 of this Act, any person who, otherwise than for the purpose of performing or exercising a duty or power imposed or conferred by or under this Act or any other enactment, is in possession of the product or feeding stuff knowing or having reasonable cause to suspect that it was so imported shall be guilty of an offence.

(3) Any person who, being the holder of a product licence or of a clinical trial certificate or animal test certificate, procures another person to carry out a process in the manufacture or assembly of medicinal products of a description to which the licence or certificate relates, and—

(a) does not communicate to that person the provisions of

the licence or certificate which are applicable to medicinal products of that description, or

(b) in a case where any of those provisions has been varied

by a decision of the licensing authority, does not communicate the variation to that person within fourteen days after notice of the decision has been served on him,

shall be guilty of an offence.

(4) Any person who, being the holder of a product licence or of an animal test certificate, sells or supplies a substance or article to which the licence or certificate relates to another person for the purpose of its being incorporated in any animal feeding stuff, and does not communicate to that person any provisions of the licence or certificate which relate to the incorporation of that substance or article in animal feeding stuffs, or any instructions required by the licence to be communicated by him to persons to whom die substance or article is sold or supplied for that purpose, shall be guilty of an offence.

(5) Where any such provisions of a product licence or animal test certificate as are mentioned in subsection (4) of this section are varied by the licensing authority, and on varying those provisions the licensing authority serve on the holder of the licence or certificate a notice requiring him, within such time (not being less than fourteen days from the date of service of the notice) as may be specified in the notice, to take such steps as may be so specified for making the variation known, either generally or to persons or classes of persons specified in the notice, then if the holder of the licence or certificate does not comply with the requirements of that notice he shall be guilty of an offence.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1737

(6) Any person who, in giving any information which he is required to give under section 44 of this Act, makes a statement which he knows to be false in a material particular shall be guilty of an offence.

(7) Any person who without reasonable excuse fails to comply with a requirement imposed on him by a notice under section 44(2) of this Act shall be guilty of an offence.

(8) Any person guilty of an offence under any of subsections

(1) to (6) of this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding two years or to both.

(9) Any person guilty of an offence under subsection (7) of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.

46.—(1) Where the holder of a product licence or of a clinical trial certificate or animal test certificate is charged with an offence under the last preceding section in respect of any substance or article which has been manufactured (or, in the case of a medicinal product, manufactured or assembled) to his order by another person and has been so manufactured or assembled as not to comply with the provisions of that licence or certificate which are applicable to it, it shall be a defence for him to prove—

(a) that he had communicated those provisions to that

other person, and

(b) that he did not know, and could not by the exercise

of reasonable care have discovered, that those provisions had not been complied with.

(2) Where the holder of a manufacturer’s licence is charged with an offence under the last preceding section in respect of any medicinal products which have been manufactured or assembled by him, in circumstances where he is not the holder of a product licence or of a clinical trial certificate or animal test certificate which is applicable to those products, but the products were manufactured or assembled to the order of another person, it shall be a defence for him to prove that he believed, and had reasonable grounds for believing,—

(a) that the other person in question was the holder of

a product licence applicable to those products, or of a clinical trial certificate or animal test certificate applicable to them, and

(b) that the products were manufactured or assembled in

accordance with that product licence or certificate.

Part II

Special defences under s. 45.

1738

Ch. <57

Medicines Act 1968

Part II (3) Where a person is charged with an offence under the last preceding section in respect of a contravention of any provision of section 40 of this Act. in a case where he is not the holder of such a product licence or animal test certificate as is mentioned in subsection (l)(a) or subsection (3)(a) of the said section 40. it shall be a defence for him to prove that he believed, and had reasonable grounds for believing,—

(a) that another person was the holder of such a licence or certificate, and

(b) that the substance or article to which the contravention relates was incorporated in the animal feeding stuff in accordance with that licence or certificate.

(4) In the last preceding subsection any reference to section 40 of this Act shall be construed as including a reference to that section as extended by section 42 of this Act

Standard 47.—(1) The Ministers may by regulations prescribe standard

Uwncesor* P10^0118 for purposes of this Part of this Act either certificates. generally or in relation to any class of medicinal products specified in the regulations.

(2) Any standard provisions so prescribed may be incorporated by the licensing authority in any licence under this Part of this Act or any clinical trial certificate or animal test certificate granted or issued on or after the date on which the regulations come into operation, and may be so incorporated with or without modifications and either generally or in relation to medicinal products of any particular class.

(3) The following provisions of this section shall have effect where—

(a) standard provisions are prescribed by regulations made

under this section, or

(b) after any such provisions have been so prescribed, they

are amended by, or superseded by new standard provisions prescribed by, subsequent regulations so made;

and in the following provisions of this section, in a case falling within paragraph (a) but not within paragraph ib) of this subsection, " the operative standard provisions " means the standard provisions prescribed by the regulations and "the relevant regulations" means those regulations, and, in any other case, "(he operative standard provisions" means the standard provisions as amended by the subsequent regulations or the new standard provisions prescribed by those regulations, as the case may be, and " the relevant regulations " means the subsequent regulations.

Dtgrtteed by

Medicines Act

Ch. 67

1739

(4) Subject to the following provisions of this section, as from Pa*t n the end of the period of three months from the date on which the relevant regulations come into operation, the operative standard provisions shall be deemed to be incorporated in any licence under this Part of this Act, or any clinical trial certificate or animal test certificate, which is in force at the end of that period or, in the case of a suspended licence or certificate, would then be in force if it were not suspended, in so far as, in accordance with the relevant regulations, the operative standard provisions are applicable to medicinal products of any description to which that licence or certificate relates.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of this section, the operative standard provisions shall not by virtue of that subsection be deemed to be incorporated in any licence of right, or in any certificate issued in pursuance of section 37(4) of this Act, including any such licence or certificate which has been renewed, except in circumstances where, immediately before the first appointed day, the manufacture or importation of substances or articles to which the licence or certificate relates was authorised by a licence issued under Part I of the Therapeutic 19S6 c. 25. Substances Act 1956 or under Part II of the Diseases of Animals 1950 c. 36. Act 1950, or of the Diseases of Animals Act (Northern Ireland) 1958 c. 13 1958, and, where those circumstances exist, shall be deemed to (N.I.).

be so incorporated only in relation to substances or articles to which the licence so issued was applicable.

(6) At any time after the relevant regulations are made and before the end of the period of three months from the date on which they come into operation, the holder of any licence or certificate may apply to the licensing authority to direct—

(a) that the operative standard provisions shall not be

deemed to be incorporated in that licence or certificate, or

(b) that the operative standard provisions shall be deemed to

be so incorporated subject to such exceptions or modifications as may be specified in the application;

and if, on any such application, the licensing authority direct that the operative standard provisions shall not be deemed to be so incorporated, or shall be deemed to be so incorporated subject to exceptions and modifications specified in the direction, with or without provision postponing the date as from which they are to be deemed to be so incorporated, that direction shall have effect notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of this section.

(7) Where an application is made to the licensing authority under subsection (6) of this section, then, if the licensing authority propose to refuse to give a direction in accordance with the

1740

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part II application, the licensing authority, before determining the application, shall afford to the applicant an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed for the purpose by the licensing authority, or of making representations in writing to the licensing authority with respect to that proposal; and, if the licensing authority then determine to refuse to give a direction in accordance with the application, they shall serve on the applicant a notice stating the reasons for their decision.

(8) Without prejudice to any direction given under subsection (6) of this section, where such an application is made—

(a) the operative standard provisions shall not be deemed

to be incorporated in the licence or certificate to which the application relates before the licensing authority have made a decision on that application, and

(b) if an application under section 107 of this Act is made

with respect to that decision, those provisions shall not be deemed to have been or to be so incorporated before the application under subsection (6) of this section has been finally disposed of;

and so much of subsection (7) of section 27 of this Act as relates to the time when an application is to be taken to be finally disposed of shall have effect for the purposes of this subsection as it has effect for the purposes of that section.

(9) The powers conferred on the licensing authority by the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act to vary the provisions of a licence or certificate shall be exercisable with respect to any provisions which, in accordance with this section, are incorporated or deemed to be incorporated in a licence or certificate.

Postponement 48.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in sections 7 to 47 of

of restrictions this Act but subject to the next following section, in relation to exports. to anyddng done before such day (subsequent to the first appointed day) as the Ministers may by order appoint for the purposes of this subsection (in this section referred to as " the special appointed day ") those sections shall have effect as if in them—

(a) every reference to exportation (in whatever form the

reference occurs) were omitted;

(b) any reference to the sale or supply of a medicinal

product did not include sale or supply which involves, or is for the purposes of, exporting the product; and

(c) any reference to offering a medicinal product for sale

did not include an offer for sale where the prospective sale would involve, or would be for the purposes of, exporting the product.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1741

(2) The Ministers shall not make an order under the preceding subsection unless it appears to them to be necessary or expedient to do so for the purpose of giving effect to an agreement to which the United Kingdom or Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom is a party or will be a party on the day appointed by the order.

(3) The following provisions of this section shall have effect where an order is made under subsection (1) of this section; and for the purposes of those provisions the relevant transitional conditions shall be taken to be fulfilled by a person in relation to medicinal products of any description if, in the course of a business carried on by him,—

(a) substantial quantities of medicinal products of that

description (that is to say, quantities exceeding those required for distribution as samples) were exported or procured to be exported during the period of twenty-four months ending immediately before the special appointed day, and

(b) during the whole of that period further substantial

quantities of medicinal products of that description were available, or could within a reasonable time have been made available; to be so exported or procured to be exported if required.

(4) Unless the order expressly excludes the operation of this subsection,—

(a) subject to any order made by virtue of paragraph (b)

of this subsection, section 7(2) of this Act shall not have effect in relation to a person in respect of his exporting on or after the special appointed day, or procuring the exportation on or after that day of, medicinal products of any description in relation to which he fulfils the relevant transitional conditions;

(b) section 17 of this Act shall have effect in relation to

paragraph (a) of this subsection as it has effect in

relation to the subsections of section 16 of this Act mentioned in that section.

(5) Where a product licence which is in force on the special

appointed day authorises the holder of the licence to sell

medicinal products of any description, or to procure the sale, or procure the manufacture or assembly for sale, of medicinal products of any description, that licence shall have effect on and after that day as if—

(a) it also authorised him to export medicinal products of that description, or (as the case may be) to procure the exportation, or procure the manufacture or

assembly for exportation, of medicinal products of that description, and

Part H

1742

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part II (b) it authorised him to do so subject to the like provisions as (apart from subsections (3) to (7) of section 47 of this Act) are specified in the licence in relation to selling or (as the case may be) procuring the sale, or procuring the manufacture or assembly for sale, of such products:

Provided that, if the operation of subsection (4) of this section is not excluded by the order, a product licence shall not have effect as mentioned in this subsection in relation to medicinal products of any description so long as paragraph (<z) of that subsection has effect in relation to die holder of the licence in respect of his exporting, or procuring the exportation of, medicinal products of that description.

(6) Where on an application for a product licence made before such date as may be appointed by the order for the purposes of this subsection, which states that it is an application made by virtue of this subsection, it is proved to the reasonable satisfaction of the licensing authority that the applicant fulfilled or will fulfil the relevant transitional conditions in relation to one or more descriptions of medicinal products, then (subject to the next following subsection) he shall be entitled to the grant of a product licence granted so as—

(a) to be limited to exportation, or procuring exportation,

of medicinal products, and

(b) not to extend to medicinal products of any description

other than those in respect of which it is so proved that the applicant fulfilled or will fulfil those conditions, and

(c) not to extend to medicinal products of any description

in respect of which, at the time when the licence is granted, a product licence is already held by the applicant.

(7) If a person would, on making an application under subsection (6) of this section, be entitled to the grant of a product licence under that subsection in respect of medicinal products of a particular description, and he would at the same time, on making an application as mentioned in section 25(1) of this Act, be entitled to the grant of a licence of right in respect of medicinal products of the same description, he may apply to the licensing authority for a single product licence for both purposes, and he shall be entitled to the grant of a product licence having the same effect as the two licences, if granted separately, would together have had.

(8) Subsection (6) of section 26 of this Act shall have effect for the purposes of subsections (6) and (7) of this section as it has effect for the purposes of that section.

(9) An order made under subsection (1) of this section may contain such provisions relating to proceedings on an application

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1743

made under subsection (6) or subsection (7) of this section (whether by way of applying with modifications any of the provisions of section 27 of this Act or otherwise) as the Ministers may consider appropriate.

(10) No order shall be made under this section unless a draft of the order has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

49.—(1) Nothing in subsection (1) of section 48 of this Act shall affect the operation of any of the provisions of sections 7 to 47 of this Act in relation to any medicinal product falling within a class specified in an order made under this section by the Health Ministers or the Agriculture Ministers.

(2) No class of medicinal products shall be specified in an order made by the Health Ministers or the Agriculture Ministers under this section unless it appears to the Ministers making the order to be requisite to do so for securing that any exemption conferred by section 48(1) of this Act does not apply to medicinal products consisting wholly or partly of substances the purity or potency of which cannot, in their opinion, be adequately tested by chemical means.

(3) Subsections (3) to (7) of section 48 of this Act shall not have effect in relation to medicinal products of any description falling within a class specified in an order under this section which is in force immediately before the day appointed for the purposes of subsection (1) of that section.

(4) Subject to the next following subsection, section 7(2) of this Act shall not have effect in relation to a person in respect of his exporting, or procuring the exportation of, medicinal products of any description falling within a class specified in an order under this section which is in force immediately before the first appointed day if. in the course of a business carried on by that person,—

(a) substantial quantities of medicinal products of that

description (that is to say, quantities exceeding those required for distribution as samples) were exported or procured to be exported during the period of twenty-four months ending with the first appointed day, and

(b) during the whole of that period further substantial

quantities of medicinal products of that description were available, or could within a reasonable time have been made available, to be so exported or procured to be exported if required.

(5) Sections 17 and 25 of this Act shall have effect in relation to subsection (4) of this section as they have effect in relation to subsections (2) to (5) of section 16 of this Act.

3 K

Part II

Special provisions in respect of exporting certain products.

1744

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part II (6) Where a person is entitled to the grant of a licence of right by reason that subsection (4) of this section has effect in relation to him, he shall be entitled to the grant of a product licence; but, subject to the next following subsection, the licence shall be granted so as not to extend to medicinal products of any description other than those in respect of which the conditions specified in that subsection are proved to the reasonable satisfaction of the licensing authority to have been fulfilled, and shall be limited to exporting, or procuring the exportation of, medicinal products.

(7) Subsection (5) of section 26 of this Act (with the omission of paragraph (b) of that subsection) and subsection (6) of that section shall have effect in relation to the grant of a licence of right in accordance with subsection (6) of this section as those subsections have effect in relation to the grant of such a licence in accordance with subsection (1) of that section.

(8) In relation to any application for a licence of right which is made by virtue of section 25 of this Act as applied by subsection (5) of this section, the provisions of section 27 of this Act shall have effect subject to such modifications as may be specified by order made by the Ministers for the purposes of this subsection.

Certificates for exporters of medicinal products.

50. On the application of any person who proposes to export medicinal products of any description, the licensing authority may issue to him a certificate containing any such statement relating to medicinal products of that description as the licensing authority may consider appropriate having regard—

(a) to any requirements (whether having the force of law or not) which have effect in the country to which the products are to be exported, and

(b) to the provisions of this Act and to any licence granted or other thing done by virtue of this Act.

Part III

Further Provisions relating to Dealings with Medicinal

Products

Provisions as to sale or supply of medicinal products

General 51.—(1) The appropriate Ministers may by order specify

sale lists. descriptions or classes of medicinal products, as being products which in their opinion can with reasonable safety be sold or supplied otherwise than by, or under the supervision of, a pharmacist.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1745

(2) In this Act any reference to a medicinal product on a Part III general sale list is a reference to a medicinal product of a description, or falling within a class, specified in an order

under this section which is for the time being in force.

(3) An order under this section may designate any description or class of medicinal products specified in the order as being medicinal products which, in the opinion of the appropriate Ministers, can with reasonable safety be sold by means of automatic machines; and any reference in this Act to a medicinal product in the automatic machines section of a general sale list is a reference to a medicinal product of a description, or falling within a class, so designated by any such order which is for the time being in force.

52. Subject to any exemption conferred by or under this Sale or Part of this Act, on and after such day as the Ministers may^PPtyof by order appoint for the purposes of this section (in this Part

of this Act referred to as "the appointed day") no person nogeneral shall, in the course of a business carried on by him, sell by sale list, retail, offer or expose for sale by retail, or supply in circumstances corresponding to retail sale, any medicinal product which is not a medicinal product on a general sale list, unless—

(a) that person is, in respect of that business, a person law-

fully conducting a retail phaqnacy business;

(b) the product is sold, offered or exposed for sale, or

supplied, on premises which are a registered pharmacy;

• and

(c) that person, or, if the transaction is carried out on his

behalf by another person, then that other person, is, or acts under the supervision of, a pharmacist.

53. —(1) Subject to any exemption conferred by or under Sale or this Part of this Act, on and after the appointed day no person supply of shall, in the course of a business carried on by him, sell by retail, mc^c!2?1 or offer or expose for sale by retail, or supply in circumstancesongeneral corresponding to retail sale, any medicinal product on a general-sale list, sale list elsewhere than at a registered pharmacy, unless the conditions specified in the following provisions of this section

are fulfilled.

(2) The place at which the medicinal product is sold, offered, exposed or supplied as mentioned in the preceding subsection must be premises of which the person carrying on the business in question is the occupier and which he is able to close so as to exclude the public, unless either—

(a) the product is sold, offered, exposed for sale or supplied by means of an automatic machine and the product is a medicinal product in the automatic machines section of a general sale list, or (£) the product is a veterinary drug.

1746

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part III

Sale of medicinal products from automatic machines.

Exemptions

for doctors,

dentists,

veterinary

surgeons and

veterinary

practitioners.

(3) The medicinal product must have been made up for sale in a container elsewhere than at the place at which it is sold* offered, exposed for sale or supplied as mentioned in subsection

(1) of this section and the container must not have been opened since the product was made up for sale in it.

(4) The business, so far as concerns the sale or supply of medicinal products, must be carried on in accordance with such conditions (if any) as may be prescribed for the purposes of this section.

54.—(1) On and after the appointed day no person shall sell, or offer or expose for sale, any medicinal product by means of an automatic machine unless it is a medicinal product in the automatic machines section of a general sale list

(2) The appropriate Ministers may by order provide that no person shall by means of an automatic machine sell, or offer or expose for sale, any medicinal product to which the order applies unless the container in which it is sold, or offered or exposed for sale, complies with such restrictions as to the quantity of the medicinal product or the number of medicinal products, which it contains as may be specified in the order.

(3) An order under subsection (2) of this section may be made either in respect of mecficinal products generally or in respect of medicinal products of a particular description or falling within a particular class specified in the order.

Exemptions from sections 52 and 53

55.—(1) The restrictions imposed by sections 52 and 53 of this Act do not apply to the sale, offer for sale, or supply of a medicinal product—

(a) by a doctor or dentist to a patient of his or to a person under whose care such a patient is, or

(b) in the course of the business of a hospital or health centre, where the product is sold, offered for sale or supplied for the purpose of being administered (whether in the hospital or health centre or elsewhere) in accordance with die directions of a doctor or dentist.

(2) Those restrictions also do not apply—

(a) to the sale or supply of a medicinal product of a description, or falling within a class, specified in an order made by the Health Ministers for the purposes of this paragraph, where the product is sold or supplied by a registered nurse in the course of her professional practice, or

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1747

(b) to the sale or supply of a medicinal product of a Part ill description, or falling within a class, specified in an order made by the Health Ministers for the purposes of this paragraph, where the product either is sold or supplied by a certified midwife (or, in relation to England and Wales, by a certified midwife or exempted midwife) in the course of her professional practice or is delivered or administered by such a midwife on being supplied in pursuance of arrangements made by a local health authority in Great Britain or by a health authority in Northern Ireland.

(3) The restrictions imposed by those sections do not apply to the sale, offer for sale, or supply of a medicinal product by a veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner for administration by him or under his direction to an animal or herd which is under his care.

(4) Expressions to which a meaning is assigned by subsection (2) of section 11 of this Act have the same meanings in this section as in that section.

56. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section. Exemptions in the restrictions imposed by sections 52 and 53 of this Act do of not apply to anything done at premises of which the person

carrying on the business in question is the occupier and which he is able to close so as to exclude the public, and which consists of the sale, or offer or exposure for sale, or the supply in circumstances corresponding to retail sale, of a herbal remedy where the processes to which the plant or plants are subjected consist of drying, crushing or comminuting, with or without any subsequent process of tabletting, pill-making, compressing or diluting with water, but not any other process.

(2) Without prejudice to the preceding subsection, but subject to subsection (3) of this section, those restrictions do not apply to the sale or supply of a herbal remedy where the person selling or supplying the remedy sells or supplies it for administration to a particular person after being requested by or on behalf of that person and in that person’s presence to use his own judgment as to the treatment required.

(3) The appropriate Ministers may by order provide that subsections (1) and (2) of this section shall not have effect in relation to herbal remedies of a description, or falling within a class, specified in the order.

57. —(1) The appropriate Ministers may by order provide that Power to section 52 or section 53 of this Act, or both of those sections, extend or shall have effect subject to such exemptions (other than those mod"y for the time being having effect by virtue of sections 55 and 56 excmp OD8’ of this Act) as may be specified in die order.

3K3

1748

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part in

Medicinal products on prescription only.

(2) Any exemption conferred by an order under the preceding subsection may be conferred subject to such conditions or limitations as may be specified in the order.

(3) The appropriate Ministers may by order provide that subsection (l)(h) or subsection (2) of section 55 of this Act shall cease to have effect, or shall have effect subject to such exceptions or modifications as may be specified in the order.

(4) No order shall be made under subsection (3) of this section unless a draft of the order has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

Additional provisions

58.—(1) The appropriate Ministers may by order specify descriptions or classes of medicinal products for the purposes of this section; and, in relation to any description or class so specified, the order shall state which of the following, that is to say—

(a) doctors,

(b) dentists, and

(c) veterinary surgeons and veterinary practitioners,

are to be appropriate practitioners for the purposes of this section.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section—

(a) no person shall sell by retail, or supply in circumstances

corresponding to retail sale, a medicinal product of a description, or falling within a class, specified in an order under this section except in accordance with a prescription given by an appropriate practitioner; and

(b) no person shall administer (otherwise than to himself)

any such medicinal product unless he is an appropriate practitioner or a person acting in accordance with the directions of an appropriate practitioner.

(3) Subsection (2)(a) of this section shall not apply—

(a) to the sale or supply of a medicinal product to a patient

of his by a doctor or dentist who is an appropriate practitioner, or

(b) to the sale or supply of a medicinal product, for

administration to an animal or herd under his care, by a veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner who is an appropriate practitioner.

(4) Without prejudice to the last preceding subsection, any order made by the appropriate Ministers for the purposes of this section may provide—

(a) that paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of this section, or both those paragraphs, shall have

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1749

effect subject to such exemptions as may be specified in the order;

(b) that, for the purpose of paragraph (a) of that subsection, a medicinal product shall not be taken to be sold or supplied in accordance with a prescription given by an appropriate practitioner unless such conditions as are prescribed by the order are fulfilled.

(5) Any exemption conferred by an order in accordance with subsection (4)(a) of this section may be conferred subject to such conditions or limitations as may be specified in the order.

(6) Before making an order under this section the appropriate Ministers shall consult the appropriate committee, or, if for the time being there is no such committee, shall consult the Commission.

59.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect where an order under section 58 of this Act is made so as to apply to all medicinal products which fall within a class specified in the order and are of a description in respect of which the following conditions are fulfilled, that is to say, that—

(a) medicinal products of that description were not effec-

tively on the market in the United Kingdom immediately before the first appointed day;

(b) a product licence granted under Part II of this Act

(whether before, on or after the date on which the order comes into operation) applies to medicinal products of that description (whether it also applies to medicinal products of any other description or not); and

(c) before the grant of that licence, no product licence

had been granted which was applicable to medicinal products of that description.

(2) Where such an order is made in accordance with the preceding subsection—

(a) the restrictions imposed by section 58(2) of this Act shall not apply by virtue of the order to medicinal products of any description except during a period beginning with die date which, in relation to medicinal products of that description, is the relevant date and of such duration from that date as may be specified in the order;

(b) in section 58(4)(a) of this Act the reference to exemptions specified in the order shall, in relation to that order, be construed as including a reference to any

3 K 4

Part III

Special provisions in relation to new medicinal products.

1750

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part III exemption specified in a direction given by the appro-

priate Ministers and relating to medicinal products of a particular description specified in that direction.

(3) In subsection (2) (a) of this section " the relevant date ", in relation to medicinal products of any description to which an order made in accordance with subsection (1) of this section applies, means the date on which the order comes into operation, or the date on which the product licence applicable to medicinal products of that description (as mentioned in subsection (1)(6> of this section) comes into operation, whichever is the later.

Restricted sale, 60.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, ^Snistedon rcS11^0118 made by the appropriate Ministers may provide of certain that no person shall sell by retail, or supply in circumstances

medicinal corresponding to retail sale, a medicinal product of a description

products. specified in the regulations, or falling within a class so specified, unless—

(a) he is a practitioner holding a certificate issued for the

purposes of this section by the appropriate Ministers in respect of medicinal products of that description or falling within that class, or a person acting in accordance with the directions of such a practitioner, and die product is so sold or supplied for the purpose of being administered in accordance with the directions of that practitioner, or

(b) he is a person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy

business and the product is so sold or supplied in accordance with a prescription given by such a practitioner.

(2) Any regulations made under this section may provide that no person shall administer (otherwise than to himself) a medicinal product of a description specified in the regulations, or falling within a class so specified, unless he is such a practitioner as is mentioned in subsection (l)(a) of this section or a person acting in accordance with the directions of such a practitioner.

(3) The powers conferred by the preceding subsections shall not be exercisable in respect of medicinal products of a particular description, or falling within a particular class, except where it appears to the appropriate Ministers that the sale by retail, or supply in circumstances corresponding to retail sale, or the administration, of such products requires specialised knowledge on the part of the practitioner by whom or under whose directions they are sold, supplied or administered.

(4) Any regulations made under this section in respect of a particular description or class of medicinal products may specify

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1751

the qualifications and experience which an applicant for a certi- Part m ficate in respect of that description or class of medicinal products must have, and may provide for the appointment of a committee to advise the appropriate Ministers, in such cases as may be prescribed by or determined in accordance with the regulations, with respect to the grant, renewal, suspension and revocation of such certificates.

(5) Any such regulations shall include provision as to the grant, duration, renewal, suspension and revocation of certificates for the purposes of this section, including provision for affording—

(a) to an applicant for the grant or renewal of such a

certificate, where the appropriate Ministers propose to refuse to grant or renew it, and

(b) to the holder of such a certificate, where the appropriate Ministers propose to suspend or revoke it,

an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed for the purpose by the appropriate Ministers or of making representations in writing to those Ministers with respect to that proposal.

(6) Regulations made under this section may provide that, for the purposes of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section, a medicinal product shall not be taken to be sold or supplied in accordance with a prescription as mentioned in that paragraph unless such conditions as are prescribed by the regulations are fulfilled.

(7) Before making any regulations under this section the appropriate Ministers shall consult the appropriate committee, or, if for the time being there is no such committee, shall consult the Commission.

61. The appropriate Ministers may by regulations provide. Special either in respect of medicinal products generally or in respect restrictions of medicinal products of a description or falling within a class on persons to specified in the regulations, that, subject to such exceptions as may be so specified, no person— products.

(a) being the holder of a product licence, or

(b) in the course of business carried on by him and con-

sisting (wholly or partly) of manufacturing medicinal products or of selling medicinal products by way of wholesale dealing,

shall sell or supply any medicinal product to which the regulations apply to any person who does not fall within a class specified in the regulations.

3 K*

1752

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part in

Prohibition of sale or supply, or importation, of medicinal products of specified description, or of animal feeding stuffs incorporating such products.

62.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section* the appropriate Ministers, where it appears to them to be necessary to do so in the interests of safety, may by order—

> (a) prohibit the sale or supply, or the importation, of

medicinal products of any description, or falling within any class, specified in the order, or (in such manner as may appear to them to be sufficient to identify the products in question) designate particular medicinal products and prohibit the sale or supply, or the importation, of those particular products;

(b) prohibit the sale or supply, or the importation, of animal feeding stuffs in which medicinal products of any description, or falling within any class, specified in the order have been incorporated, or (in such manner as may appear to them to be sufficient to identify the feeding stuffs in question) designate particular animal feeding stuffs in which medicinal products have been incorporated and prohibit the sale or supply, or the importation, of those particular feeding stuffs.

(2) A prohibition imposed by order under this section may be a total prohibition or may be imposed subject to such exceptions as may be specified in the order.

(3) Before making an order under this section the appropriate Ministers, unless in their opinion it is essential to make the order with immediate effect to avoid serious danger to health, whether of human beings or of animals, shall consult the appropriate committee, or if for the time being there is no such committee, shall consult the Commission.

(4) Where an order is made under this section without prior consultation with the appropriate committee or the Commission in accordance with subsection (3) of this section, the prohibition imposed by the order shall not have effect after the end of such period, not exceeding three months from the date on which it comes into operation, as may be specified in the order, but without prejudice to the making of any further order in accordance with the provisions of this section (including this subsection).

(5) If any organisation consulted in pursuance of section 129(6) of this Act with respect to a proposal to make an order under this section have given notice to the appropriate Ministers of their desire to be heard under this subsection, or have made representations in writing to those Ministers with respect to that proposal, then before making the order—

(a) if the organisation have given notice of their desire to be heard, the appropriate Ministers shall arrange for them to have an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, the Commission, or

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1753

(6) if they have made representations in writing, the Part in appropriate Ministers shall refer those representations to the Commission,

and, where the organisation have availed themselves of the opportunity of being heard, or after considering the representations, as die case may be, the Commission shall report their findings and conclusions to the appropriate Ministers and those Ministers shall take that report into account in determining whether to make the order.

(6) Subsection (5) of this section shall not hav^ effect where in the opinion of the appropriate Ministers it is essential to make the order with immediate effect as mentioned in subsection (3) of this section.

(7) If an order is made under this section in circumstances where either—

(a) neither the appropriate committee (if any) nor the Commission have considered the proposal to make the order (whether on being consulted under subsection (3) of this section or, in the case of the Commission, in pursuance of subsection (5) of this section), or

(b) the order is made contrary to the advice of the Com-

mission or, in a case where the Commission have not, but the appropriate committee have, considered the proposal to make the order, is made contrary to the advice of that committee,

the order shall include a statement of the fact that it has been so made.

63, No person shall— Adulteration

(a) add any substance to, or abstract any substance from, ofi*)edicinal

a medicinal product so as to affect injuriously theproducts* composition of the product, with intent that the product shall be sold or supplied in that state, or

(b) sell or supply, or offer or expose for sale or supply, or

have in his possession for the purpose of sale or supply, any medicinal product whose composition has been injuriously affected by the addition or abstraction of any substance.

64. —(1) No person shall, to the prejudice of the purchaser. Protection

sell any medicinal product which is not of the nature or quality of purchasers

demanded by the purchaser. of medicinal

products,

(2) For the purposes of this section the sale of a medicinal product shall not be taken to be otherwise than to the prejudice of the purchaser by reason only that the purchaser buys the product for the purpose of analysis or examination.

3K*2

1754

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part III (3) Subsection (1) of this section shall not be taken to be contravened by reason only that a medicinal product contains some extraneous matter, if it is proved that the presence of that matter was an inevitable consequence of the process of manufacture of the product

(4) Subsection (1) of this section shall not be taken to be contravened by reason only that a substance has been added to. or abstracted from, the medicinal product if it is proved that—

(a) the addition or abstraction was not carried out

fraudulently, and did not injuriously affect the composition of the product, and

(b) the product was sold having attached to it or to a container or package in which it was sold, a conspicuous notice of adequate size and legibly printed, specifying the substance added or abstracted.

(5) Where a medicinal product is sold or supplied in pursuance of a prescription given by a practitioner, the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect as if—

(a) in those provisions any reference to sale included a reference to supply and (except as provided by the following paragraph) any reference to the purchaser included a reference to the person (if any) for whom the product was prescribed by the practitioner, and

(b) in subsection (1) of this section, for the words " demanded by the purchaser ", there were substituted the words " specified in the prescription

Compliance with standards specified in monographs in certain publications.

65.—(1) No person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him,—

(a) sell a medicinal product which has been demanded by the purchaser by, or by express reference to. a particular name, or

(b) sell or supply a medicinal product in pursuance of a

prescription given by a practitioner in which the product required is described by, or by express reference, to a particular name,

if that name is a name at the head of the relevant monograph and the product does not comply with the standard specified in that monograph.

(2) No person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him, sell or supply a medicinal product which, in the course of that business, has been offered or exposed for sale and has been so offered or exposed for sale by, or by express reference to, a particular name, if that name is a name at the head of the relevant monograph and the product does not comply with the standard specified in that monograph.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. <57

1755

(3) Where a medicinal - product is sold or supplied in the circumstances specified in subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section, and the name in question is the name, not of the product itself, but of an active ingredient of the product, then for the purposes of the subsection in question the product shall be taken not to comply with the standard specified in the relevant monograph if, in so far as it consists of mat ingredient, it does not comply with the standard so specified.

(4) Subject to subsection (7) of this section, in this section " publication " means one of the following, that is to say, the British Pharmacopoeia, the British Pharmaceutical Codex, the British Veterinary Codex and any compendium published under Part VII of this Act; " the relevant monograph ", in relation to the sale or supply of a medicinal product which has been demanded, described in a prescription, or offered or exposed for sale, by or by express reference to a particular name,—

(a) if, together with that name, there was specified a particular edition of a particular publication, means the monograph (if any) headed by that name in that edition of that publication, or, if there is no such monograph in that edition, means the appropriate current monograph (if any) headed by that name;

(b) if, together with that name, there was specified a par-

ticular publication, but not a particular edition of that publication, means the monograph (if any) headed by that name in the current edition of that publication, or, if there is no such monograph in that edition, means the appropriate current monograph (if any) headed by that name, or, in default of such a monograph, means the monograph headed by that name in the latest edition of the specified publication which contained a monograph so headed;

(c) if no publication was specified together with that name,

means the appropriate current monograph (if any);

and " current * means current at the time when the medicinal product in question is demanded, described in a prescription, or offered or exposed for sale, as mentioned in subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section.

(5) In this section " the appropriate current monograph ", in relation to a particular name, means—

(a) the monograph (if any) headed by that name in the

current edition of the British Pharmacopoeia, or

(b) if there is no such monograph, then the monograph (if

any) headed by that name in the current edition of a compendium published under Part VII of this Act, or

3 K* 3

Part in

1756

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Partin

(c) if there is no such monograph, then the monograph (if any) headed by that name in the current edition of the British Pharmaceutical Codex or the British Veterinary Codex.

(6) Subject to subsection (8) of this section, for the purposes of this section an edition of a publication—

(a) if it is the current edition of that publication, shall be

taken as it is for the time being in force (that is to say, together with any amendments, additions and deletions made to it up to the time referred to in subsection (4) of this section), or

(b) if it is an edition previous to the current edition of that

publication, shall be taken as it was immediately before the time when it was superseded by a subsequent edition of that publication (that is to say, together with any amendments, additions and deletions made to it up to that time),

and any monograph in an edition of a publication shall be construed in accordance with any general monograph or notice or any appendix, note or other explanatory material which is contained in that edition and is applicable to that monograph, and any reference in this section to compliance with the standard specified in a monograph shall be construed accordingly.

(7) In relation to any time on or after the date on which, by notice published in the Gazette by or on behalf of the Health Ministers, it is declared that the European Pharmacopoeia prepared in pursuance of the Convention in that behalf done at Strasbourg on 22nd July 1964 is to have effect for the purposes of this section, subsections (1) and (2) of this section shall have effect as if, after the words " that name is ", in each place where those words occur, there were inserted the words " or is an approved synonym for," subsection (4) of this section shall have effect as if, before the words "the British Pharmacopoeia ", there were inserted the words " the European Pharmacopoeia ", and after the words " headed by that name ", in each place where those words occur, there were inserted the words " or by a name for which it is an approved synonym ", and subsection (5) of this section shall have effect as if for paragraph (a) of that subsection there were substituted the following paragraphs:—

" (a) the monograph (if any) headed by that name, or by a name for which it is an approved synonym, in the current edition of the European Pharmacopoeia, or (aa) if there is no such monograph, then the monograph (if any) headed by that name in the current edition of the British Pharmacopoeia, or ".

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1757

(8) For the purposes of this section, an edition of the European Part in Pharmacopoeia—

(a) if it is the current edition of that Pharmacopoeia at the

time in question, shall be taken as it is for the time being in force in the United Kingdom (that is to say, together with any amendments, additions and deletions made to it which, by notice published as mentioned in subsection (7) of this section before the time referred to in subsection (4) of this section, have been declared to have effect for the purposes of this section), and

(b) if it is an edition previous to the current edition of that

Pharmacopoeia, shall be taken as it was immediately before the time when it was superseded by a subsequent edition of that Pharmacopoeia in force in the United Kingdom (that is to say, together with any amendments, additions and deletions made to it which, by notice so published before that time, had been declared so to have effect),

and a name shall be taken to be an approved synonym for a name at the head of a monograph in the European Pharmacopoeia if, by a notice so published and not withdrawn by any subsequent notice so published, it has been declared to be approved by the Medicines Commission as a synonym for that name.

66.—(1) The appropriate Ministers may by regulations pre-Further scribe such requirements as they may consider necessary or powers to expedient with respect to any of the following matters, that with

is to say medicinal

(a) the manner in which, or persons under whose super-products.

vision, medicinal products may be prepared or may be dispensed;

(b) the amount of space to be provided in any premises

for persons preparing or dispensing medicinal products, the separation of any such space from the remainder of the premises, and the facilities to be provided in any premises for such persons;

(c) the amount of space to be provided in any premises

for the sale or supply of medicinal products;

(d) the accommodation (including the amount of space) to be provided in any premises for members of the public to whom medicinal products are sold or supplied or for whom medicinal products are being prepared or assembled;

(e) the amount of space to be provided in any premises for the storage of medicinal products;

(/) the safekeeping of medicinal products;

3 K* 4

1758

Ch. $7

Medicines Act 1968

Part HI

Offences under Part in.

(?) the disposal of medicinal products which have become unusable or otherwise unwanted;

(h) precautions to be observed before medicinal products are sold or supplied;

(i) the keeping of records relating to the sale or supply

of medicinal products;

(/) the supply of medicinal products distributed as samples;

(k) sanitation, cleanliness, temperature, humidity or other factors relating to the risks of deterioration or contamination in connection with the manufacture, storage, transportation, sale or supply of medicinal products;

(/) the construction, location and use of automatic machines for the sale of medicinal products.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding subsection, regulations made under subsection (1) of this section may prescribe requirements in respect of—

(a) the construction, lay-out, drainage, equipment, main-

tenance, ventilation, lighting and water supply of premises at or from which medicinal products are manufactured, stored, transported, sold or supplied;

(b) the disposal of refuse at or from any such premises; and

(c) any apparatus, equipment, furnishings or utensils used

at any such premises.

Offences, and provision for disqualification

67.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect subject to sections 121 and 122 of this Act.

(2) Any person who contravenes any of the following provisions of this Part of this Act, that is to say, sections 52, 58, 63, 64 and 65, or who contravenes any regulations made under section 60 or section 61 or any order made under section 62 of this Act, shall be guilty of an offence.

(3) Where a medicinal product is sold, supplied or imported in contravention of an order made under section 62 of this Act, any person who, otherwise than for the purpose of performing or exercising a duty or power imposed or conferred by or under this Act or any other enactment, is in possession of the medicinal product, knowing or having reasonable cause to suspect that it was sold, supplied or imported in contravention of the order, shall be guilty of an offence.

Medicines Act 1968 Ch. 67

(4) Any person guilty of an offence under subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding two years or to both.

(5) Any person who contravenes section 53 or section 54(1) or an order made under section 54(2) of this Act shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

(6) Any regulations made under section 66 of this Act may provide that any person who contravenes the regulations shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400 or such lesser sum as may be specified in the regulations.

68.—(1) Where in proceedings brought by an enforcement Disqualifies-authority a person is convicted of an offence under section 67(6) hon on of this Act in respect of any premises used for carrying on a retail pharmacy business, then on the application of that offences, authority the court by or before which he was convicted may (subject to the following provisions of this section) make an order disqualifying him from using those premises for the purposes of such a business for such period, not exceeding two years, as may be specified in the order.

(2) The court shall not make an order under this section disqualifying a person in respect of any premises unless the court thinks it expedient to do so having regard—

(a) to the gravity of the offence of which he has been con-

victed as mentioned in the preceding subsection, or

(b) to the unsatisfactory nature of the premises, or

(c) to any offences under section 67(6) of this Act of which

he has previously been convicted.

(3) No order under this section shall be made against a person on the application of an enforcement authority unless the authority have, not less than fourteen days before the date of the hearing, given him notice in writing of their intention to apply for such an order to be made against him.

(4) If, while an order under this section disqualifying a person in respect of any premises is in force, the premises are used for the purposes of a retail pharmacy business carried on by him, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400.

(5) Subject to the next following subsection, at any time after the end of the period of six months from the date on which an

1759

Part

1760

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part in

General

provisions.

order under this section comes into force, the person to whom the order relates may apply to the court by which the order was made to revoke the order or to vary it by reducing the period of disqualification.

(6) On any application made under subsection (5) of this section the court may revoke or vary the order as mentioned in that subsection if it thinks it proper to do so having regard to all the circumstances of the case, including in particular the conduct of the applicant and any improvement in the state of the premises to which the order relates; but, if on any such application the court refuses to revoke or vary the order, no further application made by the applicant under that subsection shall be entertained if it is made within three months from the date of the refusal.

(7) The court to which an application under subsection (5) of this section is made shall have power to order the applicant to pay the whole or any part of the costs of the application.

(8) In the application of this section to Scotland, for references to an enforcement authority and to costs there shall be substituted respectively references to the procurator fiscal and to expenses.

Part IV Pharmacies

Persons lawfully conducting retail pharmacy business

69.—(1) Subject to the provisions of any order made under section 73 of this Act, a person carrying on a retail pharmacy business shall be taken to be a person lawfully conducting such a business if, not being disqualified by virtue of section 80 of this Act,—

(a) that person (or, if the business is carried on by a partner-

ship, each, or, in Scotland, one or more, of the partners) is a pharmacist and the conditions specified in section 70 of this Act are fulfilled in relation to the business, or

(b) that person is a body corporate and the conditions

specified in section 71 of this Act are fulfilled in relation to the business, or

(c) that person is a representative of a pharmacist (as defined

by section 72 of this Act) and the conditions specified in subsection (2) of that section are fulfilled in relation to him and in relation to the business and the period applicable in accordance with subsection (3) of that section has not expired.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1761

(2) For the purposes of the application of this Part of this Part TV Act to a business which—

(a) is or is to be carried on in one or more separate

or distinct parts (but not the whole) of a building, whether it is or is to be also carried on elsewhere or not, or

(b) so far as concerns the retail sale of medicinal products,

or the supply of such products in circumstances corresponding to retail sale, is or is to be carried on in one or more separate or distinct parts (but not the whole) of a building, whether it is or is to be carried on elsewhere or not,

each such part of that building shall be taken to be separate premises.

(3) In this Part of this Act—

"the appointed day*’ means such day as the Ministers may by order appoint for the purposes of this Part of this Act;

" the board ", in relation to a body corporate, means the body of persons controlling the body corporate, by whatever name called;

" the Council " means the Council of the Pharmaceutical Society;

"the registrar" in relation to Great Britain means the

person appointed under section 1 of the Pharmacy Act 1954 c. 61. 1954 as registrar for the purposes of that Act, and in relation to Northern Ireland means the person appointed under section 8(1) of the Pharmacy and Poisons Act 1925 c. 8 (Northern Ireland) 1925 as registrar for the purposes of (NX), that Act;

"the Statutory Committee" in relation to Great Britain means the committee appointed under section 7 of the Pharmacy Act 1954, and in relation to Northern Ireland means the committee appointed under section 12 of the Medicines, Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Nor- 1945 c. 9 them Ireland) 1945. (NX).

70.—(1) Subject to the next following subsection, the con-Business ditions referred to in section 69(1)(a) of this Act are that, on by at all premises where the business is carried on and medicinal 0

products, other than medicinal products on a general sale list, L nartnS* r are sold by retail— yP

(a) the business, so far as concerns the retail sale at those premises of medicinal products (whether they are medicinal products on a general sale list or not), or

1762

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part IV

1954 c. 61.

1945 c. 9 (N.I.).

Bodies

corporate.

the supply at those premises of such products in circumstances corresponding to retail sale, is under the personal control of the person carrying on the business or that of another pharmacist, and

(b) his name and certificate of registration or those of the other pharmacist, as the case may be, are conspicuously exhibited.

(2) In relation to a business carried on by a partnership the preceding subsection shall have effect as if—

(a) in paragraph (a) of that subsection, for the word

44 person ", there were substituted the words 44 one or more of the partners ", and

(b) in paragraph (b) of that subsection, for the words 44 his

name and certificate of registration ", there were substituted the words 44 the name and certificate of registration of the partner (or, if more than one, of each partner) exercising personal control at those premises as mentioned in the preceding paragraph ".

In the application of this subsection to Scotland, for paragraph (a) there shall be substituted the following paragraph—

44 (a) in paragraph (a) of that subsection, for the words 44the person carrying on the business" there were substituted the words 44 one or more of the partners who are pharmacists ", and "

(3) In this section and in sections 71 and 72 of this Act 44 certificate of registration " in relation to Great Britain means a certificate of registration under the Pharmacy Act 1954, and in relation to Northern Ireland means a certificate of registration within the meaning of the Medicines, Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1945.

71.—(1) The conditions referred to in section 69(1)(6) of this Act are that the business, so far as concerns the keeping, preparing and dispensing of medicinal products other than medicinal products on a general sale list, is under the management of a superintendent in respect of whom the requirements specified in subsection (2) of this section are fulfilled, and that, at all premises where the business is carried on and medicinal products, other than medicinal products on a general sale list, are sold by retail—

(a) the business, so far as concerns the retail sale at those premises of medicinal products (whether they are medicinal products on a general sale list or not) or the supply at those premises of such products in circumstances corresponding to retail sale, if it is not under the personal control of the superintendent, is carried

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1763

on, subject to the directions of the superintendent, Part IV under the personal oontrol of a manager or assistant who is a pharmacist, and

(b) the name and certificate of registration of the person under whose personal control the business is carried on at those premises as mentioned in the preceding paragraph (whether he is the superintendent or some other person) are conspicuously exhibited.

(2) The requirements referred to in the preceding subsection in relation to a superintendent are that—

(a) the superintendent is a pharmacist;

(b) a statement in writing signed by him, and signed on

behalf of the body corporate, specifying his name and stating whether he is a member of the board of that body or not, has been sent to the registrar; and

(c) he does not act in a similar capacity for any other

body corporate.

72.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where Representative

a pharmacist carries on a retail pharmacy business and— of pharmacist

In case of

(a) he dies, or death or

(b) he is adjudged bankrupt or enters into a composition disability*

or scheme or deed of arrangement with his creditors, or, in Scotland, sequestration of his estate is awarded or he makes a trust deed for behoof of his creditors or a composition contract, or

(c) a receiver is appointed for him under Part VIII of the

Mental Health Act 1959, or, in Scotland, a curator 1959 c. 72. bonis or judicial factor is appointed for him on the ground that he suffers from mental disorder, or, in Northern Ireland, a committee, receiver or guardian is appointed in his case under die Lunacy Regulation i87i c. 22. (Ireland) Act 1871,

and a representative of his thereafter carries on his business.

(2) The conditions referred to in section 69(l)(c) of this Act are that the name and address of the representative, and the name of the pharmacist whose representative he is, have been notified to the registrar and that, at all premises at which the business is carried on and medicinal products, other than medicinal products on a general sale list, are sold by retail,—

(a) the business, so far as concerns the retail sale at those premises of medicinal products (whether they are medicinal products on a general sale list or not) or the

1764

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part IV

Power to extend or modify conditions.

supply at those premises of such products in circumstances corresponding to retail sale, is under the personal control of a pharmacist, and

(b) his name and certificate of registration are conspicuously

exhibited.

(3) The period referred to in section 69(l)(c) of this Act—

(a) in the case of the death of a pharmacist, is a period

of five years from the date of his death;

(b) in the case of the bankruptcy or sequestration of the

estate of a pharmacist, is a period of three years from the date on which he is adjudged bankrupt or the date of the award of sequestration, as the case may be;

(c) in the case of a composition or scheme or deed of

arrangement, or of a trust deed or composition contract, is a period of three years from the date on which the trustee appointed thereunder becomes entitled to carry on the business; and

(d) in a case falling within subsection (lHc) of this section,

is a period of three years from the date of the appointment of the receiver, curator bonis, judicial factor, committee or guardian, or. in any such case, is such longer period as, on the application of the representative, the Statutory Committee, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, may direct.

(4) In this section 44 representative "—

(a) in relation to a pharmacist who has died, means his

executor or administrator and, in respect of a period of three months from the date of his death, if he has died leaving no executor who is entitled and willing to carry on the business, includes any person beneficially interested in his estate;

(b) in a case falling within paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section, means the trustee in bankruptcy or the trustee in the sequestration or any trustee appointed under the composition scheme, deed of arrangement, trust deed or composition contract; and

(c) in a case falling within paragraph (c) of that subsection,

means the receiver, curator bonis, judicial factor, committee or guardian.

73.—(1) The Health Ministers may by order add to, revoke or vary any of the provisions of sections 70 to 72 of this Act, so as either—

(a) to modify, or provide new conditions in substitution for, the conditions referred to in any of the paragraphs of section 69(1) of this Act, or

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1765

(b) for the purposes of any of those paragraphs, to provide Part IV alternative conditions compliance with which is to have the like effect as compliance with the conditions referred to in that paragraph.

(2) Any provision made by an order in accordance with subsection (1) of this section may be made either generally or in relation to any particular circumstances specified in the order.

(3) Any order made under this section may direct that subsection (1) or subsection (2) of section 69 of this Act shall have effect subject to such exceptions or modifications as appear to the Health Ministers to be necessary or expedient in consequence of the provision made by the order in accordance with subsection (1) of this section.

(4) Where an order under this section is for the time being in force, any reference to section 69 of this Act in any other enactment as amended by this Act shall be construed as a reference to that section as modified by the order.

(5) No order shall be made under this section unless a draft of the order has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament

Registration of pharmacies

74.—(1) Subject to the next following subsection, in this Act Meaning of "registered pharmacy* means premises for the time being"registered entered in the register required to be kept under section 75 of pharmacy " this Act.

(2) Where immediately before the appointed day any premises are entered in the register kept under section 12 of the Pharmacy and Poisons Act 1933, and are so entered otherwise 1933 c. 25. than in die separate part of that register mentioned in section

1(5) of the Pharmacy and Medicines Act 1941, those premises, 1941 c. 42. if they are not a registered pharmacy by virtue of the preceding subsection, shall be a registered pharmacy by virtue of this subsection until either they cease to be entered in that register or the year which includes the appointed day expires, whichever first occurs.

(3) In this section and in section 76 of this Act "year* means a period of twelve months beginning on such date as the Council may from time to time determine.

(4) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland, in subsection (2>—

(a) for the words from "any premises are entered* to " Pharmacy and Medicines Act 1941 * there shall be substituted the words " an annual licence under section

1766

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

WkTlV 1925 c. 8 (NX).

Registration of premise*.

17 of the Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1925 is in force for any premises ";

(b) after the word "shall " there shall be inserted the words " (subject to the provisions of any order made under paragraph 1 of Schedule 4 to this Act) "; and

(c) for the words " entered in that register " there shall be substituted the words " the subject of such a licence ",

and in subsection (3) the reference to the Council shall be construed as a reference to the Minister of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland.

75.—(1) It shall be the duty of the registrar to keep a register for the purposes of this section (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the register ") and, subject to the following provisions of this section, on payment of the prescribed fee to enter in the register any premises in respect of which an application is made under this section.

(2) Any application for the registration of premises under this section shall be made in the prescribed manner and shall specify the premises to which the application relates and shall contain such other particulars as may be prescribed.

(3) On the making of any such application the registrar shall notify the appropriate Minister, specifiying the premises to which the application relates and the date on which the application was made, and shall not enter those premises in the register before the end of the period of two months from that date, unless before the end of that period the appropriate Minister consents to his doing so.

(4) If it appears to the appropriate Minister that in a material respect the premises do not comply with the requirements of regulations made under section 66 of this Act which are for the time being in force, and accordingly he proposes to certify that the premises are unsuitable for registration under this section, he shall, before the end of the period referred to in subsection (3) of this section, serve on the applicant a notice stating his proposals and the reasons for them, and shall serve a copy of that notice on the registrar; and, where a copy of such a notice is served on him, the registrar shall not enter the premises in the register except where required to do so in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

(5) If, within the time allowed after the service on him of a notice under subsection (4) of this section, the applicant gives notice to the appropriate Minister of his desire to be heard with respect to the proposals, or makes representations in writing to the appropriate Minister with respect to the proposals, then.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1767

before determining whether to issue a certificate under this section Part IV in respect of the premises,—

(a) if the applicant has given notice of his desire to be heard, the appropriate Minister shall afford to him an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by that Minister for the purpose, or

(b) if he has made representations in writing, that Minister shall consider those representations.

(6) Where the appropriate Minister has served a notice under subsection (4) of this section, then—

(a) if he determines not to issue a certificate certifying

that the premises are unsuitable for registration under this section, he shall notify the applicant and the registrar of his decision and (subject to subsection (7) of this section) the registrar shall forthwith enter the premises in the register;

(b) if the appropriate Minister issues such a certificate,

he shall transmit the certificate to the registrar and shall notify the applicant that he has done so, and, if so required by the applicant, shall inform him of the reasons for his decision to issue such a certificate.

(7) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, the registrar shall not enter any premises in the register in pursuance of an application under this section unless it is shown to his reasonable satisfaction either—

(a) that at the time of the application the applicant is a

person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business, or

(b) that, if the premises are entered in the register, and

the applicant begins to carry on a retail pharmacy business at those premises, then as from the time when he begins to do so he will be a person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business.

(8) In this section " the appropriate Minister "—

(a) in relation to premises in England or Wales, means

the Minister of Health;

(b) in relation to premises in Scotland, means the Secretary

of State; and

(c) in relation to premises in Northern Ireland, means the Minister of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland,

and " the time allowed " means the period of twenty-eight days or such extended period as the appropriate Minister may in any particular case allow.

1768

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part IV 76,—(1) Where any premises have been entered in the register.

Supplementary then, in respect of each year subsequent to the year in which the provisions premises were so entered, a further fee (in this section referred aS^trati of to as a '*retention fee") of the prescribed amount shall be 1 payable by the person carrying on a retail pharmacy business at those premises.

(2) If, on demand being made to him in the prescribed manner, the person carrying on a retail pharmacy business at any premises entered in the register fails to pay a retention fee in respect of those premises within two months from the date on which the demand is made, the Council may direct the registrar to remove the premises from the register; but if, before the end of the year in respect of which the retention fee is payable or such longer period as in any particular case the Council may allow, the person carrying on die business pays to the registrar the retention fee in respect of that year, together with such additional sum (if any) by way of penalty as may be prescribed,—

(a) the registrar shall restore the premises to the register,

and

(b) if the Council so direct, the restoration shall be deemed

to have had effect as from the date on which the premises were removed from the register.

(3) Where a change occurs in the ownership of a retail pharmacy business carried on at any premises registered under section 75 of this Act, the registration of the premises under that section—

(a) if the change occurs on the death of the person carrying

on the business, or, in the case of a partnership, on the death of one of the partners, shall become void at the end of the period of three months from the date of the death, and

(b) in any other case, shall become void at the end of the

period of twenty-eight days from the date on which the change occurs.

(4) Where section 74(2) of this Act has effect in relation to any premises, an application for the premises to be entered in the register may be made in the prescribed manner at any time before the end of the year which includes the appointed day; and where such an application is made by virtue of this subsection—

(a) the provisions of section 75 of this Act shall not apply, and

(b) on payment of a fee equal to a retention fee, the registrar shall enter the premises in the register.

UOOQl

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1769

(5) Where the registration of any premises under section 75 Part IV of this Act in respect of a business becomes void by virtue of subsection (3) of this section, an application for the premises to

be restored to the register may be made by the person who, in consequence of the change of ownership, has become the owner of the business; and where such an application is made, and it is shown to the reasonable satisfaction of the registrar either—

(a) that at the time of the application the applicant is a

person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business, or

(b) that, if the premises are restored to the register, and the

applicant thereafter carries on a retail pharmacy business at those premises, then as from the time when he begins to do so he will be a person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business, and (in a case where, if the registration had not become void, a retention fee would have become payable) a fee equal to a retention fee has been paid, the registrar shall restore the premises to the register.

(6) Any regulations prescribing anything for the purposes of section 75 of this Act or this section shall be made by the Health Ministers.

(7) A document purporting to be a certificate signed by the registrar and stating that, on a specified date, specified premises were, or were not, entered in die register shall be admissible in any proceedings as evidence (and, in Scotland, shall be sufficient evidence) that those premises were, or were not, entered in the register on that date.

(8) Any fees received by the registrar by virtue of the last preceding section or this section shall be applicable for the purposes of the Pharmaceutical Society.

(9) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland, any reference to the Council shall be construed as a reference to the Minister of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland, the reference to subsection (2) of section 74 of this Act shall be construed as a reference to that subsection as modified by subsection (4) of that section, and subsection (8) shall be omitted.

77. Every person who carries on a retail pharmacy business Annual

shall, in the month of January in each year, send to the retun?of 4

registrar premises to

registrar registrar.

(a) a list of all premises at which his business, so far

as it consists of the retail sale of medicinal products,

is carried on, and

1770

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part IV ib) in the case of any premises where medicinal products, other than medicinal products on a' general sale list, are sold by retail, or are supplied in circumstances corresponding to retail sale, the name of the pharmacist under whose personal control the business, so far as concerns the retail sale or supply of medicinal products at those premises, is carried on.

Provisions as to use of certain , descriptions and emblems

Restrictions 78.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect subject

on use of titles, to section 79 of this Act.

descriptions

and emblems. (2) On and after the appointed day no person shall—

(a) take or use any of the following titles, that is to say,

chemist and druggist, druggist, dispensing chemist, and dispensing druggist, or

(b) take or use the title of chemist in connection with the sale of any goods by retail or the supply of any goods in circumstances corresponding to retail sale,

unless the conditions specified in the next following subsection are fulfilled.

(3) Those conditions are—

(a) in the case of an individual, that he is a person

lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business (either alone or as a member of a partnership) and that he does not take or use the title in question in connection with any premises at which any goods are sold by retail, or are supplied in circumstances corresponding to retail sale, unless those premises are a registered pharmacy, and

(b) in the case of a body corporate, that the body is a person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business and that the title in question is not taken or used by that body in connection with any premises at which any goods are sold by retail, or are supplied in circumstances corresponding to retail sale, unless those premises are a registered pharmacy, and that the pharmacist who, in relation to that business, is such a superintendent as is referred to in section 71(1) of tins Act is a member of the board of the body corporate.

(4) On and after the appointed day no person shall, in connection with a business carried on by him which consists of or includes the retail sale of any goods, or the supply of any goods in circumstances corresponding to retail sale, use the

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1771

description "pharmacy* except in respect of a registered pharmacy or in respect of the pharmaceutical department of a hospital or a health centre.

(5) On and after the appointed day—

(a) no person who is not a pharmacist shall take or use

any of the following titles, that is to say, pharmaceutical chemist, pharmaceutist, pharmacist, member of the Pharmaceutical Society, and Fellow of the Pharmaceutical Society, and

(b) without prejudice to the preceding paragraph, no person

shall take or use any of those titles in connection with a business carried on (whether by him or by some other person) at any premises which consists of or includes the retail sale of any goods, or the supply of any goods in circumstances corresponding to retail sale, unless those premises are a registered pharmacy or a hospital or health centre.

(6) On and after the appointed day no person shall, in connection with any business, use any title, description or emblem likely to suggest—

(a) that he possesses any qualification with respect to the

sale, manufacture or assembly of medicinal products which he does not in fact possess, or

(b) that any person employed in the business possesses any such qualification which that person does not in fact possess.

(7) For the purposes of the last preceding subsection the use of the description " pharmacy *, in connection with a business carried on at any premises, shall be taken to be likely to suggest that the person carrying on the business (where that person is not a body corporate) is a pharmacist and that any other person, under whose personal control the business (so far as concerns the retail sale of medicinal products or the supply of such products in circumstances corresponding to retail sale) is carnal on at those premises, is also a pharmacist

(8) Where a person is lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business as being a representative of a pharmacist in the circumstances specified in section 69(l)(c) of this Act, subsections (5) to (7) of this section shall not have effect so as to prevent the representative from taking or using, in connection with that business, any title, description or emblem which the pharmacist himself could have used in accordance with those subsections.

Part IV

1772

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part IV Provision for modifying or extending restrictions under s. 78.

Power for Statutory Committee to disqualify and direct removal from register.

79. —(1) The Health Ministers may by order provide that any of the restrictions imposed by section 78 of this Act shall cease to have effect, or shall have effect subject to such exceptions as may be specified in the order.

(2) Without prejudice to the preceding subsection, regulations made by the Health Ministers may (in addition to the restrictions for the time being having effect by virtue of section 78 of this Act) impose such further restrictions or other requirements with respect to the use of titles, descriptions and emblems as may be specified in the regulations.

(3) Without prejudice to the application of section 129(6) of this Act, before making any order or regulations under this section the Health Ministers shall consult the Council.

(4) Regulations made under this section shall be of no effect unless a draft of the regulations has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

Disqualification, and removal of premises from register

80. —(1) Where a body corporate carries on a retail pharmacy business and—

(a) that body is convicted of an offence under any of the

relevant Acts, or

(b) any member of the board or any officer of or person employed by that body is convicted of an offence, or has been guilty of misconduct, and the offence or misconduct is such as in the opinion of the Statutory Committee renders him, or would if he were a pharmacist render him, unfit to be a pharmacist,

then, subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Act, die Statutory Committee, after inquiring into the case, may direct that the body corporate shall be disqualified for the purposes of this Part of this Act.

(2) In any case falling within the preceding subsection—

(a) if the Statutory Committee give a direction under that

subsection, they shall direct the registrar to remove from the register all premises entered in the register as being premises at which the body corporate carries on a retail pharmacy business;

(b) if the Statutory Committee do not give a direction under

the preceding subsection, they may, if they think fit, direct the registrar to remove from the register all those premises, or such of them as may be specified in the direction under this paragraph.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1773

(3) Directions under subsection (1) of this section and under Part IV paragraph (a) of the last preceding subsection, and any direction under paragraph (b) of the last preceding subsection, may,

if the Statutory Committee think fit, be given so as to have effect for a limited period; and in that case the registrar, at the end of that period, shall restore to the register any premises removed from it in compliance with the direction given under paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of the last preceding subsection.

(4) Where, in any such case as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section 72 of this Act, a representative, or a person employed by a representative in the business referred to in that subsection,—

(a) is convicted of an offence, or

(b) has been guilty of misconduct,

and the offence or misconduct is such as in the opinion of the Statutory Committee renders him, or would if he were a pharmacist render him, unfit to be a pharmacist, then, subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Act, the Statutory Committee, after inquiring into the case, may direct that the representative shall be disqualified for the purposes of this Part of this Act.

(5) In this and the next following section " the relevant Acts "

means the Pharmacy Act 1954, Part II of the Pharmacy and 1954 c. 61. Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1925, Part II of the Medicines, 8

Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1945, and this 9

Act, and " representative " has the same meaning as in section (n.i.).

72 of this Act.

81.—(1) The Statutory Committee shall not give a direction Grounds for under subsection (1) of section 80 of this Act, in a case falling disqualification within paragraph (b) of that subsection, and shall not give a m certain direction under subsection (4) of that section, unless— cases*

(a) one or more of the facts specified in the next following

subsection are proved to the satisfaction of the Committee, and

(b) the Committee are of the opinion, having regard to

those facts, that the board of the body corporate are, or, as the case may be, the representative is, to be regarded as responsible for the offence or misconduct in question.

(2) The facts referred to in subsection (l)(a) of this section are—

(a) that the offence or misconduct in question was instigated or connived at by the board or by a member of the board, or by the representative, as the case may be;

1774

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part IV

Procedure relating to disqualification.

(b) that, in the case of a body corporate, a member of the

board, or an officer of or person employed by the body corporate, had, at some time within twelve months before the date on which the offence or misconduct in question occurred, been guilty of a similar offence or similar misconduct and that the board had, or with the exercise of reasonable care would have had, knowledge of that previous offence or misconduct;

(c) that, in the case of the representative, he or a person

employed by him had, at some time within twelve months before the date on which the offence or misconduct in question occurred, been guilty of a similar offence or similar misconduct and (where it was a similar offence or similar misconduct on the part of an employee) that the representative had, or with the exercise of reasonable care would have had, knowledge of that previous offence or misconduct;

(d) if the offence or misconduct in question is a continuing offence or continuing misconduct, that the board, or the representative, had, or with the exercise of reasonable care would have had, knowledge of its continuance;

(e) in the case of an offence in respect of a contravention of an enactment contained in any of the relevant Acts, that the board, or the representative, had not exercised reasonable care to secure that the enactment was complied with.

82.—(1) The Statutory Committee shall not give a direction under section 80 of this Act except with the assent of the chairman of the Committee.

(2) A direction under that section shall not take effect until the end of the period of three months from the date on which notice of the direction is given to the body corporate or other person to whom it relates, and, if an appeal against the direction is brought under this section, shall not take effect until that appeal has been determined or withdrawn.

(3) Where any such direction is given, the body corporate or other person to whom it relates may, at any time before the end of the period of three months specified in subsection (2) of this section, appeal against the direction to the High Court.

(4) The Pharmaceutical Society may appear as respondent on any such appeal; and, for the purpose of enabling directions to be given as to costs on any such appeal, the Pharmaceutical Society shall be deemed to be a respondent to the appeal whether they appear on the hearing of the appeal or not

~by

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. <57

1775

(5) On any such appeal, the High Court may give such Part IV directions in die matter as appear to the Court to be appropriate; and it shall be the duty of the Statutory Committee to comply with any such directions and (where appropriate) of the registrar to make such alterations in the register as are necessary

to give effect to them.

(6) No appeal shall lie from any decision of the High Court under this section.

(7) In the application of this section to Scotland, any reference to the High Court shall be construed as a reference to the Court of Session, and any reference to costs shall be construed as a reference to expenses.

(8) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland, any reference to the High Court shall be construed as a reference to a judge of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Northern Ireland.

S3.—(1) At any time while a direction under section 80 of this Revocation Act is in force the Statutory Committee, either on the application djsquali-of the person to whom it relates or without any such application, ficatl01L may revoke the direction.

(2) If, on an application to the Statutory Committee to revoke such a direction, the Committee refuse to revoke it, the applicant, at any time before the end of the period of three months from the date on which notice of the refusal is given to him, may appeal to the High Court against the refusal.

(3) Subsections (4) to (6) of section 82 of this Act shall have effect in relation to any appeal under this section as they have effect in relation to appeals under that section.

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland, any reference to the High Court shall be construed as a reference to the Court of Session; and in the application of this section to Northern Ireland, any reference to the High Court shall be construed as a reference to a judge of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Northern Ireland.

Supplementary provisions

84.—(1) Any person who contravenes section 77 of this Offences Act shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary under conviction to a fine not exceeding £50. Part rv-

(2) Any person who contravenes section 78 of this Act or who contravenes any regulations made under section 79(2) of this Act shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

3 L

1776

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Labelling and marking of containers and packages.

Part V

Containers* Packages and Identification of Medicinal Products

85.—(1) The appropriate Ministers may make regulations imposing such requirements as, for any of the purposes specified in subsection (2) of this section, they consider necessary or expedient with respect to any of the following matters, that is to say—

(a) the labelling of containers of medicinal products;

(b) the labelling of packages of medicinal products;

(c) the display of distinctive marks on containers and

packages of medicinal products.

(2) The purposes referred to in the preceding subsection are—

(a) securing that medicinal products are correctly described

and readily identifiable;

(b) securing that any appropriate warning or other appro-

priate information or instruction is given, and that false or misleading information is not given, with respect to medicinal products;

(c) promoting safety in relation to medicinal products.

(3) No person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him, sell or supply, or have in his possession for the purpose of sale or supply, any medicinal product in such circumstances as to contravene any requirements imposed by regulations under this section which are applicable to that product

(4) In so far as any such requirements relate to the labelling or marking of containers of medicinal products, a person who* in the course of a business carried on by him, sells or supplies a medicinal product to which the requirements are applicable without its being enclosed in a container shall, except in so far as the regulations otherwise provide, be taken to contravene those requirements as if he had sold or supplied it in a container not complying with those requirements.

(5) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this section, no person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him, sell or supply, or have in his possession for the purpose of sale or supply, a medicinal product of any description in a container or package which is labelled or marked in such a way that the container or package—

(a) falsely describes the product, or

(b) is likely to mislead as to the nature or quality of the

product or as to the uses or effects of medicinal products of that description.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 61

1777

86. —(1) The appropriate Ministers may make regulations imposing such requirements as. for any of the purposes specified in section 85(2) of this Act. they consider necessary or expedient with respect to leaflets relating to medicinal products which are supplied, or are intended to be supplied, with the products, whether by being enclosed in containers or packages of the products or otherwise.

(2) No person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him, supply with any medicinal product, or have in his possession for the purpose of so supplying, a leaflet which contravenes any requirements imposed by regulations under this section which are applicable to that leaflet

(3) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this section, no person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him, supply with a medicinal product of any description, or have in his possession for the purpose of so supplying, a leaflet which—

(a) falsely describes the product, or

(b) is likely to mislead as to the nature or quality of the

product or as to the uses or effects of medicinal products of that description.

87. —(1) The appropriate Ministers may make regulations prohibiting the sale or supply of medicinal products otherwise than in containers which comply with such requirements as those Ministers consider necessary or expedient for any of the purposes specified in section 85(2) of this Act, or for the purpose of preserving the quality of the products, and in particular, may by the regulations require such containers to be of such strength, to be made of such materials, and to be of such shapes or patterns, as may be prescribed.

(2) No person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him, sell or supply, or have in his possession for the purpose of sale or supply, any medicinal product in such circumstances as to contravene any requirements imposed by regulations under this section which are applicable to that product

88.—(1) Regulations made by the appropriate Ministers may impose such requirements as, for any of the purposes specified in section 85(2) of this Act, those Ministers consider necessary or expedient with respect to any one or more of the following matters, that is to say—

(a) the colour of the products;

(b) the shape of the products; and

(c) distinctive marks to be displayed on the products.

3 L 2

Part V Leaflets.

Requirements as to

containers.

Distinctive colours, shapes and markings of medicinal products.

1778

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part V

Display of information on automatic machines.

Provisions as to

medicated

Animal

feeding stuffs.

(2) Regulations made under this section may provide that medicinal products of any such description, or foiling within any such class, as may be specified in the regulations shall not except in such circumstances (if any) as may be so specified, be of any such colour or shape, or display any such mark, as may be so specified.

(3) No person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him, sell or supply, or have in his possession for the purpose of sale or supply, any medicinal product which contravenes any requirements imposed by regulations under this section.

89. —(1) Regulations made by the appropriate Ministers may impose such requirements as they consider necessary or expedient with respect to the display on automatic machines of information relating to medicinal products offered or exposed for sale by means of such machines.

(2) No person shall offer or expose for sale any medicinal product by means of an automatic machine in such circumstances as to contravene any requirements imposed by regulations under this section which are applicable to that product.

90. —(1) The provisions of subsections (1) to (4) of section 85, subsections (1) and (2) of section 86, and section 87 of this Act shall have effect in relation to animal feeding stuffs in which medicinal products have been incorporated as if in those provisions any reference to the appropriate Ministers were a reference to the Agriculture Ministers and any reference to medicinal products were a reference to animal feeding stuffs in which medicinal products have been incorporated.

(2) Without prejudice to the preceding subsection, but subject to the next following subsection, no person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him, sell or supply, or have in his possession for the purpose of sale or supply, any animal feeding stuff in which a medicinal product of any description has been incorporated, which is in a container or package labelled or marked in such a way that the container or package—

(a) falsely describes the animal feeding stuff in so far as

its composition results from the incorporation of the medicinal product in it, or

(b) is likely to mislead as to the nature or quality of the

animal feeding stuff in so far as its composition so results, or

(c) is likely to mislead as to the uses or effects of animal

feeding stuffs in which medicinal products of the description in question have been incorporated, in so

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1779

far as any such uses or effects are attributable to the Part V incorporation of such medicinal products;

and no person shall, in the course of a business carried on by him, supply with any such animal feeding stuff, or have in his possession for the purpose of so supplying, a leaflet which falsely describes the animal feeding stuff, or is likely to mislead, as mentioned in paragraph (a), paragraph (b) or paragraph

(c) of this subsection.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2) of this section no account shall be taken—

(a) of any mark which, in pursuance of the Fertilisers and 1926 c. 45. Feeding Stuffs Act 1926, is made on a container or package, if the animal feeding stuff contained in it is of a kind specified in the first column of Part II of Schedule 1 to that Act, or

(b) of any statement which, in pursuance of that Act, is made in a leaflet supplied, or intended to be supplied, with any animal feeding stuff of a kind so specified.

(4) Section 130(10) of this Act shall have effect with the necessary modifications for the purpose of subsection (2)(c) of this section.

91.—(1) Subject to sections 121 and 122 of this Act, any Offences under

person who contravenes the provisions of section 85(5), section Part and

86(3) or section 90(2) of this Act shall be guilty of an offence

and liable— provision,.

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding two years or to both.

(2) Any regulations made under this Part of this Act may provide that any person who contravenes the regulations, or who contravenes the provisions of section 85(3), section 86(2) or section 87(2) of this Act or any of those provisions as applied by section 90(1) of this Act, shall be guilty of an offence and—

(a) shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding £400 or such lesser sum as may be specified in the regulations, and

(b) if die regulations so provide, shall be liable on conviction

on indictment to a fine or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to both.

(3) Without prejudice to the application of section 129(5) of this Act, any power to make regulations conferred by sections 85 to 87 of this Act may be exercised so as to impose requirements either in relation to medicinal products generally or in relation to medicinal products of a particular description, or

3 L 3

1780

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part V

Scope of Part VI.

falling within a particular class, specified in the regulations, and any power to make regulations conferred by those sections as applied by section 90(1) of this Act shall be exercisable in a corresponding way.

(4) In this Part of this Act " requirements * includes restrictions.

Part VI

Promotion of Sales of Medicinal Products

92.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, in this Part of this Act " advertisement " includes every form of advertising, whether in a publication, or by the display of any notice, or by means of any catalogue, price list, letter (whether circular or addressed to a particular person) or other document, or by words inscribed on any article, or by the exhibition of a photograph or a cinematograph film, or by way of sound recording, sound broadcasting or television, or in any other way, and any reference to the issue of an advertisement shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding subsection, in this Part of this Act " advertisement " does not include spoken words except—

(a) words forming part of a sound recording or embodied

in a sound-track associated with a cinematograph film, and

(b) words broadcast by way of sound broadcasting or tele-

vision or transmitted to subscribers to a diffusion service.

(3) Except as provided by section 95 of this Act, for the purposes of this Part of this Act neither of the following shall be taken to constitute the issue of an advertisement, that is to say—

(a) the sale or supply, or offer or exposure for sale or supply, of a medicinal product in a labelled container or package;

(fi) the supply, with a medicinal product of any description, of a leaflet relating solely to medicinal products of that description.

(4) In this Part of this Act " commercially interested party ", in relation to medicinal products of any description, means any person who—

(< a) is the holder of a licence under Part II of this Act which is applicable to medicinal products of that description, or

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1781

(b) not being the holder of such a licence, is a person who. Part VI

in the course of a business carried on by him, is engaged, in relation to medicinal products of that description, in any such activities as are mentioned in subsection (2) or subsection (3) of section 7 or in subsection (2) or subsection (3) of section 8 of this Act, or

(c) sells by retail any medicinal products of that description

in the course of a business carried on by him, and any reference to the request or consent of a commercially interested party includes a reference to any request made or consent given by a person acting on behalf of a commercially interested party; and " relevant business " means any business which consists of or includes the sale or supply of medicinal products.

(5) In this Part of this Act "representation" means any statement or undertaking (whether constituting a condition or a warranty or not) which consists of spoken words other than words falling within paragraph (a)or paragraph ( of subsection <2) of this section, and any reference to making a representation shall be construed accordingly.

(6) In this section "sound recording" has the meaning assigned to it by section 12 of the Copyright Act 1956; and 1956 c. 74. section 48(3) of that Act shall have effect for the purposes of

this section as it has effect for the purposes of that Act

93.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section. False or any person who, being a commercially interested party, or at the misleading request or with the consent of a commercially interested party, advertisements issues, or causes another person to issue, a false or misleading advertisement relating to medicinal products of any description shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) Where a licence under Part II of this Act is in force which is applicable to medicinal products of a particular description, and, in accordance with the provisions of the licence, the purposes for which medicinal products of that description may be recommended to be used are limited to those specified in the licence, then, subject to the following provisions of this section, any person who, being a commercially interested party, or at the request or with the consent of a commercially interested party, issues, or causes another person to issue, an advertisement relating to medicinal products of that description which consists of or includes unauthorised recommendations shall be guilty of an offence.

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, any person who in the course of a relevant business carried on by

3 L 4

1782

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part VI him, or while acting on behalf of a person carrying on such a business, makes a false or misleading representation relating to a medicinal product in connection with the sale, or offer for sale, of that product shall be guilty of an offence; and any person who, in the course of such a business or while acting on behalf of a person carrying on such a business, makes a false or misleading representation relating to medicinal products of a particular description—

(a) to a practitioner for the purpose of inducing him to prescribe or supply medicinal products of that description, or

(b) to a patient or client of a practitioner for the purpose of inducing him to request the practitioner to prescribe medicinal products of that description, or

(c) to a person for the purpose of inducing him to purchase

medicinal products of that description from a person selling them by retail,

shall be guilty of an offence.

(4) Where in the circumstances specified in subsection (2) of this section any person, in the course of a relevant business carried on by him, or while acting on behalf of a person carrying on such a business,—

(a) in connection with the sale, or offer for sale, of a medicinal product of the description in question, makes a representation relating to the product which consists of or includes unauthorised recommendations, or

(b) for any such purpose as is specified in paragraphs (a)

to (c) of subsection <3) of this section makes a representation relating to medicinal products of that description which consists of or includes unauthorised recommendations, that person, subject to the following provisions of this section, shall be guilty of an offence.

(5) Where a person is charged with an offence under this section, it shall be a defence for him to prove—

(a) where the offence charged is under subsection (1) or

subsection (3) of this section, that he did not know, and could not with reasonable diligence have discovered, that the advertisement or representation was false or misleading;

(b) where the offence charged is under subsection (2) or

subsection (4) of this section, that he did not know, and could not with reasonable diligence have discovered, that the recommendations made by the advertisement or representation were unauthorised recommendations.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1783

(6) Without prejudice to the last preceding subsection, where part VI a person is charged with an offence under this section in respect

of the issue of an advertisement, it shall be a defence for him to prove that he is a person whose business it is to issue or arrange for the issue of advertisements, and that either—

(a) he received the advertisement for issue in the ordinary course of business and issued it, or arranged for it to be issued, either unaltered or without any alteration except in respect of lettering or lay-out, or

(b) not being a commercially interested party, he received from a commercially interested party the information on which the advertisement was based and in the ordinary course of business prepared the advertisement in accordance with that information for issue at the request of that party,

and (in either case) that he did not know and had no reason to suspect that the issue of the advertisement would amount to an offence under this section.

(7) For the purposes of this section an advertisement (whether it contains an accurate statement of the composition of medicinal products of the description in question or not) shall be taken to be false or misleading if (but only if)—

(a) it falsely describes the description of medicinal products

to which it relates, or

(b) it is likely to mislead as to the nature or quality of

medicinal products of that description or as to their uses or effects,

and any reference in this section to a false or misleading representation shall be construed in a corresponding way.

(8) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect subject to section 121 of this Act.

(9) Any person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding two years or to both.

(10) In this section "unauthorised recommendations", in relation to the circumstances specified in subsection (2) of this section, means recommendations whereby medicinal products of a description to which the licence in question is applicable are recommended to be used for purposes other than those specified in the licence.

3 L*

1784

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part VI 94.—(1) Where a product licence under this Act is in force

Advertisements which is applicable to medicinal products of a particular requiring description, then, except with the consent of the holder of the consent of licence,— holder of

product (a) no commercially interested party (other than the holder

Uccnce» of the licence) shall issue, or cause another person to

issue, any advertisement relating to medicinal products of that description; and

(b) no person who is not a commercially interested party shall, at the request or with the consent of a commercially interested party, issue, or cause another person to issue, any such advertisement.

(2) Subject to section 121 of this Act, any person who contravenes the preceding subsection shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

Powers to 95.—(1) The appropriate Ministers may by regulations pro-

regulate hi bit any one or more of the following, that is to say— advertisements

and represen- (a) the issue of advertisements relating to medicinal probations. ducts of a description, or falling within a class, specified

in the regulations;

(b) the issue of advertisements likely to lead to the use of

any medicinal product, or any other substance or article, for the purpose of treating or preventing a disease specified in the regulations or for the purpose of diagnosis of a disease so specified or of ascertaining the existence, degree or extent of a physiological condition so specified or of permanently or temporarily preventing or otherwise interfering with the normal operation of a physiological function so specified, or for the purpose of artificially inducing a condition of body or mind so specified;

(c) the issue of advertisements likely to lead to the use of

medicinal products of a particular description or falling within a particular class specified in the regulations, or the use of any other substance or article of a description or class so specified, for any such purpose as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection;

(d) the issue of advertisements relating to medicinal products and containing a word or phrase specified in the regulations, as being a word or phrase which, in the opinion of the appropriate Ministers, is likely to mislead the public as to the nature or effects of the products or as to any condition of body or mind in connection with which the products might be used.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1785

(2) Where any regulations are made in accordance with paragraph (b), paragraph (c) or paragraph (d) of the preceding subsection, the regulations may prohibit the making of any representation likely to lead to the use of a medicinal product or other substance or article to which the regulations apply for a purpose specified in the regulations in accordance with paragraph (b) of that subsection, or containing a word or phrase specified in the regulations in accordance with paragraph (d) of that subsection, if the representation—

(a) is made in connection with the sale or supply, or offer

for sale or supply, of a medicinal product or other substance or article to which the regulations apply, or

(b) is made to a person for the purpose of inducing him to

purchase such a medicinal product, substance or article from a person selling by retail medicinal products or other substances or articles to which the regulations apply, or

(c) in the case of medicinal products of a description to which the regulations apply, is made to a practitioner for the purpose of inducing him to prescribe or supply medicinal products of that description or is made to a patient or client of a practitioner for the purpose of inducing him to request the practitioner to prescribe medicinal products of that description.

(3) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this section, the appropriate Ministers may by regulations impose such requirements as, for any of the purposes specified in the next following subsection, they consider necessary or expedient with respect to any one or more of the following matters, that is to say—

(a) the particulars which advertisements relating to

medicinal products must contain;

(b) the form of any such advertisements; and

(c) in the case of advertisements by way of cinematograph

films or television, the duration for which, and the manner in which, any part of such an advertisement which contains particulars of a description specified in the regulations must be exhibited;

and any such regulations may prohibit the use, in relation to medicinal products of a description specified in the regulations, of advertisements of any particular kind so specified.

(4) The purposes referred to in subsection (3) of this section are—

(a) securing that adequate information is given with respect to medicinal products;

3 L* 2

Part VI

1786

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part VI (b)preventing the giving of misleading information with

respect to such products;

(c) promoting safety in relation to such products.

(5) Without prejudice to the application of section 129(5) of this Act, any prohibition imposed by regulations under this section may be a total prohibition or may be imposed subject to such exceptions as may be specified in the regulations.

(6) Any regulations made under this section may provide that any person who contravenes the regulations shall be guilty of an offence and—

(a) shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding £400 or such lesser sum as may be specified in the regulations, and

(b) if the regulations so provide, shall be liable on convic-

tion on indictment to a fine or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to both.

(7) Section 92(3) of this Act shall not have effect for the purposes of paragraphs (b) to (d) of subsection (1) of this section.

Advertisements and representations directed to practitioners.

96.—(1) On and after the relevant date, no advertisement relating to medicinal products of a particular description, other than a data sheet, shall be sent or delivered to a practitioner—

(a) by a commercially interested party, or

(b) by any person at the request or with the consent of a commercially interested party.

unless the conditions specified in subsection (3) of this section are fulfilled.

(2) On and after the relevant date, no representation likely to promote the use of medicinal products of a particular description referred to in the representation shall be made to a practitioner by a person carrying on a relevant business, or by a person acting on behalf of a person carrying on such a business, unless the conditions specified in subsection (3) of this section are fulfilled.

(3) Those conditions are—

(a) that a data sheet relating to medicinal products of the description in question is sent or delivered to the prac-tioner with the advertisement, or is delivered to him at the time when the representation is made, or that such a data sheet has been sent or delivered to him not more than fifteen months before the date on which the advertisement is sent or delivered or the representation is made, and

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1787

(b) that the advertisement or representation is not incon- Part VI sistent with the particulars contained in the data sheet.

(4) For the purposes of this section the relevant date—

(a) in relation to medicinal products of any description to

which neither subsection (2) nor subsection (3) of section 16 of this Act is applicable, is the first appointed day, and

(b) in relation to medicinal products of any description to

which either of those subsections is applicable, is the date of expiry of the period of six months from the date (or, if more than one, the latest date) on which, by virtue of one or more orders under section 17 of this Act, those subsections cease (or, if only one of them is applicable, that subsection ceases) to have effect in relation to them.

(5) Subject to section 121 of this Act, any person who contravenes subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section shall be guilty of an offence, and, if he contravenes that subsection by not complying with the condition specified in paragraph ( of subsection (3) of this section, shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400, or

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding two years or to both,

and, in any other case, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.

(6) In this and the next following section " data sheet" means a document relating to medicinal products of a particular description, which is prepared by or on behalf of the holder of a product licence which is applicable to medicinal products of that description and which—

(a) complies with such requirements as to dimensions and

form, as to the particulars to be contained in it, and as to the manner (whether in respect of type, size, colour or disposition of lettering or otherwise) in which any such particulars are to be so contained, as may be prescribed for the purposes of this subsection, and

(b) does not contain any information relating to medicinal

products of that description except the particulars so prescribed.

97.—(1) The licensing authority may serve on any person power for a notice requiring him, within such time as may be specified in licensing die notice, to furnish to the licensing authority such number of authority to copies (not exceeding twelve) as may be so specified of any adver- oTadvert?^-65 tisement (including any data sheet) relating to medicinal products, ments.

3 L* 3

1788

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part VI

Copyright in British Pharmacopoeia.

1956 c. 76.

New editions of British Pharmacopoeia, and other

compendia.

or to medicinal products of a description or falling within a class so specified, which he has issued, or has caused to be issued, within the period of twelve months ending with the date of service of the notice, and which he has so issued, or caused to be issued,—

(a) being a commercially interested party, or

(b) at the request or with the consent of a commercially

interested party.

(2) Any person who without reasonable excuse fails to comply with any requirement imposed on him by a notice under this section shall be guilty of an offence, and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.

Part VII

British Pharmacopoeia and Other Pubucations

98. If by any instrument executed after the passing of this Act the General Medical Council assign to Her Majesty the copyright in the British Pharmacopoeia, in so far as that copyright is vested in the Council, then on the date on which that assignment is expressed to take effect (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the vesting date ") section 47 of the Medical Act 1956 (which relates to the publication of the British Pharmacopoeia under the direction of the Council) shall cease to have effect.

99. —(1) The appropriate body shall, at any such time as may be determined in accordance with subsection (5) of this section, prepare or cause to be prepared a new edition of the British Pharmacopoeia, containing such relevant information relating to substances and articles to which this subsection applies as may be so determined.

(2) The substances and articles to which the preceding subsection applies are—

(a) substances and articles (whether medicinal products or

not) which are or may be used in the practice of medicine (other than veterinary medicine), surgery (other than veterinary surgery), dentistry or midwifery, and

(b) substances and articles used in the manufacture of sub-

stances or articles falling within the preceding paragraph.

(3) Without prejudice to subsection (1) of this section, the appropriate body may, at any such time as may be determined in accordance with subsection (5) of this section, prepare or

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1789

cause to be prepared any such compendium or edition as is mentioned in either of the following paragraphs, that is to say—

(a) a compendium (other than the British Pharmacopoeia) containing such relevant information relating to substances and articles to which subsection (1) of this section applies, or any class of such substances and articles, as may be so determined, or, where such a compendium has been published under this section, a new edition of that compendium;

(b) a compendium containing such relevant information relating to substances and articles to which this paragraph applies, or any class of such substances and articles, as may be so determined, or, where such a compendium has been published under this section, a new edition of that compendium.

(4) The substances and articles to which subsection (3 of this section applies are—

(a) substances and articles (whether veterinary drugs or not)

which are or may be used in the practice of veterinary medicine or veterinary surgery, and

(b) substances and articles used in the manufacture of sub-

stances and articles falling within the preceding paragraph.

(5) Anything falling to be determined for the purposes of subsection (1) or subsection (3) of this section—

(a) except where the appropriate body is the Commission,

shall be determined in accordance with directions given by the Commission, or

(b) where the appropriate body is the Commission, shall

be determined by the Commission.

(6) Where the appropriate body has prepared or caused to be prepared a new edition of the British Pharmacopoeia or any such compendium or new edition of a compendium as is mentioned in subsection (3) (a) of this section, then, on the recommendation of the Commission, the Health Ministers shall cause it to be published; and where the appropriate body has prepared or caused to be prepared any such compendium or new edition as is mentioned in subsection (3)(Z>) of this section, then, on the recommendation of the Commission, the Agriculture Ministers shall cause it to be published :

Provided that no edition or compendium shall be published under this subsection before the vesting date.

(7) In this Part of this Act " the appropriate body ", in relation to any work falling to be prepared under this Part of this Act, means the committee (if any) established under section 4 of this

3 L* 4

Part VII

1790

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part VII

Lists of names.

Other

publications.

Act whose functions consist of or include the preparation of that work or, if for the time being there is no such committee, means the Commission, and " relevant information ", in relation to any substances or articles, means any information consisting of descriptions of, standards for, or notes or other matter relating to, those substances or articles.

100, —(1) The appropriate body shall, whenever—

(a) if the appropriate body is a committee established under

section 4 of this Act. they are directed by the Commission to do so, or

(b) if that body is the Commission, the Commission consider

it expedient to do so, prepare or cause to be prepared a list of names appearing to that body to be suitable names to be used as the names of any substances and articles to which subsection (1) or subsection (3Mb) of section 99 of this Act applies and to be placed at the head of monographs relating to those substances or articles in any edition of the British Pharmacopoeia, or in any compendium or edition of a compendium, prepared under that section.

(2) Where any such list has been prepared in pursuance of the preceding subsection, then, on the recommendation of the Commission, the Ministers shall cause it to be published.

(3) A list may be prepared and published under this section in substitution for, and so as to supersede, any list previously prepared and published thereunder.

101. —(1) The appropriate body shall, whenever—

(a) if the appropriate body is a committee established under section 4 of this Act, they are directed by the Commission to do so, or

(b) if that body is the Commission, the Commission consider

it expedient to do so,

prepare or cause to be prepared publications of any such description not falling within section 99 or section 100 of this Act as may be determined for the purposes of this subsection, being publications containing such relevant information relating to substances and articles to which subsection (1) or subsection (3)(b) of section 99 of this Act applies as may be so determined.

(2) Where the appropriate body has prepared or caused to be prepared a publication under this section, then, on the recommendation of the Commission, the Health Ministers or the Agriculture Ministers may cause it to be published and may arrange for it to be made available for sale to the public or to be otherwise distributed as the Ministers concerned may determine.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1791

(3) In relation to a journal or other publication of a periodical Part VII nature a direction of the Commission under subsection (l)(a) of

this section, or a recommendation of the Commission under subsection (2) of this section, may be given either—

(a) in relation to a particular issue of the publication, or

(b) so as to have effect, while the direction or recommenda-

tion remains in force, in relation to each successive issue of the publication.

(4) Subsection (5) of section 99 of this Act shall have effect for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section as it has effect for the purposes of subsections (1) and (3) of that section.

102.—(1) The provisions of subsections (1) to (6) of section 99 Supplementary of this Act shall have effect in relation to the preparation and provisions, publication of amendments of—

(a) the British Pharmacopoeia (whether it is the edition of

the Pharmacopoeia current immediately before the vesting date or any new edition of it published under that section), and

(b) any compendium, or new edition of a compendium, pub-

lished under that section,

as those provisions have effect in relation to the preparation and publication of new editions of the British Pharmacopoeia or any such compendium, as the case may be.

(2) At any time on or after the vesting date the Health Ministers may publish any amendment of the British Pharmacopoeia or of any such compendium which in the opinion of those Ministers is necessary for the purpose of giving effect to the Convention referred to in section 65(7) of this Act

(3) The provisions of section 100 of this Act shall have effect in relation to the preparation and publication of amendments of any list published under that section as those provisions have effect in relation to the preparation and publication of any such list

(4) Copies of—

(a) any new edition of the British Pharmacopoeia or of any compendium or new edition of a compendium published under section 99 of this Act;

(b) any list published under section 100 of this Act; and

(c) any such amendment as is mentioned in the preceding

provisions of this section,

shall, in accordance with arrangements made by the appropriate Ministers, be made available for sale to the public.

1792

Ch. (57

Medicines Act 1968

Part vn

Construction of references to specified publications.

(5) Every such copy shall specify the date on which the subject-matter contained in it (whether it is a new edition of the British Pharmacopoeia, or a compendium or new edition of a compendium, or a list of names, or an amendment) is to take effect; and the appropriate Ministers shall also give notice of that date by notices published in the Gazette not less than twenty-one days before that date.

(6) Any document purporting to be such a copy as is mentioned in subsection (4) of this section, and to be printed by a person named in the relevant notices published in the Gazette as being a person authorised by the appropriate Ministers to print copies of the subject-matter contained in it, shall be received in evidence as being a true copy of that subject-matter and shall be evidence (and, in Scotland, shall be sufficient evidence) of the date on which that subject-matter came into operation.

(7) In this section "the appropriate Ministers", in relation to any subject-matter required or authorised to be published under this Part of this Act, means the Ministers causing it to be published, and " amendment " includes addition and deletion.

103.—(1) In this section " specified publication " means any of the following, that is to say—

(a) the European Pharmacopoeia;

(b) the British Pharmacopoeia;

(c) the British Pharmaceutical Codex;

(d) the British Veterinary Codex;

(< e)the British National Formulary;

(/) the Dental Practitioners’ Formulary;

(g) any compendium prepared under subsection (3) and

published under subsection (6) of section 99 of this

Act; and

(h) any list of names prepared and published under section

100 of this Act.

(2) Where any licence granted or certificate issued under Part II of this Act refers to a specified publication, but not to a particular edition of that publication, then, for the purpose of determining whether anything done, at a time when the licence or certificate is in force, is done in accordance with the licence or certificate, the reference shall, unless the licence or certificate otherwise expressly provides, be construed as a reference to the current edition of that publication as in force at that time.

(3) Where under any enactment other than this Act (whether passed before or after the passing of this Act) there is power to make any regulations, rules, order, list or other instrument which

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1793

is to have effect by virtue of, or for the purposes of, that enactment, and an instrument made in the exercise of that power—

(a) could be made so as to refer to the current edition of a

specified publication as in force at the time when the instrument is made, but

(b) could not, apart from this subsection, be made so as to

refer to die current edition of a specified publication as in force at a subsequent time,

the power to make the instrument may (unless, in the case of an enactment passed after this Act, die enactment otherwise expressly provides) be exercised so as to refer to the current edition of a specified publication as in force at such time (whether before, at or after the time when the instrument is made) as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the instrument.

(4) Where any such power as is mentioned in subsection (3) of this section (in this subsection referred to as " the primary power") includes power to vary instruments made in the exercise of the primary power, subsection (3) of this section shall have effect in relation to any exercise of the power to vary any such instrument (whether the instrument was made before, or is made after, the passing of this Act) as it has effect in relation to any exercise of the primary power.

(5) In this section any reference to the current edition of a specified publication as in force at a particular time is a reference to the edition of that publication in force at that time together with any amendments, additions and deletions made to it up to that time; and any reference to making an instrument in the exercise of a power conferred by an enactment shall be construed as including a reference to issuing or approving such an instrument.

Part VIII

Miscellaneous and Supplementary Provisions

104.—(1) The Ministers, the Health Ministers or the Agriculture Ministers may by order specify any description or class of articles or substances appearing to them to be articles or substances which are not medicinal products but are manufactured, sold, supplied, imported or exported for use wholly or partly for a medicinal purpose, and may by the order direct that, subject to such exceptions and modifications as may be specified in the order, such provisions of this Act as may be so specified (including provisions so specified which relate to offences or penalties) shall have effect in relation to articles or substances

Part VII

Application of Act to certain articles and substances.

1794 Ch. 67 Medicines Act 1968

Part Vin of that description or class as those provisions have effect in relation to medicinal products.

(2) No order shall be made under this section unless a draft of the order has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament

Application of Act to certain other substances which are not medicinal products.

105.—(1) The Ministers may by order specify any substance appearing to the Ministers to be a substance which is not itself a medicinal product but—

(a) is used as an ingredient in the manufacture of medicinal

products, or

(b) if used without proper safeguards, is capable of causing danger to the health of the community, or of causing danger to the health of animals generally or of one or more species of animals,

and direct that, subject to such exceptions and modifications as may be specified in the order, such provisions of this Act as may be so specified (including any provisions so specified which relate to offences or penalties) shall have effect in relation to that substance as those provisions have effect in relation to medicinal products.

(2) The power conferred by the preceding subsection may be exercised in relation to a class of substances if it appears to the Ministers that the conditions specified in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of that subsection are fulfilled in relation to all substances falling within that class.

(3) No order shall be made under this section—

(a) in relation to a substance as being a substance in respect

of which the condition specified in subsection (1 of this section is fulfilled, or

(b) in relation to a class of substances as being substances

in respect of which that condition is fulfilled,

unless a draft of the order has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

Extension of references to carrying on business.

106.—(1) The Ministers may by order direct that such provisions of this Act as may be specified in the order, in so for as they relate to things done by a person in the course of a business carried on by him, shall have effect, subject to such exceptions and modifications as may be specified in die order, as if in those provisions any reference to a business included a reference to an activity (other than a business) of a description specified in the order.

(2) Without prejudice to the preceding subsection, the Ministers may by order direct that such provisions of this Act as may

b

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1795

be specified in the order, in so far as they relate to things done Part vm

by a person in the course of a business carried on by him, shall

have effect, subject to such exceptions and modifications as may

be specified in the order, as if, in such circumstances as may

be so specified, a business carried on by a person’s employer

were a business carried on by that person.

107.—(1) Except as provided by the following provisions of Validity of this section, the validity of any decision of the licensing authority decisions and under Part II of this Act or of a Minister under section 75 of this ?Iw^ings Act, and the validity of any licence or certificate granted or thereto, issued or other thing done in pursuance of any such decision, shall not be questioned in any legal proceedings.

(2) If the person to whom such a decision relates desires to question the validity of the decision on the grounds—

(a) that it is not within the powers of this Act, or

(b) that any of the requirements of this Act or of any regulations made under this Act, which are applicable to the matter to which the decision relates, have not been complied with,

that person may, at any time within the period of three months from the date on which notice of the decision is served on him, make an application to the High Court under this section.

(3) On any application under this section the High Court—

(a) may by interim order suspend the operation of the

decision to which the application relates until the final determination of the proceedings; '

(b) if satisfied that the decision is not within the powers

of this Act, or that the interests of the person making the application have been substantially prejudiced by a failure to comply with any of the requirements mentioned in subsection (2)(h) of this section, may quash the decision.

(4) Where a decision to grant a licence or certificate is quashed under this section, any licence or certificate granted in pursuance of that decision shall be void, and any proceedings on the application for the grant of the licence or certificate may be continued as if no such decision had been made.

(5) In the application of this section to Scotland, any reference to the High Court shall be construed as a reference to the Court of Session.

(6) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland, any reference to the High Court shall be construed as a reference to a judge of the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland.

1796

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part vm Enforcement in England and Wales.

108.—(1) It shall be the duty of the appropriate Minister to enforce in England and Wales, or to secure the enforcement in England and Wales of, the provisions of this Act and any regulations and orders made under it.

(2) For the purpose of performing that duty in relation to—

(a) the provisions of any order made under paragraph (a) of

section 62(1) of this Act and of section , sections 64 and 65, subsections (3) to (5) of section 85, and sections 87(2), 88(3) and 89(2) of this Act, in the application of any of those provisions to the retail sale, offer or exposure for retail sale, or possession for the purpose of retail sale, of medicinal products and to the supply, offer or exposure for supply, or possession for the purpose of supply, of medicinal products in circumstances corresponding to retail sale;

(b) the provisions of subsections (2) and (3) of section 86

of this Act, in their application to the supply, or possession for the purpose of supply, of leaflets with medicinal products sold or to be sold by retail, or supplied or to be supplied in circumstances corresponding to retail sale; and

(c) the provisions of sections 93 and 94 of this Act and

any regulations made under section 95 of this Act,

the appropriate Minister shall, in respect of each area for which there is a food and drugs authority, make arrangements or give directions whereby the Pharmaceutical Society, or the food and drugs authority for that area, or both the Society and that authority, to such extent as, in the case of that Society or authority, the arrangements or directions may provide, shall have power concurrently with the appropriate Minister, or shall be under a duty concurrently with him, to enforce the provisions specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this subsection, in their application as mentioned in those paragraphs, and the provisions and regulations specified in paragraph (c) of this subsection.

(3) Any arrangements made with, or directions given to, the Pharmaceutical Society under subsection (2) of this section, in so far as they relate to the provisions and regulations specified in paragraph (c) of that subsection, shall be limited to the enforcement of those provisions and regulations in respect of—

(a) any advertisement issued or representation made on or

in any premises, ship, aircraft, vehicle, stall or place where medicinal products are sold by retail or are supplied in circumstances corresponding to retail sale, and

(b) any advertisement displayed on, or in close proximity

to, an automatic machine in which medicinal products are offered or exposed for sale.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1797

(4) Regulations made jointly by the Minister of Health and the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food may provide that any such body to which this subsection applies as may be specified in the regulations shall, to such extent as in the case of that body may be so specified, and either—

(a) in respect of England and Wales generally, or

(b) in respect of such area in England or Wales as may be

so specified,

have power concurrently with the appropriate Minister, or be under a duty concurrently with him, to enforce any regulations made under section 66 of this Act.

(5) Subsection (4) of this section applies to the following bodies, that is to say, the Pharmaceutical Society, any food and drugs authority, the council of any county district which is not a food and drugs authority, and the overseers of the Inner Temple and the Middle Temple.

(6) The Pharmaceutical Society shall be under a duty, concurrently with the appropriate Minister,—

(a) to enforce the provisions of sections 52 and 58 of

this Act in their application to England and Wales;

(b) to enforce the provisions of any regulations made under

section 60 or section 61 of this Act in their application to premises in England and Wales at which medicinal products are sold by retail or are supplied in circumstances corresponding to retail sale; and

(c) to enforce the provisions of sections 77 and 78 of this

Act, and of any regulations made under section 79(2) of this Act, in their application to England and Wales.

(7) Regulations made jointly by the Minister of Health and the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food may provide that, in respect of each area in England or Wales for which there is a food and drugs authority, the Pharmaceutical Society, or the food and drugs authority for that area, or both the Society and that authority, to such extent as, in the case of that Society or authority, the regulations may provide, shall have power concurrently with the appropriate Minister, or shall be under a duty concurrently with him, to enforce the provisions of sections 53 and 54 of this Act.

(8) The council of every county or county borough in England and Wales, the council of every London borough and the Common Council of the City of London shall be under a duty, concurrently with the appropriate Minister, to enforce in their area—

(a) any order made under paragraph (b) of section 62(1) of this Act, and

Part Vm

1798

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part vm

Enforcement in Scotland.

(b) the provisions of section 90 of this Act and any regulations made by virtue of that section.

(9) Notwithstanding anything in subsections (2) to (8) of this section, no duty or power conferred or imposed by or under any of those subsections shall be performed or be exercisable in relation to—

(a) any hospital, or -

(b) so much of any premises as is used by a practitioner for carrying on his practice, or

(c) so much of any premises (not falling within either of

the preceding paragraphs) as is used for veterinary medicine or veterinary surgery for the purposes of any institution.

(10) If the appropriate Minister is satisfied, after making such inquiry as he thinks fit, that the Pharmaceutical Society or any other body on whom a duty to enforce any provisions is imposed by or under subsections (4) to (8) of this section have in relation to any matter failed to perform that duty, and that the public interest requires that the provisions in question should be enforced in relation to it, he may determine that he will himself enforce those provisions in relation to that matter.

(11) In this section " the appropriate Minister "—

(a) in relation to the performance of any function under

this section (whether by making any arrangements or giving any direction or otherwise) where the function is or is to be performed exclusively in relation to veterinary drugs, or to section 90 of this Act or any regulations made by virtue of that section, means the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, and

(b) in all other respects, means the Minister of Health.

109.—(1) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to enforce in Scotland, or to secure the enforcement in Scotland of, the provisions of this Act and of any regulations and orders made under it.

(2) Subsections (2) and (3) and (6) to (10) of section 108 of this Act shall have effect in relation to Scotland as if—

(a) any reference to the appropriate Minister or to the Minister of Health and the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food acting jointly were a reference to the Secretary of State;

(b) any reference to England and Wales were a reference

to Scotland; and

Go - [e -

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1799

(c) references to a food and drugs authority or to any such council as is mentioned in section 108(8) of this Act, and to the area of any such authority or council, were references respectively to a local authority as defined by section 26(4) of the Food and Drugs (Scotland) Act 1956 and to the area of such an authority.

(3) Regulations made by the Secretary of State may provide that, to such extent as may be specified in the regulations—

(a) the Pharmaceutical Society, in respect of Scotland

generally, or in respect of such area in Scotland as may be so specified,

(b) a local authority within the meaning of section 26(4) of

the Food and Drugs (Scotland) Act 1956, in respect of their area,

shall have power concurrently with the Secretary of State, or be under a duty concurrently with him, to enforce any regulations made under section 66 of this Act.

(4) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising an enforcement authority to institute proceedings for any offence.

110.—(1) Subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of this section, it shall be the duty of the Minister of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland (in this section referred to as " the Minister ") to enforce in Northern Ireland, or to secure the enforcement in Northern Ireland of, the provisions of this Act and of any regulations and orders made under it.

(2) For the purpose of performing that duty in relation to the provisions specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection

(2) of section 108 of this Act in their application as mentioned in those paragraphs, and the provisions and regulations specified in paragraph (c) of that subsection, within the area of any health authority, the Minister may make arrangements or give directions whereby the health authority, to such extent as the arrangements or directions may provide, shall have power concurrently with the Minister, or shall be under a duty concurrently with him, to enforce the provisions specified in the said paragraphs (a) and (b) in their application as so mentioned and the provisions and regulations specified in the said paragraph (c).

(3) For the purpose of performing that duty in relation to the provisions of sections 53 and 54 of this Act and any regulations made under section 66 of this Act within the area of any health authority, the Minister may make arrangements or give directions whereby the health authority, to such extent as the arrangements or directions may provide, shall have power concurrently with the Minister, or shall be under a duty concurrently with him, to enforce those provisions and regulations.

Part VIII

1956 c. 30.

Enforcement in Northern Ireland.

1800

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part Vm

1946 c. 19 (N.I.).

Rights of entry.

(4) In relation to veterinary drugs and animal feeding stuffs in which medicinal products have been incorporated or in which any substance or article has been incorporated for a medicinal purpose, arrangements may be made between the Minister and the Minister of Agriculture for Northern Ireland, and by them varied or revoked, and fresh arrangements made by them, for the performance by the Minister of Agriculture for Northern Ireland of any function conferred or imposed by this section on the Minister; and where any such arrangements are for the time being in force this section shall have effect as if it conferred or imposed the function in question on the Minister of Agriculture for Northern Ireland.

(5) Subsections (9) and (10) of section 108 of this Act shall have effect in relation to Northern Ireland as if—

(a) in the said subsection (9) the reference to subsections

(2) to (8) of that section were a reference to subsections (2) and (3) of this section; and

(b) in the said subsection (10) any reference to the appro-

priate Minister were a reference to the Minister within the meaning of this section, and for the words " the Pharmaceutical Society or any other body " there were substituted the words "any health authority" and the reference to subsections (4) to (8) of that section were a reference to subsection (3) of this section.

(6) Functions conferred by or under this section on health authorities shall be deemed to have been conferred on them by the Public Health and Local Government (Administrative Provisions) Act (Northern Ireland) 1946, and the provisions of that Act shall have effect accordingly.

(7) Any expenses incurred by a health authority in consequence of this Act shall be defrayed as if those expenses had been incurred for the purposes of the Public Health and Local Government (Administrative Provisions) Act (Northern Ireland) 1946, and section 25 of that Act shall have effect accordingly.

(8) In this section "health authority" means a health authority constituted under the Public Health and Local Government (Administrative Provisions) Act (Northern Ireland) 1946.

111.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, any person duly authorised in writing by an enforcement authority shall, on production, if required, of his credentials, have a right at any reasonable time to enter any premises—

(a) for the purpose of ascertaining whether there is or has been, on or in connection with those premises, any contravention of any provisions of this Act or of any regulations or order made under this Act which, by or under any provisions of sections 108 to 110 of this

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1801

Act, that authority is required or empowered to enforce, or

(6) generally for the purposes of the performance by the authority of their functions under this Act or under any such regulations or order.

(2) Any person duly authorised in writing by an enforcement authority shall, on production, if required, of his credentials, have a right at any reasonable time—

(a) to enter any ship, aircraft or hover vehicle for the purpose of ascertaining whether there is in the ship, aircraft or vehicle any substance or article imported in contravention of any provisions of this Act or of any regulations or order made under this Act which, by or under any provisions of sections 108 to 110 of this Act, that authority is required or empowered to enforce;

(b) to enter any vehicle other than a hover vehicle, any stall or place other than premises, or any home-going ship, for any purpose for which under subsection (1) of this section the person so authorised would have a right to enter any premises.

(3) Without prejudice to subsection (1) of this section, any person duly authorised in writing by the licensing authority shall, on production, if required, of his credentials, have a right at any reasonable time to enter any premises occupied by an applicant for a licence or certificate under Part II of this Act for the purpose of verifying any statement contained in the application for the licence or certificate.

(4) Admission to any premises used only as a private dwelling-house shall not be demanded as of right by virtue of the preceding provisions of this section unless twenty-four hours* notice of the intended entry has been given to the occupier.

(5) If a justice of the peace, on sworn information in writing, is satisfied that there are reasonable grounds for entering any premises for any purpose for which a person authorised by an enforcement authority has a right to enter them in accordance with the preceding provisions of this section, and is also satisfied—

(a) that admission to the premises has been refused, or

that a refusal is apprehended, and (in either case) that notice of the intention to apply for a warrant has been given to the occupier, or

(b) that an application for admission, or the giving of such

a notice, would defeat the object of the entry, or

(c) that the case is one of urgency, or

Part Vm

1802

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part vm (d) that the premises are unoccupied or the occupier is temporarily absent,

the justice may by warrant under his hand authorise the enforce-ment authority, or any person duly authorised by them, to enter the premises, if need be by force.

(6) The last preceding subsection shall have effect in relation to entering any ship, aircraft, vehicle, stall or place which may be entered under subsection (2) of this section as it has effect in relation to entering any premises, as if in the last preceding subsection any reference to the occupier were a reference to the master, commander or other person in charge of the ship, aircraft, vehicle, stall or place.

(7) Any warrant granted under this section shall continue in force for a period of one month.

(8) In this section "home-going ship* means a ship plying exclusively in inland waters or engaged exclusively in coastal voyages; and for the purposes of this subsection "inland waters * means any canal, river, lake, loch, navigation or estuary and " coastal voyage * means a voyage which starts and ends in the United Kingdom and does not involve calling at any place outside the United Kingdom.

(9) In the application of this section to Scotland, references to a justice of the peace include references to the sheriff and a magistrate.

Power to 112.—(1) For the purpose of ascertaining whether there is or

inspect, take has been a contravention of this Act or of any regulations or

eScS and orc*er made thereunder which, by or under any provisions of documents. sections 108 to 110 of this Act an enforcement authority is required or empowered to enforce, any person duly authorised in writing by that authority shall have a right to inspect—

(a) any substance or article appearing to him to be a

medicinal product;

(b) any article appearing to him to be a container or pack-

age used or intended to be used to contain any medicinal product or to be a label or leaflet used or intended to be used in connection with a medicinal product; or

(c) any plant or equipment appearing to him to be used or

intended to be used in connection with the manufacture or assembly of medicinal products, and any process of manufacture or assembly of any medicinal products and the means employed, at any stage in the processes of manufacture or assembly, for testing the materials after they have been subjected to those processes.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1803

(2) Where for the purpose specified in the preceding subsection Part vm a person authorised as mentioned in that subsection requires a

sample of any substance or article appearing to him to be—

(a) a medicinal product sold or supplied or intended to be sold or supplied, or

(b) a substance or article used or intended to be used in the manufacture of a medicinal product,

he shall (if he does not obtain the sample by purchase) have a right to take a sample of that substance or article.

(3) For the purpose specified in subsection (1) of this section, any person authorised as mentioned in that subsection shall have a right—

(a) to require any person carrying on a business which

consists of or includes the manufacture, assembly, sale or supply of medicinal products, and any person employed in connection with such a business, to produce any books or documents relating to the business which are in his possession or under his control;

(b) to take copies of, or of any entry in, any book or docu-

ment produced in pursuance of the preceding paragraph.

(4) Any person so authorised shall have a right to seize and detain any substance or article which he has reasonable cause to believe to be a substance or article in relation to which, or by means of which, an offence under this Act is being or has been committed, and any document which he has reasonable cause to believe to be a document which may be required as evidence in proceedings under this Act.

(5) For the purpose of exercising any such right as is specified in subsection (4) of this section the person having that right may, so far as is reasonably necessary in order to secure that the provisions of this Act and any regulations or order made thereunder are duly observed, require any person having authority to do so to break open any container or package or open any vending machine, or to permit him to do so.

(6) Where a person seizes any substance or article (including any document) in the exercise of such a right as is specified in subsection (4) of this section, he shall inform the person from whom it is seized, and, in the case of anything seized from a vending machine, the person whose name and address are stated on the machine as being those of the owner of the machine, or, if no name and address are so stated, the occupier of the premises on which the machine stands or to which it is affixed.

1804

Part VIII

Application of sampling procedure to substance or article seized under s. 112.

Ch. 67 Medicines Act 1968

(7) Without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this section, any person duly authorised in writing by the licensing authority shall have the rights conferred by those provisions in relation to things belonging to, or any business carried on by, an applicant for a licence or certificate under Part II of this Act, and may exercise those rights for the purpose of verifying any statement contained in the application for the licence or certificate; and, where by virtue of this subsection a person exercises any such right as is specified in subsection (4) of this section, he shall be subject to the duty imposed by subsection (6) of this section.

(8) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, where a person claiming to exercise a right by virtue of this section is required to produce his credentials, the right shall not be exercisable by him except on production of those credentials.

(9) The provisions of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect with respect to samples obtained on behalf of enforcement authorities for the purposes of this Act

113.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where a person (in this section referred to as an " authorised officer ") seizes a substance or article (other than a document) in the exercise of such a right as is specified in subsection (4) of section 112 of this Act (including that subsection as applied by subsection (7) of that section).

(2) If any person who in accordance with subsection (6) of that section is entitled to be informed of the seizure so requests, either at the time of the seizure or at any subsequent time, not being later than twenty-one days after he is informed of the seizure, then, subject to the next following subsection, the authorised officer shall either—

(a) set aside a sample of the substance or article seized, or

(b) treat that substance or article as a sample,

whichever he considers more appropriate having regard to the nature of that substance or article.

(3) An authorised officer shall not be required by virtue of subsection (2) of this section to set aside a sample, or to treat a substance or article as a sample, if the nature of the substance or article is such that it is not reasonably practicable to do either of those things.

(4) Where in accordance with subsection (2) of this section an authorised officer sets aside a sample, or treats a substance or article as a sample, he shall divide it into three parts, each part to be marked and sealed or fastened up in such manner as its

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1805

nature will permit, and shall supply one part of it to the person Part vm who made the request under subsection (2) of this section.

(5) Paragraphs 10, 11 and 12 and paragraphs 15 to 27 of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect in relation to a sample set aside, or a substance or article treated as a sample, in accordance with subsection (2) of this section as they have effect in relation to a sample obtained as mentioned in paragraph 1 of that Schedule, but as if in those paragraphs—

(a) any reference to a sampling officer were a reference to an authorised officer;

(b) any reference to a sample included a reference to a substance or article treated as a sample;

(c) any reference to the preceding provisions of that Schedule were a reference to the preceding provisions of this section; and

(d) any reference to the relevant enforcement authority were a reference to the authority by whom the authorised officer is authorised for the purposes of section 112 of this Act,

and as if in paragraph 24(1) of that Schedule the reference to a substance or article obtained as mentioned in paragraph 1 of that Schedule were a reference to a substance or article of which a sample has been set aside, or which has been treated as a sample, in accordance with subsection (2) of this section.

114.—(1) Any person entering any property (that is to say. Supplementary any premises, ship, aircraft, vehicle, stall or place) by virtue of section 111 of this Act (whether in pursuance of a warrant orcntryand° not) may take with him such other persons and such equipment related rights, as may appear to him to be necessary; and on leaving any such property which he has entered in pursuance of a warrant under that section he shall, if the property is unoccupied or the occupier (or, in the case of a ship, aircraft, vehicle, stall or place, the master, commander or other person in charge of it) is temporarily absent, leave it as effectively secured against trespass as he found it.

(2) Any person who—

(a) wilfully obstructs a person acting in pursuance of this

Act and duly authorised so to act by an enforcement authority, or

(b) wilfully fails to comply with any requirement properly

made to him by a person so acting under section 112 of this Act, or

(c) without reasonable cause fails to give to a person so

acting any other assistance or information which that

1806

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part vm

Analysis of samples in other cases.

person may reasonably require of him for the purpose of the performance of his functions under this Act.

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.

(3) If any person, in giving any such information as is mentioned in subsection (2)(c) of this section, makes any statement which he knows to be false, he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprison-

ment for a term not exceeding two years or to both.

(4) Nothing in this section shall be construed as requiring a person to answer any question or give any information if to do so might incriminate that person or (where that person is married) the husband or wife of that person.

115.—(1) A person who, not being a person authorised in that behalf by an enforcement authority, has purchased a medicinal product may submit a sample of it for analysis to the public analyst for the area in which die product was purchased, or, if for the time being there is no public analyst for that area, then to the public analyst for some other area.

(2) Paragraphs 2 to 13 of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect in relation to a person proposing to submit a sample in pursuance of the preceding subsection, as if in those paragraphs any reference to the sampling officer were a reference to that person.

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a public analyst to whom a sample is submitted under subsection (1) of this section shall as soon as practicable analyse the sample or cause it to be analysed by some other person under his direction.

(4) If the public analyst to whom a sample is submitted under subsection (1) of this section determines that for any reason an effective analysis of the sample cannot be performed by him or under his direction, he shall send it to the public analyst for some other area, and (subject to the next following subsection) that other public analyst shall as soon as practicable analyse die sample or cause it to be analysed by some other person under his direction.

(5) A public analyst to whom a sample is submitted or sent under this section may demand payment in advance of the prescribed fee, and, if he demands such payment, he shall not be required to analyse the sample or cause it to be analysed until the fee has been paid.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1807

(6) A public analyst who has analysed a sample or caused a sample to be analysed under this section shall issue a certificate specifying the result of the analysis to the person by whom the sample was originally submitted.

(7) Any certificate issued under subsection (6) of this section shall be in a form prescribed by the Ministers and shall be signed by the public analyst who issues the certificate.

(8) Paragraphs 21 to 23 of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect in relation to a certificate issued under subsection (6) of this section as they have effect in relation to a certificate issued under paragraph 19 of that Schedule.

(9) Any regulations prescribing a fee for the purposes of this section shall be made by the Ministers.

(10) In this section " public analyst " has the meaning assigned to it by paragraph 1(2) of Schedule 3 to this Act.

116.—(1) For the purposes of section 44 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 (forfeiture of goods improperly imported) any imported goods shall be deemed to be imported contrary to a restriction for the time being in force with respect to them under this Act if—

(a) they are goods falling within a class specified in an

order made by the Ministers for the purposes of this subsection, and

(b) they are imported in such circumstances as are specified

in that order.

(2) For the purposes of section 56 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 (offences in relation to exportation of prohibited or restricted goods) any goods shall be deemed to be exported contrary to a restriction for the time being in force with respect to them under this Act if—

(a) they are goods falling within a class specified in an

order made by the Ministers for the purposes of this subsection, and

(b) they are exported in such circumstances as are specified

in that order.

(3) Any class of goods specified in an order under subsection

(1) or subsection (2) of this section shall be so specified as to consist exclusively of goods appearing to the Ministers to be goods which are, or normally are, medicinal products or are, or normally are, animal feeding stuffs in which medicinal products have been incorporated.

3 M

Part VIII

Liability to forfeiture under Customs and Excise Act 1952.

1952 c. 44.

1808

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part Via

Special enforcement and sampling provisions relating to animal

feeding stuffs.

117.—(1) For the purposes of the application of the provisions of sections 112, 113 and 115 of this Act in relation to animal feeding stuffs, regulations made by the Agriculture Ministers may provide that any of those provisions specified in the regulations shall have effect subject to such modifications as may be so specified.

(2) Regulations made by the Agriculture Ministers—

(a) may make provision as to the manner in which samples

may be taken by virtue of the provisions of section 112 of this Act as modified by any regulations made under the preceding subsection, as to the manner in which samples may be set aside, or substances or articles may be treated as samples, by virtue of the provisions of section 113 of this Act as so modified, or as to the manner in which samples may be submitted for analysis by virtue of the provisions of section 115 of this Act as so modified, and

(b) in relation to samples so taken, set aside or submitted

for analysis, or substances or articles so treated as samples, may make provision (either in substitution for, or by way of modification of or addition to, any of the provisions of Schedule 3 to this Act) as to the manner in which such samples, substances and articles are to be dealt with.

(3) For the purposes of proceedings for such offences under this Act relating to animal feeding stuffs as may be prescribed by regulations made under subsection (2) of this section, the regulations may—

(a) prescribe a method of analysis to be used in analysing samples of animal feeding stuffs in order to determine what quantity or proportion (if any) of a substance or article of a description or class specified in the regulations has been incorporated in them, and (b) provide that, on production in the proceedings of such evidence as may be so prescribed of the results of an analysis of a sample performed by the method so prescribed, evidence of the results of any analysis of any part of the sample performed by any other method shall not be admissible in those proceedings.

(4) In relation to the incorporation in animal feeding stuffs of substances or articles of any description or class specified in an order made under this subsection by the Agriculture Ministers, so much of any licence granted or animal test certificate issued under Part II of this Act as imposes any restriction or requirement by reference to the quantity to be incorporated, or the proportion in which any substance or article may be incorporated, in any animal feeding stuff shall not be taken to

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1809

be contravened in any particular case if the discrepancy does Part VIII

not exceed such limit as may be specified by the order in relation to substances or articles of that description or class.

(5) Where a label or mark on a container or package containing any animal feeding stuff, or a leaflet supplied or to be supplied with any animal feeding stuff, specifies a quantity or proportion of a medicinal product of a particular description as being incorporated in the animal feeding stuff, section 90(2) of this Act shall not be taken to be contravened by reason only that the quantity or proportion actually incorporated in the animal feeding stuff is greater or less than that so specified, if the discrepancy does not exceed such limit as the Agriculture Ministers may by order specify in relation to medicinal products of that description, or in relation to a class of medicinal products which includes medicinal products of that description.

(6) In section 114(2)(6) of this Act the reference to section 112 of this Act shall be construed as including a reference to the provisions of that section as modified by any regulations made under this section.

(7) The powers conferred by subsection (2) of this section shall be exercisable in addition to any power exercisable by virtue of paragraph 27 of Schedule 3 to this Act.

118. —(1) If any person discloses to any other person— Restrictions

(a) any information with respect to any manufacturing °n disclosure

process or trade secret obtained by him in premisesot lnlorma lon* which he has entered by virtue of section 111 of this,

Act, or

(b) any information obtained by or furnished to him in

pursuance of this Act,

he shall, unless the disclosure was made in the performance of his duty, be guilty of an offence.

(2) Any person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to both.

119. —(1) An officer of an enforcement authority shall not be Protection for personally liable in respect of any act done by him in the execu- officers of don or purported execution of this Act and within the scope of

his employment if he did it in the honest belief that his duty under this Act required or entitled him to do it

(2) Where an action has been brought against an officer of an enforcement authority in respect of an act done by him in

3 M 2

1810

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part vm

Compensation for loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments.

1955 c. 16

(4 & 5 Eliz. 2).

1956 c. 30.

1958 c. 27 (N.I.).

the execution or purported execution of this Act, and the circumstances are such that he is not legally entitled to require the enforcement authority to indemnify him, the authority may nevertheless indemnify him against the whole or part of the damages and costs or expenses which he may have been ordered to pay or may have incurred, if they are satisfied that he hone&ly believed that his duty under this Act required or entitled him to do it.

(3) In this section any reference to an officer of an enforcement authority shall be construed as including a reference to any person who, not being an officer of the authority, is authorised to act in pursuance of this Act by such an authority; and in relation to any such person any reference in this section to the scope of his employment shall be construed as a reference to the scope of the authorisation under which he acts.

120.—(1) The appropriate Minister or Ministers may by regulations make provision requiring die payment by such persons as may be prescribed by or determined under the regulations, subject to such exceptions or conditions as may be so prescribed, of compensation to or in respect of persons who are, or but for any national service of theirs would be, the holders of any such situation, place or employment as may be so prescribed and who suffer loss of employment, or loss or diminution of emoluments, which is attributable to—

(a) the cessation or diminution of any work in consequence

of the provisions of Part VII of this Act, or

(b) the repeal by this Act of any provision contained in

the Food and Drugs Act 1955, the Food and Drugs (Scotland) Act 1956 or the Food and Drugs Act (Northern Ireland) 1958.

(2) Regulations made under this section may include provision as to the manner in which and the person to whom any claim for compensation under the regulations is to be made and for the determination of all questions arising under the regulations.

(3) Any regulations made under this section may be so framed as to have effect from a date earlier than the date on which they are made; but no regulations so framed shall place any person (other than the person required to pay the compensation) in a worse position than he would have been in if the regulations had been so framed as to have effect only as from the date on which they are made.

(4) In this section " the appropriate Minister or Ministers " means any of the following Ministers, that is to say, the Minister of Health, the Secretary of State and the Minister of Health

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1811

and Social Services for Northern Ireland, or all or any two Part VIII of those Ministers acting jointly, and "national service" means any such service in any of Her Majesty’s forces or other employment (whether in the service of Her Majesty or not) as may be prescribed by regulations under this section.

121. —(1) Where a contravention by any person of any pro- Contravention vision to which this section applies constitutes an offence under due to default this Act, and is due to an act or default of another person, then,

whether proceedings are taken against the first-mentioned person or not, that other person may be charged with and convicted of that offence, and shall be liable on conviction to the same punishment as might have been imposed on the first-mentioned person if he had been convicted of the offence.

(2) Where a person who is charged with an offence under this Act in respect of a contravention of a provision to which this section applies proves to the satisfaction of the court—

(a) that he exercised all due diligence to secure that the provision in question would not be contravened, and

(b) that the contravention was due to the act or default of another person,

the first-mentioned person shall, subject to the next following subsection, be acquitted of the offence.

(3) A person shall not, without the leave of the court, be entitled to rely on the defence provided by subsection (2) of this section unless, not later than seven clear days before the date of the hearing, he has served on the prosecutor a notice in writing giving such information identifying, or assisting in the identification of, the other person in question as was then in his possession.

(4) This section applies to the following provisions, that is to say, sections 63 to 65, 85 to 90, and 93 to 96, and the provisions of any regulations made under any of those sections.

122. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, warranty as in any proceedings for an offence under this Act in respect of a defence, contravention of a provision to which this section applies, it

shall be a defence for the defendant to prove—

(a) that he purchased the substance or article to which the contravention relates in the United Kingdom as being a substance or article which could be lawfully sold, supplied, or offered or exposed for sale, or could be lawfully sold, supplied, or offered or exposed for sale under the name or description or for the purpose under or for which he sold, supplied or offered or exposed it for sale, and with a written warranty to that effect;

3 M 3

1812

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part VUI

Offences in relation to warranties and certificates of analysis.

(b) that at the time of the commission of the alleged offence he had no reason to believe that it was otherwise; and

(c) that the substance or article was then in the same state

as when he purchased it.

(2) This section applies to the following provisions, that is to say, section 63(b), sections 64 and 65, sections 85 to 88 and section 90 and the provisions of any regulations made under any of those sections.

(3) A warranty shall not be a defence by virtue of this section unless the defendant has, not later than three clear days before the date of the hearing, sent to the prosecutor a copy of the warranty with a notice stating that he intends to rely on it and specifying the name and address of the person from whom he received it, and has also sent a like notice to that person.

(4) Where the defendant is a servant of the person who purchased the substance or article under the warranty, he shall be entitled to rely on the provisions of this section in the same way as his employer would have been entitled to do if he had been the defendant.

(5) The person by whom the warranty is alleged to have been given shall be entitled to appear at the hearing and to give evidence, and the court may, if it thinks fit, adjourn the hearing to enable him to do so.

(6) For the purposes of this section a name or description entered in an invoice shall be deemed to be a written warranty that the article or substance to which the name or description applies can be sold, supplied, or offered or exposed for sale under that name or description by any person without contravening any provision to which this section applies.

(7) In the application of this and the next following section to Scotland, any reference to the defendant shall be construed as a reference to the accused.

123.—(1) If a defendant in any such proceedings as are mentioned in section 122(1) of this Act wilfully applies to any substance or article—

(a) a warranty given in relation to a different substance or

article, or

(b) a certificate issued under section 115 of this Act, or

under paragraph 19 of Schedule 3 to this Act, which relates to a sample of a different substance or article,

he shall be guilty of an offence.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1813

(2) A person who, in respect of any substance or article sold Part VIII by him in respect of which a warranty might be pleaded under

section 122 of this Act, gives to the purchaser a false warranty in writing shall be guilty of an offence, unless he proves that when he gave the warranty he had reason to believe that the statement or description contained in it was accurate.

(3) Where the defendant in any such proceedings as are mentioned in section 122(1) of this Act relies successfully on a warranty given to him or to his employer, any proceedings for an offence under subsection (2) of tikis section in respect of the warranty may, at the option of the prosecutor, be taken either before a court having jurisdiction in the place where a sample of the substance or article to which the warranty relates was procured, or before a court having jurisdiction in the place where the warranty was given.

(4) Any person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine or to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding two years or to both.

124.—(1) Where an offence under this Act which is com- offences by mitted by a body corporate is proved to have been committed bodies with the consent and connivance of, or to be attributable to corporate, any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body corporate shall be guiKy of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

(2) In relation to a body corporate carrying on a retail pharmacy business as mentioned in subsection (1) of section 71 of this Act, the preceding subsection shall have effect in relation to a person who (not being such an officer of the body corporate as is mentioned in the preceding subsection)—

(a) is the superintendent referred to in subsection (1) of that

section, or

(b) at any premises where the business is carried on, is the

pharmacist referred to in subsection (l)(a) of that section who acts under the directions of the superintendent,

as if he were such an officer of the body corporate as is mentioned in the preceding subsection.

(3) In this section " director ", in relation to a body corporate established by or under any enactment for the purpose of carrying on under national ownership any industry or part of an industry or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed by its members, means a member of that body corporate.

3M4

1814

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part vm Prosecutions. 1952 c. 55.

1954 c. 48.

1964 c. 21 (N.I.).

125.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in section 104 of the Magistrates* Courts Act 1952, a magistrates* court in England or Wales may try an information for an offence under this Act if the information was laid at any time within twelve months from the commission of the offence.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in section 23 of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act 1954 (limitation of time for proceedings in statutory offences) summary proceedings in Scotland for an offence under this Act may be commenced at any time within twelve months from the time when the offence was committed, and subsection (2) of the said section 23 shall apply for the purposes of this subsection as it applies for the purposes of that section.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in section 34 of the Magistrates* Courts Act (Northern Ireland) 1964, a magistrates* court in Northern Ireland may hear and determine a complaint for an offence under this Act if the complaint was made at any time within twelve months from the commission of the offence.

(4) Neither the Pharmaceutical Society nor any other body referred to in subsection (2) or subsection (8) of section 108 of this Act shall institute proceedings for an offence under this Act in respect of a contravention of a provision which, by virtue of either of those subsections, that Society or body have a power or duty to enforce, unless they have given to the appropriate Minister not less than twenty-eight days’ notice of their intention to institute proceedings, together with a summary of the facts upon which the charges are founded.

(5) For the purposes of subsection (4) of this section the appropriate Minister, in relation to a contravention of any provision, is the Minister who in accordance with section 108 of this Act has a concurrent duty to enforce that provision.

(6) A health authority (as defined by section 110 of this Act) shall not prosecute for an offence under this Act in respect of a contravention of any provision which, by virtue of subsection

(2) of that section, the authority have a power or duty to enforce, unless the authority have given to the Minister of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland not less than twenty-eight days* notice of their intention to begin the prosecution, together with a summary of the facts upon which the charges are founded.

(7) A certificate of the Minister who is the appropriate Minister for the purposes of subsection (4) of this section that the requirements of that subsection have been complied with in relation to any proceedings, and a certificate of the Minister of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland that die requirements of subsection (6) of this section have been complied

Medicines Act 1968

Ch 67

1815

with in relation to any prosecution, shall be conclusive evidence Part vm that those requirements have been so complied with; and any document purporting to be such a certificate and to be signed by or on behalf of that Minister shall be presumed to be such a certificate unless the contrary is proved.

126.—(1) For the purposes of any proceedings under this Act Presumptions for an offence consisting of—

(a) offering any animal feeding stuff for sale in contraven-

tion of section 40(1) of this Act, or

(b) offering a medicinal product for sale by retail in contra-

vention of section 52 or section 53 of this Act, or

(c) offering a medicinal product for sale in contravention

of section 63(h) of this Act,

where it is proved that the animal feeding stuff or medicinal product in question was found on a vehicle from which animal feeding stuffs or medicinal products are sold, it shall be presumed, unless the contrary is proved, that the person in charge of the vehicle offered that animal feeding stuff or medicinal product for sale and, in a case falling within paragraph (b) of this subsection, that he offered it for sale by retail.

(2) For the purposes of any proceedings under this Act for an offence consisting of a contravention of so much of any provision to which this subsection applies as relates to a person’s having any medicinal product or animal feeding stuff in his possession for the purpose of sale or supply, where it is proved that the medicinal product or animal feeding stuff in question was found on premises at which the person charged with the offence carries on a business consisting of or including the sale or supply of medicinal products or of animal feeding stuffs in which medicinal products have been incorporated, it shall be presumed, unless the contrary is proved, that he had that medicinal product or animal feeding stuff in his possession for the purpose of sale or supply.

(3) Subsection (2) of this section applies to the following provisions of this Act, that is to say, section 63(h), subsections

(3) and (5) of section 85, subsection (2) of section 87 and subsection (3) of section 88, to any of those provisions as applied by subsection (1) of section 90, and to subsection (2) of section 90 except in so far as it relates to leaflets.

(4) For the purposes of any proceedings under this Act for an offence consisting of a contravention of subsection (2) or subsection (3) of section 86 of this Act, or of so much of subsection (2) of section 90 of this Act as relates to leaflets, where it is proved that the leaflet in question was found on premises at which the person charged with the offence carries

3 M*

1816

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part VIII

Service of documents.

Financial

provisions.

on a business consisting of or including the sale or supply of medicinal products or of animal feeding stuffs in which medicinal products have been incorporated, it shall be presumed, unless the contrary is proved, that he had the leaflet in his possession—

(a) where the offence charged relates to section 86 of this

Act, for the purpose of supplying it with a medicinal product, or

(b) where the offence charged relates to section 90 of this

Act, for the purpose of supplying it with animal feeding stuff in which a medicinal product has been incorporated.

127. Any notice or other document required or authorised by any provision of this Act to be served on any person, or to be given or sent to any person, may be served, given or sent—

(a) by delivering it to him; or

(b) by sending it by post to him at his usual or last-known

residence or place of business in the United Kingdom; or

(c) in the case of a body corporate, by delivering it to the

secretary or clerk of the body corporate at its registered or principal office or sending it by post to the secretary or clerk of that body corporate at that office.

128. —(1) Any expenses incurred in consequence of this Act by any of the Ministers specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of section 1(1) of this Act, other than expenses so incurred exclusively in respect of executing this Act in Northern Ireland, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(2) There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in—

(a) the sums payable out of moneys so provided in respect

of rate support grants to local authorities in England and Wales which may arise from the inclusion, in the expenditure relevant to the fixing of the aggregate amount of those grants, of expenditure under this Act, or

(b) the sums payable out of moneys so provided under any enactment relating to local government in Scotland.

(3) In respect of the exercise of any power conferred on the licensing authority by Part II of this Act, where the power is exercised on the application of any person, there shall be charged a fee in accordance with such provisions as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Ministers with the consent of the Treasury.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1817

(4) Where the Pharmaceutical Society or any other body enforces any provision of this Act or of any regulations or order made thereunder in the performance of a duty imposed, or the exercise of a power conferred, under section 108(2) or section 110(2) of this Act, the Minister who has a concurrent duty to enforce that provision shall pay to the Society or other body such charges as they may reasonably require to be paid in respect of expenses incurred by them in the enforcement of that provision.

(5) Where under subsection (10) of section 108 of this Act (or under that subsection as modified in relation to Northern Ireland by section 110(5) of this Act) a Minister makes a determination in respect of the enforcement of any provision in relation to a particular matter, he shall be entitled to recover from die Pharmaceutical Society or other body who were under a duty to enforce that provision in relation to that matter any expenses reasonably incurred by that Minister in taking steps to enforce that provision in relation to that matter.

(6) Any fees and other sums received by virtue of this Act by any of the Ministers specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of section 1(1) of this Act, other than Ministers in the Government of Northern Ireland, shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(7) Such sums paid out of the Exchequer of the United Kingdom in connection with the execution of this Act as may be determined by the Joint Exchequer Board to be properly payable by the Government of Northern Ireland shall be made good by means of deductions from the Northern Ireland residuary share of reserved taxes.

129,—(1) The Ministers may make regulations for any purpose for which regulations are authorised or required to be made under this Act, other than any purpose for which any provision of this Act authorises or requires regulations to be made otherwise than by the Ministers.

(2) Any power to make orders or regulations under this Act (other than any order made by a court or judge or any order or regulations made in relation to Northern Ireland under paragraph 1, paragraph 5 or paragraph 6 of Schedule 4 to this Act or any regulations made solely by the Minister of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland under section 120 of this Act) shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(3) Any statutory instrument consisting of—

(a) an order made under any of the following provisions of this Act, that is to say, sections 13, 15(1), 35(2)(6), 49, 54(2), 55(2), 56, 57(1), 58, 62, 79, 106, 116, 117 and 130 (5)(c) and paragraph 27 of Schedule 3, or

3 M* 2

Part vm

Orders and regulations.

1818

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part vm (6) an order made under section 105 of this Act otherwise than as mentioned in subsection (3) of that section, or

(c) any regulations made under any provision, other than section 79, of this Act, shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

(4) Any power to make an order under any provision, other than sections 16(1), 17, 25(1), 37(3), 52 and 69(3), of this Act shall include power to revoke or vary the order by a subsequent order made under that provision.

(5) Any power to make regulations under this Act may be exercised so as to make different provision for different areas or in relation to different cases or different circumstances to which the power is applicable, and to make any such provision subject to such exceptions, limitaitions and conditions (if any) as the authority making the regulations considers necessary or expedient

(6) Before making any regulations under this Act and before making any order under this Act (except an order made in accordance with any provision of this Act under which, in case of urgency, an order can be made with immediate effect) the Ministers proposing to make the regulations or order shall consult such organisations as appear to them to be representative of interests likely to be substantially affected by the regulations or order.

(7) Without prejudice to subsection (6) of this section, where any Ministers propose to make any regulations or order under Part III, Part V or Part VI of this Act, or under section 104 or section 105 of this Act, and they consult a committee established under section 4 of this Act, or the Commission, with respect to that proposal, they shall take the advice of the committee or of the Commission into account before proceeding with those proposals.

Meaning of 130.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section,

" medicinal in this Act " medicinal product " means any substance or article and related *not an instrument, apparatus or appliance) which is

expressions. manufactured, sold, supplied, imported or exported for use wholly or mainly in either or both of the following ways, that is to say—

(a) use by being administered to one or more human beings

or animals for a medicinal purpose;

(b) use, in circumstances to which this paragraph applies, as

an ingredient in the preparation of a substance or article which is to be administered to one or more human beings or animals for a medicinal purpose.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1819

(2) In this Act "a medicinal purpose" means any one or more of the following purposes, that is to say—

(a) treating or preventing disease;

(b) diagnosing disease or ascertaining the existence, degree or extent of a physiological condition;

(c) contraception;

(d) inducing anaesthesia;

(e) otherwise preventing or interfering with the normal operation of a physiological function, whether permanently or temporarily, and whether by way of terminating, reducing or postponing, or increasing or accelerating, the operation of that function or in any other way.

(3) In paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section the reference to use in circumstances to which that paragraph applies is a reference to any one or more of the following, that is to say—

(a) use in a pharmacy or in a hospital;

(b) use by a practitioner;

(c) use in the course of a business which consists of or

includes the retail sale, or the supply in circumstances corresponding to retail sale, of herbal remedies.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of this section, in this Act " medicinal product " does not include any substance or article which is manufactured for use wholly or mainly by being administered to one or more human beings or animals, where it is to be administered to them—

(a) in the course of the business of the person who has

manufactured it (in this subsection referred to as " the manufacturer"), or on behalf of the manufacturer in the course of the business of a laboratory or research establishment carried on by another person, and

(b) solely by way of a test for ascertaining what effects it has when so administered, and

(c) in circumstances where the manufacturer has no know-

ledge of any evidence that those effects are likely to be beneficial to those human beings, or beneficial to, or otherwise advantageous in relation to, those animals, as the case may be,

and which (having been so manufactured) is not sold, supplied or exported for use wholly or mainly in any way not fulfilling all the conditions specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of this subsection.

3 M* 3

Part vm

1820

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part VIII

(5) In this Act " medicinal product " shall also be taken not to include—

(a) substances used in dental surgery for filling dental

cavities;

(b) bandages and other surgical dressings, except medicated

dressings where the medication has a curative function which is not limited to sterilising the dressing;

(c) substances and articles of such other descriptions or

classes as may be specified by an order made by the Ministers, the Health Ministers or the Agriculture Ministers for the purposes of this subsection.

(6) Where in accordance with the preceding provisions of this section a substance or article is a medicinal product immediately after it has been manufactured, imported or exported as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, or immediately after the first occasion on which it has been sold or supplied as mentioned in that subsection, then (subject to the next following subsection) it shall not cease to be a medicinal product for the purposes of this Act by reason only that, at any subsequent time, it is sold, supplied, imported or exported for use wholly or mainly in a way other than those specified in subsection (1) of this section.

(7) Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this section, substances manufactured, sold, supplied, imported or exported as animal feeding stuffs in which medicinal products have been incorporated shall not by reason of the incorporation of the medicinal products be taken to be medicinal products for the purposes of this Act.

(8) For the purposes of this Act medicinal products are of the same description if (but only if)—

(a) they are manufactured to the same specification, and

(b) they are, or are to be, sold, supplied, imported or exported in the same pharmaceutical form,

and in this Act " description ", in relation to medicinal products, shall be construed accordingly.

(9) In this Act "administer" means administer to a human being or an animal, whether orally, by injection or by introduction into the body in any other way, or by external application, whether by direct contact with the body or not; and any reference in this Act to administering a substance or article is a reference to administering it either in its existing state or after it has been dissolved or dispersed in, or diluted or mixed with, some other substance used as a vehicle.

(10) For the purposes of this Act a document, advertisement or representation shall be taken to be likely to mislead as to the

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1821

uses or effects of medicinal products of a particular description Part vni if it is likely to mislead as to any of the following matters, that is to say—

(<i) any purposes for which medicinal products of that description can with reasonable safety be used;

(b) any purposes for which such products cannot be so

used; and

(c) any effects which such products when used, or when

used in any particular way referred to in the document, advertisement or representation, produce or are intended to produce.

131.—(1) In this Act any reference to selling anything by way Meaning of of wholesale dealing is a reference to selling it to a person as " wholesale being a person who buys it for one or more of the purposes ,

specified in subsection (2) of this section, except that it does not related include any such sale by the person who manufactured it expressions.

(2) The purposes referred to in the preceding subsection, in relation to a person to whom anything is sold, are the purposes of—

(a) selling or supplying it or

(b) administering it or causing it to be administered to one or more human beings,

in the course of a business carried on by that person.

(3) In this Act any reference to selling by retail, or to retail sale, is a reference to selling a substance or article to a person as being a person who buys it otherwise than for a purpose specified in subsection (2) of this section.

(4) In this Act any reference to supplying anything in circumstances corresponding to retail sale is a reference to supplying it. otherwise than by way of sale, to a person as being a person who receives if for a purpose other than that of—

(a) selling or supplying it, or

(b) administering it or causing it to be administered to one

or more human beings,

in the course of a business carried on by that person.

(5) For the purposes of this section the provision of services by or on behalf of the Minister of Health, the Secretary of State or the Ministry of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland under the National Health Service Act 1946, the National 1946 c. 81. Health Service (Scotland) Act 1947 or the Health Services Acts 1947 c. 27. (Northern Ireland) 1948 to 1967 shall be treated as the carrying

on of a business by that Minister, the Secretary of State or that Ministry, as the case may be.

3M*4

1822

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part VIII

General

Interpretation

Provisions.

132.—(1) In this Act. except in so far as the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say:—

"analysis" includes micro-biological assay but no other form of biological assay, and "analyse" has a corresponding meaning;

" animal " includes any bird, fish or reptile;

" animal test certificate " has the meaning assigned to it by section 32 of this Act;

" the appropriate committee " has the meaning assigned to it by section 4(6) of this Act;

"the appropriate Ministers" shall be construed in accordance with section 1(2) of this Act;

"assemble", in relation to a medicinal product, means enclosing the product (with or without other medicinal products of the same description) in a container which is labelled before the product is sold or supplied, or, where the product (with or without other medicinal products of the same description) is already enclosed in the container in which it is to be sold or supplied, labelling the container before the product is sold or supplied in it. and " assembly " has a corresponding meaning;

"business" includes a professional practice and includes any activity carried on by a body of persons, whether corporate or unincorporate;

" clinical trial " and " clinical trial certificate " have the meanings assigned to them by section 31 of this Act;

"the Commission" means the Medicines Commission established under this Act;

" composition ", in relation to a medicinal product, means the ingredients of which it consists and the proportions, and the degrees of strength, quality and purity, in which those ingredients are contained in it respectively;

"container", in relation to a medicinal product, means the bottle, jar, box, packet or other receptacle which contains or is to contain it, not being a capsule, cachet or other article in which the product is or is to be administered, and where any such receptacle is or is to be contained in another such receptacle, includes the former but does not include the latter receptacle;

" contravention " includes failure to comply and " contravene " has a corresponding meaning;

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1823

" dentist " means a person registered in the dentists Part vm register under the Dentists Act 1957; 1957 c. 28.

" disease " includes any injury, ailment or adverse condition, whether of body or mind;

"doctor" means a fully registered person within the

meaning of the Medical Act 1956; 1956 c. 76.

" enforcement authority " means any Minister or body on whom a duty or power to enforce any provisions of this Act or of any regulations or order made thereunder is imposed or conferred by or under sections 108 to 110 of this Act;

"export" means export from the United Kingdom, whether by land, sea or air, and "import" has a corresponding meaning;

" the first appointed day " has the meaning assigned to it by section 16(1) of this Act;

" food and drugs authority " has the meaning assigned to

it for the purposes of the Food and Drugs Act 1955 by 1955 c. 16 section 83 of that Act; (4 & 5 Eliz. 2.).

" the Gazette " means the London, Edinburgh and Belfast Gazettes;

"health centre" means a health centre maintained under

section 21 of the National Health Service Act 1946,1946 c. 81. section 15 of the National Health Service (Scotland) 1947 c. 27.

Act 1947 or section 17 of the Health Services Act 1948 c. 3 (Northern Ireland) 1948; (NX).

" herbal remedy " means a medicinal product consisting of a substance produced by subjecting a plant or plants to drying, crushing or any other process, or of a mixture whose sole ingredients are two or more substances so produced, or of a mixture whose sole ingredients are one or more substances so produced and water or some other inert substance;

" herd " includes a flock;

"hospital" includes a clinic, nursing home or similar institution;

" hover vehicle " means a vehicle designed to be supported on a cushion of air;

" ingredient ", in relation to the manufacture or preparation of a substance, includes anything which is the sole active ingredient of that substance as manufactured or prepared;

1824

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part Vffl

1852 c. 1954 c. 61.

1925 c. 8 (N.I.).

" labelling ", in relation to a container or package of medicinal products, means affixing to or otherwise displaying on it a notice describing or otherwise relating to the contents, and " label " has a corresponding meaning;

" leaflet " includes any written information;

"the licensing authority" has the meaning assigned to it by section 6 of this Act;

" licence of right " has the meaning assigned to it by section 25(4) of this Act;

" manufacture ", in relation to a medicinal product, includes any process carried out in the course of making the product, but does not include dissolving or dispersing the product in, or diluting or mixing it with, some other substance used as a vehicle for the purpose of administering it and does not include the incorporation of the product in any animal feeding stuff;

" medicinal test on animals " has the meaning assigned to it by section 32 of this Act;

"offence under this Act" includes an offence under any regulations or order made under this Act;

" package ", in relation to any medicinal products, means any box, packet or other article in which one or more containers of the products are or are to be enclosed, and, where any such box, packet or other ardcle is or is to be itself enclosed in one or more other boxes, packets or other articles, includes each of the boxes, packets or articles in question;

"Pharmaceutical Society" in relation to Great Britain means the Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain, and in relation to Northern Ireland means the Pharmaceutical Society of Northern Ireland;

" pharmacist " in relation to Great Britain means a person registered in the register of pharmaceutical chemists established in pursuance of the Pharmacy Act 1852 and maintained in pursuance of section 2(1) of the Pharmacy Act 1954, and in relation to Northern Ireland (subject to any order made under paragraph 1 of Schedule 4 to this Act) means a person registered in the register of pharmaceutical chemists for Northern Ireland made out and maintained under section 9 of the Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1925;

" plant " includes any part of a plant;

"poultry" means domestic fowls, turkeys, geese, ducks, guinea-fowls, pigeons, pheasants and partridges;

- -

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1825

" practitioner * (except where that word occurs as part of the expression "veterinary practitioner*) means a doctor, dentist, veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner;

"prescribed* means prescribed by regulations under this Act;

"product licence", "manufacturer’s licence" and "wholesale dealer’s licence" have the meanings assigned to them by sections 7 and 8 of this Act;

"registered pharmacy" has the meaning assigned to it by section 74 of this Act;

" retail pharmacy business * means a business (not being a professional practice carried on by a practitioner) which consists of or includes the retail sale of medicinal products other than medicinal products on a general sale list (whether medicinal products on such a list are sold in the course of that business or not);

"substance" means any natural or artificial substance, whether in solid or liquid form or in the form of a gas or vapour;

" the time allowed ", in Part II of, and Schedule 2 to, this Act has the meaning assigned to it by section 21(8) of this Act;

"treatment", in relation to disease, includes anything done or provided for alleviating the effects of the disease, whether it is done or provided by way of cure or not;

"veterinary drug" means a medicinal product which is manufactured, sold, supplied, imported or exported for the purpose of being administered to animals, but not for the purpose of being administered to human beings;

"veterinary practitioner" means a person registered in the supplementary veterinary register kept under section 8 of the Veterinary Surgeons Act 1966;

" veterinary surgeon " means a person registered in the register of veterinary surgeons kept under section 2 of the Veterinary Surgeons Act 1966;

" writing * includes any form of notation, whether by hand or by printing, typewriting or any similar process, and " written " has a corresponding meaning.

Part VIII

1966 c. 36.

1826

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part VIII (2) For the purposes of this Act considerations of safety, in relation to any substanoe or article, shall be taken to include consideration of the extent (if any) to which the substance or article—

(a) if used without proper safeguards, is capable of causing

danger to the health of the community, or of causing danger to the health of animals generally or of one or more species of animals, or

(b) if administered to an animal, may be harmful to the animal or may induce disease in other animals or may leave a residue in the carcase or produce of the animal which may be harmful to human beings, or

(c) may interfere with the treatment, prevention or diagnosis

of disease, or

(d) may be harmful to the person administering it or (in the case of an instrument, apparatus or appliance) the person operating it,

and any reference in this Act to safety or to the interests of safety shall be construed accordingly.

(3) In this Act any reference to doing anything in accordance with a licence under Part II of this Act shall be construed as a reference to doing it in pursuance of such a licence and in compliance with any conditions and any limitations (whether as to area or otherwise) to which the licence is subject, and so as not to fall within any exceptions to which it is subject, and any reference to doing anything in accordance with a clinical trial certificate or an animal test certificate shall be construed in a corresponding way.

(4) Any reference in this Act to the holder of a licence or certificate shall be construed as a reference to the holder of a licence or certificate which is for the time being in force.

(5) For the purposes of this Act medicinal products of any description shall be taken to be effectively on the market in the United Kingdom at a particular time if (but only if) during the whole of the period of one month ending with that time adequate stocks of medicinal products of that description were available, or could within a reasonable time be made available, for sale or supply to such persons in the United Kingdom as were likely to require them.

(6) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to an enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended or extended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1827

133.—(1) The provisions of this Act, and of any regulations Part vm or orders made under it, shall operate cumulatively; and any General exemption or exception from any of those provisions shall not provisions as be construed as conferring any exemption or exception in relation to operation to any other of those provisions. of Act.

(2) Except in so far as this Act otherwise expressly provides,

and subject to the provisions of section 33 of the Interpretation 1889 c. 63. Act 1889 (which relates to offences under two or more laws), the provisions of this Act shall not be construed as—

(a) conferring a right of action in any civil proceedings

(other than proceedings for the recovery of a fine) in respect of any contravention of this Act or of any regulations or order made under this Act, or

(b) affecting any restriction imposed by or under any other

enactment, whether contained in a public general Act or in a local or private Act, or

(c) derogating from any right of action or other remedy

(whether civil or criminal) in proceedings instituted otherwise than under this Act.

(3) No exemption conferred by or under any provision of this Act shall be construed as derogating from any exemption or immunity of the Crown.

134.—(1) Nothing in this Act shall authorise any department Special of the Government of Northern Ireland to incur any expenses provisions as attributable to the provisions of this Act, which are not expenses}° hailing to be defrayed in accordance with section 128(1) of this *

Act, until provision has been made by the Parliament of Northern Ireland for those expenses to be defrayed out of moneys provided by that Parliament.

(2) This Act, so far as it relates to matters with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws, shall be deemed for the purposes of section 6 of the Government of Ireland Act 1920 to have been passed before the 1920 c. 67. day appointed for the purposes of that section.

(3) The provisions of Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the application of this Act in relation to Northern Ireland.

(4) In this Act "enactment" includes an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland; and (without prejudice to section 132(6) of this Act) any reference in this Act to such an enactment shall include a reference to any enactment re-enacting it with or without modifications.

1828

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Part Vm 1889 c. 63.

Minor and consequential amendments and repeals.

1956 c. 76.

Short title, extent and commencement.

(5) Section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 shall have the like operation in relation to any repeal by this Act of an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland as it has in relation to the repeal of an enactment of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.

135. —(1) The enactments of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which are specified in Schedule 5 to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in that Schedule, being minor amendments and amendments consequential upon the preceding provisions of this Act.

(2) The enactments of that Parliament which are specified in Schedule 6 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule :

Provided that the repeal of section 47 of the Medical Act 1956 shall not take effect before the vesting date (as defined by section 98 of this Act).

(3) The enactments of the Parliament of Northern Ireland which are specified in Schedule 7 to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in that Schedule, being minor amendments and amendments consequential upon the preceding provisions of this Act.

(4) The enactments of the Parliament of Northern Ireland specified in Schedule 8 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

136. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Medicines Act 1968.

(2) This Act extends to Northern Ireland.

(3) The following provisions of this Act, that is to say, sections 63 to 65, 77. 85(5), 86(3), 90(2), 93, 97 and 135, shall not come into operation on the passing of this Act but shall come into operation on such day as the Ministers may by order appoint, and different days may be so appointed for, or for different purposes of, any one or more of those provisions (including, in the case of section 135 of this Act, the amendment or repeal of different enactments to which that section is applicable).

(4) Any order made under this section may make such transitional provision as appears to the Ministers to be necessary or expedient in connection with the provisions of this Act which are thereby brought (wholly or in part) into force, including such adaptations of those provisions or any provision of this Act then in force as appear to them to be necessary or expedient in consequence of the partial operation of this Act (whether before, on or after the day appointed by the order).

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1829

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

Provisions Relating to Medicines Commission and Committees

1. The Ministers may make provision by regulations with respect to any one or more of the following matters, that is to say—

(a) the terms on which members of the Commission or of

committees established under section 4 of this Act shall hold and vacate office, including the terms on which any person appointed as chairman of the Commission or of such a committee shall hold and vacate office as chairman;

(b) the appointment by the Commission of one or more committees consisting wholly or partly of members of the Commission, and the appointment by the Commission of a chairman in respect of each committee so appointed;

(c) the appointment by any committee established under sec-

tion 4 of this Act, or the appointment jointly by two or more such committees, of one or more sub-committees consisting wholly or partly of members of that committee or those committees, as the case may be, and the appointment by that committee or by those committees, as the case may require, of a chairman in respect of each subcommittee so appointed;

(d) the terms on which members of any such sub-committee shall hold and vacate office, including the terms on which any person appointed as chairman of such a sub-committee shall hold and vacate office as chairman.

2. The Ministers shall provide the Commission and each committee established under section 4 or appointed under section 60 of this Act with such staff and such accommodation, services and other facilities as appear to the Ministers to be necessary or expedient for the proper performance of their functions.

3. The validity of any proceedings of the Commission or of any such committee or sub-committee as is mentioned in any of the preceding paragraphs shall not be affected by a vacancy among the members of the Commission, committee or sub-committee or of any defect in the appointment of any member of the Commission, committee or sub-committee.

4. The Commission and any such committee or sub-committee shall have power to regulate their procedure, including power to determine the quorum at their meetings.

5. The Ministers may pay to the members of the Commission and of any such committee or sub-committee such remuneration (if any) and such allowances as may be determined by the Ministers with the consent of the Treasury.

Section 5.

1830

Ch.

Medicines Act 1968

Sgh. 1

Section 29.

6. The Ministers shall defray any expenses incurred with their approval by the Commission or by any such committee or subcommittee as is mentioned in any of the preceding paragraphs.

7. Neither the Commission nor any such committee or sub-committee shall be taken to be the servant or agent of the Crown or to enjoy any status or immunity of the Crown.

SCHEDULE 2 Suspension, Revocation or Variation of Licbncb

Consultation with appropriate committee or Commission

1. Except as provided by paragraph 11 of this Schedule, where the licensing authority propose, in the exercise of their powers under section 28 of this Act,—

(a) to suspend, revoke or vary a product licence on the grounds

specified in paragraph (a) or paragraph (c) of subsection (3) of that section, in a case where it appears to the licensing authority that the matters or characteristics in question are such as to affect the safety, efficacy or quality of medicinal products of a description to which the licence relates, or

(b) to suspend, revoke or vary a product licence on any of the grounds specified in paragraph (g) or paragraph ( of that subsection,

the licensing authority shall not suspend, revoke or vary the licence except after consultation with the appropriate committee or, if for the time being there is no such committee, with the Commission.

2. Where the appropriate committee or the Commission are consulted under the preceding paragraph, and on any such grounds as are mentioned in that paragraph they have reason to think that they may have to advise the licensing authority that the product licence ought to be suspended, revoked or varied, the committee or Commission shall notify the holder of the licence accordingly, and, before giving any such advice to the licensing authority, shall afford to him an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by them, or of making representations in writing to them with respect to those grounds.

3. Where the holder of the licence has availed himself of the opportunity of being heard under paragraph 2 of this Schedule, or after considering any representations made by him under that paragraph, the appropriate committee or the Commission, as the case may be, shall report to the licensing authority their findings and advice and the reasons for their advice, and the licensing authority shall take that report into account in making their decision.

4. Whether the holder of the licence has been heard or has made representations under paragraph 2 of this Schedule or not, if the appropriate committee or the Commission advise the licensing

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1831

authority that the licence ought on any such grounds as are mentioned in paragraph 1 of this Schedule to be suspended or revoked, or to be varied so as to contain provisions specified in their advice, the licensing authority shall serve notice on the holder of the licence stating the advice so given to the authority and the reasons stated by the appropriate committee or the Commission for giving that advice.

5. If, within the time allowed after the service of a notice under paragraph 4 of this Schedule, in a case where the holder of the licence has not been heard by, or made representations to, the Commission under paragraph 2 of this Schedule, the holder of the licence gives notice to the licensing authority of his desire to be heard with respect to the advice given to the authority, or makes representations in writing to the licensing authority with respect to that advice, then, before determining the matter,—

(a) if the holder of the licence has given notice of his desire

to be heard, the licensing authority shall arrange for him to have an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by the Commission, or

(b) if he has made representations in writing, the licensing authority shall refer those representations to the Commission,

and. where the holder of the licence has availed himself of the opportunity of being heard, or after considering die representations, as the case may be, the Commission shall report to the licensing authority their findings and advice and the reasons for their advice, and the licensing authority shall take that report into account in making their decision.

6. If the licensing authority—

(a) propose to determine the matter in a way which differs from

the advice of the Commission under paragraph 3 or paragraph 5 of this Schedule, or

(b) where there has been no hearing before, and no representa-

tions have been made or referred to, the Commission, propose to determine the matter in a way which differs from the advice of the appropriate committee under paragraph 3 of this Schedule, or

(c) in the absence of any such advice as is mentioned in either

of the preceding sub-paragraphs, propose to determine the matter in a way which differs from the advice given by the appropriate committee or the Commission, or

(d) propose to suspend, revoke or vary the licence on grounds not relating to safety, quality or efficacy,

the licensing authority shall notify the holder of the licence accordingly, and, before determining the matter, shall afford to him an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed for the purpose by the licensing authority, or of making representations in writing to the licensing authority with respect to that proposal.

Sch. 2

1832

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Sch. 2 7. Any notification given to the holder of the licence under

paragraph 6 of this Schedule—

(a) in a case falling within sub-paragraph (a) or sub-paragraph

(b) of that paragraph, shall state the advice of the Commission or the appropriate committee and the reasons stated by the Commission or the committee for giving that advice, or

(b) in a case falling within sub-paragraph (c) of that paragraph, shall state the advice given by the appropriate committee or the Commission and the reasons stated by the committee or the Commission for giving that advice,

and in a case falling within sub-paragraph (d) of that paragraph (whether it also falls within any of the other sub-paragraphs of that paragraph or not) the notification shall include a statement of the proposals of the licensing authority and of the reasons for them.

Notification of proposals to holder of licence in other cases

8. Except as provided by paragraph 11 of this Schedule, where the licensing authority propose, in the exercise of the powers conferred by section 28 of this Act,—

(a) to suspend, revoke or vary a licence under Part II of this Act, other than a product licence, or

(b) to suspend, revoke or vary a product licence where no notice of that proposal, or of any advice, or grounds for giving advice, which led to that proposal, has been given to the holder of the licence under paragraph 2, paragraph 4 or paragraph 6 of this Schedule,

the licensing authority shall serve on the holder of the licence a notice stating their proposals and the reasons for them and the date (not being earlier than twenty-eight days from the date of service of the notice) on which it is proposed that the suspension, revocation or variation should take effect

9. If, before the date specified in a notice under paragraph 8 of this Schedule, the holder of the licence gives notice to the licensing authority of his desire to be heard under this paragraph, or makes representations in writing to the licensing authority with respect to their proposals, then, before determining the matter, the licensing authority shall afford to him an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by a person appointed for the purpose by the licensing authority, or shall take those representations into account, as the case may be.

Procedure in case of urgency

10. The following provisions of this Schedule shall have effect where it appears to the licensing authority that in the interests of safety it is necessary to suspend a licence under Part II of this Act with immediate effect

11. In the circumstances specified in paragraph 10 of this Schedule, the licensing authority may, notwithstanding anything in paragraphs 1 to 9 of this Schedule, suspend the licence with immediate effect for a period not exceeding three months.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1833

12. If the licence is a product licence, the licensing authority shall report the suspension forthwith to the appropriate committee or, if for the time being there is no such committee, to the Commission.

13. If, after the suspension has taken effect, it appears to the licensing authority, or (in the case of a product licence) they are advised by the appropriate committee or by the Commission, that it is necessary to consider whether the licence ought to be further suspended, or ought to be revoked or varied, the licensing authority (subject to the next following paragraph) shall proceed in accordance with such of the provisions of paragraphs 1 to 9 of this Schedule as are applicable in the circumstances.

14. Where, in the circumstances specified in paragraph 13 of this Schedule, the licensing authority proceed as mentioned in that paragraph, and any proceedings under paragraphs 1 to 9 of this Schedule relating to a further suspension of the licence have not been finally disposed of before the end of the period for which the licence was suspended under paragraph 11 of this Schedule, or for which it has been further suspended under this paragraph, as the case may be, then, if it appears to the licensing authority to be necessary in the interests of safety to do so, the licensing authority may further suspend the licence for a period which (in the case of each such further suspension) shall not exceed three months.

15. The provisions of section 27(7) of this Act shall, with the necessary modifications, have effect for the purpose of determining the date on which, for the purposes of paragraph 14 of this Schedule, any proceedings are to be taken to be finally disposed of.

Provisions as to hearings

16. Subsection (7) of section 21 of this Act shall have effect in relation to a person appointed by the licensing authority under paragraph 6 or paragraph 9 of this Schedule as it has effect in relation to a person appointed under subsection (5) of that section, as if in the said subsection (7) any reference to the applicant were a reference to the holder of the licence.

SCHEDULE 3 Sampling Introductory

1.—(1) The provisions of this Schedule shall have effect where a person authorised in that behalf by an enforcement authority (in this Schedule referred to as a "sampling officer’*) obtains a sample of any substance or article—

(a) for the purpose of ascertaining whether there is or has been, in connection with that substance or article, any contravention of any provisions of this Act or of any regulations or order made thereunder which, by or under any provisions of sections 108 to 110 of this Act, that authority (in this Schedule referred to as "the relevant enforcement authority") is required or empowered to enforce, or

Sch. 2

Sections 112 and 115.

1834

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Sch. 3

1955 e. 16

(4 & 5 Eliz. 2).

1956 c. 30.

1958 c. 27 (N.I.).

(b) otherwise for any purpose connected with the performance by that authority of their functions under this Act or under any such regulations or order, and the sampling officer obtains the sample by purchase or in the exercise of any power conferred by section 112 of this Act.

(2) In this Schedule " public analyst ", in relation to England and Wales has the meaning assigned to it by section 89(1) of the Food and Drugs Act 1955, in relation to Scotland has the meaning assigned to it by section 27(1) of the Food and Drugs (Scotland) Act 1956, and in relation to Northern Ireland has the meaning assigned to it by section 31 of the Food and Drugs Act (Northern Ireland) 1958.

Division of sample

2. The sampling officer shall forthwith divide the sample into three parts, each part to be marked and sealed or fastened up in such manner as its nature will permit.

3. If the sample was purchased by the sampling officer, otherwise than from an automatic machine, he shall supply one part of the sample to the seller.

4. If the sampling officer obtained the sample from an automatic machine, then—

(a) if a person’s name, and an address in the United Kingdom,

are stated on the machine as being the name and address of the owner of the machine, the sampling officer shall supply one part of the sample to that person;

(b) in any other case, the sampling officer shall supply one part of the sample to the occupier of the premises on which the machine stands or to which it is affixed.

5. If the sample is of goods consigned from outside the United Kingdom and was taken by the sampling officer before delivery to the consignee, the sampling officer shall supply one part of the sample to the consignee.

6. If, in a case not falling within any of paragraphs 3 to 5 of this Schedule, the sample was obtained by the sampling officer at the request or with the consent of a purchaser, the sampling officer shall supply one part of the sample to the seller.

7. If, in a case not falling within any of paragraphs 3 to 6 of this Schedule, the sample was taken in transit, the sampling officer shall supply one part of the sample to the consignor.

8. In any case not falling within any of paragraphs 3 to 7 of this Schedule the sampling officer shall supply one part of the sample to the person appearing to him to be the owner of the substance or article from which the sample was taken.

9. In every case falling within any of paragraphs 3 to 8 of this Schedule the sampling officer shall inform the person to whom the part of the sample in question is supplied that the sample has been obtained for the purpose of analysis or other appropriate examination.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1835

10. Of the remaining parts of the sample into which the sample is divided in accordance with paragraph 2 of this Schedule, the sampling officer, unless he decides not to submit the sample for analysis or other appropriate examination, shall—

(a) retain one part for future comparison, and

(b) submit the other part for analysis or examination in accordance with the following provisions of this Schedule.

11. Where a sample consists of substances or articles enclosed in unopened containers, and it appears to the sampling officer that to open the containers and divide the contents into parts—

(a) is not reasonably practicable, or

(b) might affect the composition or impede the proper analysis or other examination of the contents.

the sampling officer may divide the sample into parts by dividing the containers into three lots without opening them.

12. Section 127 of this Act shall have effect in relation to supplying any part of a sample in pursuance of the preceding paragraphs as it has effect in relation to the service of a document.

13. If after reasonable inquiry the sampling officer is unable to ascertain the name of a person to whom, or the address at which, a part of a sample ought to be supplied in pursuance of the preceding paragraphs, he may retain that part of the sample instead of supplying it.

Notice to person named on container

14. —(1) Where it appears to the sampling officer that a substance or article of which he has obtained a sample was manufactured or assembled by a person whose name and address in the United Kingdom are stated on its container, and who is not a person to whom a part of the sample is required to be supplied under the preceding provisions of this Schedule, the sampling officer, unless he decides not to submit the sample for analysis or other appropriate examination, shall serve notice on that person—

(a) stating that the sample has been obtained by the sampling officer, and

(b) specifying the person from whom the sampling officer purchased it. or, if he obtained it otherwise than by purchase, the place from which he obtained it

(2) The notice required to be served under the preceding sub-paragraph shall be served before the end of the period of three days beginning with the day on which the sample was obtained.

Analysis or other examination of sample

15. If the sampling officer decides to submit the sample for analysis or other appropriate examination, he shall—

(a) submit it for analysis to the public analyst for the area in which the sample was obtained, or, if for the time being there is no public analyst for that area, then to the public analyst for some other area, or

Sen. 3

1836

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Sch. 3

(6) submit it for other appropriate examination to the person having the management or control of any laboratory available for the purpose in accordance with any arrangements made in that behalf by the relevant enforcement authority.

16. Where the relevant enforcement authority is a Minister or the Pharmaceutical Society, and the sampling officer decides to have the sample analysed, he may (instead of submitting it to a public analyst) submit it for analysis to the person having the management or control of any laboratory available for the purpose in accordance with any arrangements made in that behalf by the relevant enforcement authority.

17. Any such arrangements as are mentioned in paragraph 15(6) or paragraph 16 of this Schedule,—

(a) if they relate exclusively to the examination or analysis

of veterinary drugs and are made by an enforcement authority in England and Wales other than the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, shall be arrangements approved by that Minister;

(b) if in any other case they are made by an enforcement authority in England and Wales other than the Minister of Health, shall be arrangements approved by the Minister of Health;

(c) if they are made by an enforcement authority in Scotland other than the Secretary of State, shall be arrangements approved by the Secretary of State;

and any such arrangements as are mentioned in paragraph 15(6) of this Schedule, if made by a health authority in Northern Ireland, shall be arrangements approved by the Minister of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland.

18. —(1) Subject to the following sub-paragraph, the person to whom the sample is submitted under paragraph 15 or paragraph 16 of this Schedule shall analyse or examine the sample (as the case may be), or cause the sample to be analysed or examined by some other person under his direction, as soon as practicable.

(2) If the person to whom the sample is so submitted is a public analyst, and that analyst determines that for any reason an effective analysis of the sample cannot be performed by him or under his direction, he shall send it to the public analyst for some other area, and that other public analyst shall as soon as practicable analyse the sample or cause it to be analysed by some other person under his direction.

19. —(1) A public analyst who has analysed a sample submitted to him under the preceding provisions of this Schedule, or who has caused such a sample to be analysed by some other person under his direction, shall issue and send to the sampling officer a certificate specifying the result of the analysis.

(2) A person having the management or control of a laboratory in which a sample submitted to him under the preceding provisions of this Schedule has been analysed or examined, or a person appointed by him for the purpose, shall issue and send to the

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. (57

1837

sampling officer a certificate specifying the result of the analysis or examination.

(3) Any certificate issued under this paragraph shall be in a form prescribed by the Ministers and shall be signed by the person who issues the certificate.

20. —(1) Any person to whom, in accordance with paragraphs 2 to 8 of this Schedule, a part of the sample is required to be supplied shall, on payment of the prescribed fee to the relevant enforcement authority, be entitled to be supplied with a copy of any certificate as to the result of an analysis or examination which is sent to the sampling officer under paragraph 19 of this Schedule.

(2) Any regulations prescribing a fee for the purposes of this paragraph shall be made by the Ministers.

Provisions as to evidence

21. In any proceedings for an offence under this Act a document produced by one of the parties to the proceedings and purporting to be a certificate issued under paragraph 19 of this Schedule shall be sufficient evidence of the facts stated in the document, unless the other party requires that the person who issued the certificate shall be called as a witness; and, in any proceedings in Scotland, if that person is called as a witness, his evidence shall be sufficient evidence of those facts.

22. In any proceedings for an offence under this Act a document produced by one of the parties to the proceedings, which has been supplied to him by the other party as being a copy of such a certificate, shall be sufficient evidence of the facts stated in the document

23. —(1) If in any such proceedings before a magistrates* court a defendant intends to produce such a certificate, or to require that the person by whom such a certificate was issued shall be called as a witness, a notice of his intention, and (where he intends to produce such a certificate) a copy of the certificate, shall be given to the other party at least three clear days before the day on which the summons is returnable.

(2) If the preceding sub-paragraph is not complied with, the court may, if it thinks fit, adjourn the hearing on such terms as it thinks proper.

(3) In Scotland, if in any such proceedings in the sheriff court the accused intends to produce such a certificate, or to require that the person by whom such a certificate was issued shall be called as a witness, notice of his intention, and (where he intends to produce such a certificate) a copy of the certificate, shall be given to the procurator fiscal at least three clear days before the day on which the case proceeds to trial.

(4) If sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph is not complied with, the sheriff may, if he thinks fit, adjourn the diet on such terms as he deems proper.

Sch. 3

1838

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Sch. 3

1967 c. 80.

Analysis under direction of court

24. —(1) In any proceedings for an offence under this Act. where the proceedings relate to a substance or article of which a sample has been obtained as mentioned in paragraph 1 of this Schedule, the part of the sample retained in pursuance of paragraph 10(a) of this Schedule shall be produced as evidence; and the court—

(a) at the request of either party to the proceedings shall, and

(b) in the absence of any such request may if it thinks fit.

cause that part of the sample to be sent for analysis to the Government Chemist (or. in Northern Ireland, the Government Chemist for Northern Ireland) or to be sent for other appropriate examination to the person having the management or control of a laboratory specified by the court

(2) If. in a case where an appeal is brought no action has been taken under the preceding sub-paragraph, the provisions of that sub-paragraph shall have effect in relation to the court by which the appeal is heard.

(3) A person to whom a part of a sample is sent under this paragraph for analysis or other examination shall analyse or examine it or cause it to be analysed or examined on his behalf, and shall transmit to the court a certificate specifying the result of the analysis or examination.

(4) Any such certificate shall be signed by that person, or signed on his behalf by the person who made the analysis or examination or a person under whose direction it was made.

(5) Any such certificate shall be evidence (and, in Scotland, shall be sufficient evidence) of the facts stated in the certificate unless any party to the proceedings requires that the person by whom it was signed shall be called as a witness; and, in any proceedings in Scotland, if that person is called as a witness, his evidence shall be sufficient evidence of those facts.

25. The costs of any analysis or examination under paragraph 24 of this Schedule shall be paid by the prosecutor or the defendant (or, in Scotland, the accused) as the court may order.

Proof by written statement

26. In relation to England and Wales section 9 of the Criminal Justice Act 1967, and in relation to Northern Ireland any corresponding enactment which may be passed by the Parliament of Northern Ireland, shall not have effect with respect to any document produced as mentioned in paragraph 21 or paragraph 22 of this Schedule or with respect to any certificate transmitted to a court under paragraph 24 of this Schedule.

Power to modify sampling provisions

27. The Ministers may by order provide that, in relation to substances or articles of any such description as may be specified in the order, the preceding provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject to such exceptions and modifications as may be specified in the order.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1839

Payment for sample taken under compulsory powers Sch. 3

28. —(1) Where a sampling officer takes a sample in the exercise of any power conferred by section 112 of this Act he shall, if payment is demanded, pay the value of the sample to the person to whom a part of the sample is required under paragraph 5, paragraph 7 or paragraph 8 of this Schedule (as the case may be) to be supplied.

(2) In default of agreement between the sampling officer and the person mentioned in the preceding sub-paragraph, the value of the sample shall be determined by the arbitration of a single arbitrator appointed by the sampling officer and the other person in question or, if they are unable to agree on the appointment of an arbitrator, shall be determined by the county court for the district (or, in Northern Ireland, the division) in which the sample was taken.

(3) In the application of this paragraph to Scotland, for references to an arbitrator there shall be substituted references to an arbiter and for the reference to the county court there shall be substituted a reference to the sheriff.

Application of s. 64 to samples

29. Where a medicinal product is taken as a sample by a sampling officer in the exercise of any power conferred by section 112 of this Act, the provisions of subsections (1) to (4) of section 64 of this Act shall have effect as if the taking of the product as a sample were a sale of it to the sampling officer by the person from whom it is taken; and, if the product was prepared in pursuance of a prescription given by a practitioner, those provisions shall so have effect as if, in subsection (1) of that section, for the words "demanded by the purchaser", there were substituted the words "specified in the prescription "

SCHEDULE 4 Section 134.

Provisions relating to Northern Ireland

1. —(1) The Minister of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland may by order make provision for the application of this Act in relation to druggists subject to such exceptions and modifications as may be specified in the order.

(2) In this paragraph "druggist" means a person registered in the register of druggists for Northern Ireland made out and maintained under section 9 of the Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern I925 c. 8 (N.I.). Ireland) 1925.

2. Where the Minister of Agriculture for Northern Ireland is of the opinion that there are special circumstances which render it expedient that any description or class of veterinary drugs which is proposed to be specified or designated by an order under section 51 of this Act should not be so specified or designated in relation to Northern Ireland, an order under that section may specify or designate that description or class of veterinary drugs for the purposes of the application of this Act in Great Britain but not in Northern Ireland.

3 N

1840

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Sch. 4 3. A product licence, in so far as it is applicable to veterinary

drugs of any description, or contains provisions relating to the incorporation of substances or articles in animal feeding stuffs, or an animal test certificate, except where it is issued by the Minister of Agriculture for Northern Ireland (whether acting with or without any one or more than one of the other Ministers specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of section 1(1) of this Act), shall not authorise the doing of anything in or in relation to Northern Ireland except to the extent (if any) to which the licence or certificate is expressed to do so.

4. Notwithstanding anything contained in section 28(3) or section 39(2) of this Act, the powers conferred by sections 28 and 30 and by section 39 of this Act to vary the provisions of a product licence and an animal test certificate respectively shall include power for the Minister of Agriculture for Northern Ireland (whether acting with or without any one or more than one of the other Ministers specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of section 1(1) of this Act) to extend to Northern Ireland any product licence or, as the case may be, any animal test certificate, or any provision of such a licence or certificate, which by virtue of paragraph 3 of this Schedule does not extend to Northern Ireland.

5. Where by virtue of paragraph 3 of this Schedule a product licence or animal test certificate, in so far as it is applicable to veterinary drugs of any description or contains provisions relating to the incorporation of substances or articles in animal feeding stuffs, does not extend to Northern Ireland, the Minister of Agriculture for Northern Ireland may by order prohibit (subject to such exceptions as may be provided for by or under the order) any person from landing in Northern Ireland, or having in his possession in Northern Ireland, a veterinary drug of that description or any animal feeding stuffs in which a substance or article to which those provisions relate has been incorporated, and may by the order provide for the imposition of penalities, not exceeding on summary conviction a fine of £400, for contravention of any provision of the order.

6. The appropriate Northern Ireland Minister or Ministers may in relation to Northern Ireland exercise any power of making an order or regulations which is conferred on the appropriate Ministers by any provision of this Act (except a provision contained in section 15(3), section 35, section 42 or section 57(3) of this Act) where in his or their opinion there are special circumstances which render it expedient to do so.

7. Where an order is made by virtue of paragraph 6 of this Schedule prohibiting or restricting the sale, supply or administration in, or the importation into. Northern Ireland of veterinary drugs of any description or class or any particular veterinary drugs or animal feeding stuffs in which medicinal products of any description or class have been incorporated or any particular animal feeding stuffs in which medicinal products have been incorporated, the order may also contain provisions for prohibiting (subject to such exceptions as may

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1841

be provided for by or under the order) any person from landing in Sch. 4 Northern Ireland or having in his possession in Northern Ireland any veterinary drug, or animal feeding stuffs containing medicinal products, of that description or class or, as the case may require, any such particular veterinary drugs or animal feeding stuffs.

8. Every order or regulation under this Act made by the Minister of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland, or the Minister of Agriculture for Northern Ireland, or both those Ministers, by virtue of the power conferred by paragraph 1, paragraph 5 or paragraph 6 of this Schedule, and every regulation made solely by the Minister of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland under section 120 of this Act, shall be subject to negative resolution within the meaning of section 41(6) of the Interpretation 1954 c. 33 Act (Northern Ireland) 1954 as if it were a statutory instrument (N.I.). within the meaning of that Act.

9. In this Schedule " the appropriate Northern Ireland Minister or Ministers "—

(a) for the purpose of making any order or regulations relating

exclusively to matters other than veterinary drugs and the treatment of diseases of animals, means the Minister of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland;

(b) for the purpose of making any order containing provisions such as are mentioned in paragraph 7 of this Schedule, means the Minister of Agriculture for Northern Ireland; and

(c) in any other case, means the Minister of Health and Social

Services for Northern Ireland and the Minister of Agriculture for Northern Ireland acting jointly,

and " landing ", in relation to any medicinal product or any feeding stuffs, means landing it or them from a vessel, aircraft or vehicle or otherwise introducing it or them into Northern Ireland.

10. In this Act any reference to the Minister of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland or to the Minister of Agriculture for Northern Ireland, and any reference which is to be construed as including a reference to either or both of those Ministers, shall include a reference to the Ministry of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland or, as the case may require, the Ministry of Agriculture for Northern Ireland, or both those Ministries.

11. The Statutory Rules Act (Northern Ireland) 1958, except 1958 c. 18 (N.I.). section 2(2)(a) of that Act (which requires the responsible officer

of each rule-making authority making any statutory rules to send copies of them, and certain information, to the Ministry of Finance for Northern Ireland for registration under that Act), shall not apply to any orders or regulations made under this Act by statutory instrument

3 N 2

1842

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Section 135(1).

SCHEDULE 5

Amendments of Enactments of Parliament of United Kingdom The Venereal Disease Act 1917 (c. 21)

1. In the proviso to section 2 (restriction on advertisements relating to treatment for venereal disease), for the words 44 announcement, recommendation, or bolding out " there shall be substituted the words 44 or announcement

The Pharmacy and Poisons Act 1933 (c. 25)

2. In section 17(2), for the words from "those poisons*' to 44authorised seller of poisons", in each place where those words occur, there shall be substituted the words 44 those substances which, where they are non-medicinal poisons, are by virtue and subject to the provisions of this Act prohibited from being sold except by a person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business

3. In section 18, in subsection (1), for paragraphs (a) and (b) there shall be substituted the following paragraphs :—

"(a) for a person to sell any non-medicinal poison which is a substance included in Part I of the Poisons List unless—

(i) he is a person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business; and

(ii) the sale is effected on premises which are a registered pharmacy; and

(iii) the sale is effected by, or under the supervision of, a pharmacist;

(b) for a person to sell any non-medicinal poison which is a substance included in Part II of the Poisons List unless—

(i) he is a person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business and the sale is effected on premises which are a registered pharmacy; or

(ii) his name is entered in a local authority’s list in respect of the premises on which the poison is sold ",

and in paragraph (c), for the words 44 poison, whether " there shall be substituted the words 44 non-medicinal poison, whether it is a substance "; and in subsection (2), for the word 44 poison ", in the first place where it occurs, there shall be substituted the words 44 non-medicinal poison which is a substance

4. In section 21, in subsection (1), for the words from "who, not being entitled to sell poisons included in Part I" to "such poisons on those premises", there shall be substituted the words "as being persons entitled, on premises in respect of which their names are entered in the list, to sell non-medicinal poisons which are substances included in Part II of the Poisons List, and shall enter in the list the name of any person who, having premises in the area of the authority, makes an application to the local authority in the form prescribed by rules to have his name entered in the list in respect of those premises "; and in subsection (3), for

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1843

the words from " on which " to " the said Part II " there shall be substituted the words " in respect of which the name of any person is entered in the list

5. In section 22, before the word "poison " there shall be inserted the word "non-medicinal ",

6. In section 23, in subsections (1) and (2), before the word "poisons " in each place where it occurs (except where the reference is to the " Poisons Board " or " the Poisons List ") there shall be inserted the word "non-medicinal ".

7. In section 24, in subsection (2), before the word "poison" there shall be inserted the word "non-medicinal

8. In section 25, in subsection (1), for the words "registered pharmacists and authorised sellers of poisons " there shall be substituted the words "pharmacists and persons carrying on a retail pharmacy business "; in subsection (4), for the words " registered pharmacists and authorised sellers of poisons " there shall be substituted the words "pharmacists and persons carrying on a retail pharmacy business", for the words "premises which are on the register of premises " there shall be substituted the words " registered pharmacy ", and for the word "poisons ", in the second and fourth places where it occurs, there shall be substituted the word "substances "; in subsection (5), after the word "steps " there shall be inserted " (a)", for the words " authorised sellers of poisons " there shall be substituted the words " persons lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business ", for the word "poisons ", in the second place where it occurs, there shall be substituted the word "substances", and for the words "for that purpose" there shall be substituted the words—

"(h) to secure compliance with those provisions and rules by persons lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business, in so far as that business is carried on at premises which are not a registered pharmacy,

and for those purposes "; and in subsection (6), for the word "poisons ", in the first place where it occurs, there shall be substituted the word "substances ".

9. In section 29, for the definition of "pharmacist" there shall be substituted the following: —

" * person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business * shall be construed in accordance with section 69 of the Medicines Act 1968;

* pharmacist' has the meaning assigned to it in relation to Great Britain by section 132(1) of the Medicines Act 1968 ",

after the definition of "registered dentist" there shall be inserted the words "‘registered pharmacy* has the meaning assigned to it by section 74 of the Medicines Act 1968; * retail pharmacy business ’ has the meaning assigned to it by section 132(1) of that Act," and

3 N 3

Sch. 5

1844

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Sch 5

at the end of section 29 there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

" (2) In this Act * non-medicinal poison * means a substance which is for the time being included in Part I or Part II of the Poisons List and is neither—

(a) a medicinal product as defined by section 130 of the Medicines Act 1968, nor

(b) a substance in relation to which, by virtue of an order under section 104 or section 105 of that Act for the time being in force (and whether, in the case of an order under section 104 of that Act, it is referred to in the order as a substance or as an article), the provisions of sections 51 to 54 and sections 69 to 77 of that Act (whether subject to exceptions and modifications or not and with or without other provisions of that Act) have effect as they have effect in relation to medicinal products as so defined."

The Cancer Act 1939 (c. 13)

10. In section 4, in subsection (4)(aXv). for the words " authorised sellers of poisons " there shall be substituted the words " persons lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business in accordance with section 69 of the Medicines Act 1968

The National Health Service Act 1946 (c. 81)

11. In section 39(2), for the words "authorised sellers of poisons within the meaning of the Pharmacy and Poisons Act 1933 " there shall be substituted the words " persons lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business in accordance with section 69 of the Medicines Act 1968 ".

The National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1947 (c. 27)

12. In section 41(2), for the words " authorised sellers of poisons within the meaning of the Pharmacy and Poisons Act 1933 " there shall be substituted the words " persons lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business in accordance with section 69 of the Medicines Act 1968".

The Purchase Tax Act 1963 (c. 9)

13. In Part II of Schedule 1, in paragraph 5( 1X^X0. for the words "an authorised seller of poisons" there shall be substituted the words " a person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business in accordance with section 69 of the Medicines Act 1968."

The Drugs {Prevention of Misuse) Act 1964 (c. 64)

14. In section 1, in subsection (2), in paragraph (/), for the words "an authorised seller of poisons" there shall be substituted the words "a person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business in accordance with section 69 of the Medicines Act 1968 ", and in paragraph (k), for the words " the said Act of 1955 " there shall be substituted the words " Schedule 3 to the Medicines Act 1968 ";

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1845

and in subsection (6), for paragraph (a) there shall be substituted Sch. 5 the following paragraph: —

" (a) for the reference in paragraph (j) of subsection (2) to

section 89 of the Food and Drugs Act 1955 there shall 1955 c. 16. be substituted a reference to section 27 of the Food and ft * 5 ^Jiz-Drugs (Scotland) Act 1956 1956 c‘ 3a

The Dangerous Drugs Act 1965 (c.15)

15. In section 11, in subsection (2), for the words from "carrying on business " to " authorised seller of poisons " there shall be substituted the words " conducting a retail pharmacy business in accordance with section 69 of the Medicines Act 1968 ", and for the words " duly registered under Part I " there shall be substituted the words " which are a registered pharmacy as defined by section 74 "; in subsection (3), for the words from " the sale by retail " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " any contravention of the Pharmacy and Poisons Act 1933 or of the Medicines 1933 c. 25. Act 1968 or any rules, regulations or order made under either of

those Acts "; and in subsection (4), for the words from " subsections (2) and (3) " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " the reference in subsection (2) to the Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain, of a reference to the Pharmaceutical Society of Northern Ireland, for the reference in subsection (3) to the Pharmacy and Poisons Act 1933, of a reference to the Pharmacy and Poisons Acts (Northern Ireland) 1925 to 1967, and as if in subsection (2) the reference to a person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business included a reference to a person deemed to be a person lawfully conducting such a business by virtue of an order made under paragraph 1 of Schedule 4 to the said Act of 1968 ".

The Trade Descriptions Act 1968 (c. 29)

16. In section 2, in subsection (5), after the word "section " there shall be inserted " (a) ", and at the end of the subsection there shall be inserted the following paragraph :—

"(h) where by virtue of any provision made under Part V of the Medicines Act 1968 (or made under any provisions of the said Part V as applied by an order made under section 104 or section 105 of that Act) anything which, in accordance with this Act, constitutes the application of a trade description to goods is subject to any requirements or restrictions imposed by that provision, any particular description specified in that provision, when applied to goods in circumstances to which those requirements or restrictions are applicable, shall be deemed not to be a trade description ".

17. In section 22, in subsection (2), after the words "the Food 1958 c.27. and Drugs Act (Northern Ireland) 1958 " there shall be inserted (N.I.). the words 44 or the Medicines Act 1968 "; in paragraph (b) the word

44 and ", where it occurs at the end of that paragraph, shall be

3 N 4

1846

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Sen. 5

Section 135(2).

omitted; and at the end of paragraph (c) there shall be inserted the words "and

(d) in relation to the said Act of 1968, so much of Schedule 3 to that Act as is applicable to the circumstances in which the sample was procured ",

and at the end of the subsection there shall be inserted the words " or paragraph 27 of Schedule 3 to the said Act of 1968

SCHEDULE 6

Enactments of Parliament of United Kingdom Repealed

Chapter j Short Title

Extent of Repeal

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

c. 21.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 25.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 13.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

c. 42.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c.37.

The Venereal Disease Act 1917.

The Pharmacy and Poisons Act 1933.

The Cancer Act 1939.

The Pharmacy and Medicines Act 1941.

The Radioactive Substances Act 1948.

Section 2(2), except the proviso.

Sections 8 to 14.

In section 17, in subsection (2), the words 4 of persons who are to be entitled to sell poisons in Part n ’, and, in subsection (6), the words from 4 and in this Act * to the end of the subsection.

In section 18(2Xa)(ii) the word 44 registered ".

Section 19.

In section 23, in subsection (1), paragraph (a), paragraph (6) (ii) and paragraph (i); and in subsection (3), in the reference to paragraphs (a), m),(c), id), (e) and (i), the references to paragraphs (a) and (/).

In section 25, in subsection (1) the words 4 Part I of this Act and of section nineteen and ’, in subsection (4) those words and the word 4 registered *, and subsection (9).

In section 29, the definitions of 4 authorised seller of poisons ’ and 4 poison * and paragraph (a) of the definition of 4 registered ’

In section 4, subsection (1)(6), subsection (3) and subsection (4)(a)(vii).

The whole Act.

Sections 3 and 4.

In section 12, the definition of 4 authorised seller of poisons ’.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1847

Chapter

14 Geo. 6. c. 36.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2.

c. 61.

4 Eliz. 2. c. 16.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2.

c. 25.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 30.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2.

c. 76.

1963 c. 9.

Short Title

The Diseases of Animals Act 1950.

The Pharmacy Act 1954.

The Food and Drugs Act 1955.

The Therapeutic Sub* stances Act 1956.

The Food and Drugs (Scotland) Act 1956.

The Medical Act 1956.

The Purchase Tax Act 1963.

Extent of Repeal

Part II and Schedule 3.

Section 19.

In section 1, subsection (2) and subsection (3X&).

In section 2(3), the words from "except" to "drugs

Section 3(2).

In section 6(6), the words from " except " to " drugs ".

In section 91(2), the words from " but * to the end of the subsection.

In section 109(3)(a), the words from " so " to the end of the paragraph.

In section 114(4), the words from * the authority concerned * to * in any other case ’.

The words " or drug * and " drug " wherever they occur, except in section 135.

In Schedule 8, in column 2, in the first paragraph, the words from " other " to " drug ".

In Part I of Schedule 9, in column 2, paragraph (aXiii) of the definition relating to sections 321 to 325 of the Public Health Act 1936.

The whole Act.

In section 1, subsection (2) and subsection (3)(b).

In section 2(3) the words from " except *to" drugs ".

Section 3(2).

In section 6(6) the words from "except* to " drugs".

In section 28(2) the words from "but* to the end of the subsection.

The words "or drug" and " drug * wherever they occur, except in section 58.

Section 47.

Section 57(9) and (10).

In Part II of Schedule 1, in paragraph 5(2), the definition of * authorised seller of poisons *.

3 N*

Sch. 6

1848

Ch. 7

Medicines Act 1968

Sch. 6

Section 135(3).

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1964 c. 64. The Drugs (Prevention of Misuse) Act 1964. 1 In section 1, in subsection (7), the reference to, and the paragraph substituted for, paragraph (k) of subsection (2). In section 9 the definition of 4 authorised seller of poisons *.

1965 c. 15. The Dangerous Drugs Act 1965. In section 11, in subsection (4) the words 4 in subsection (1) thereof

SCHEDULE 7

Amendments of Enactments of Parliament of Northern Ireland

The Pharmacy and Poisons Act {Northern Ireland) 1925

c. 8 (NJ.)

1. In section 10(2) for the words 44 open shop is kept for any of the purposes mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) of section 15 of the Medicines. Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1945 " there shall be substituted the words " a retail pharmacy business is carried on ", for the words " such shop " (twice) and "die shop" there shall be substituted the words "the business", and for the words "keep open shop for any of the purposes mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) of the said section 15 " there shall be substituted the words " carry on a retail pharmacy business": and after the said subsection (2) there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

"(3) In subsection (2) of this section the expression ‘retail pharmacy business* has the meaning assigned to it by section 132(1) of the Medicines Act 1968."

2. Sections 17 and 18 shall cease to have effect.

3. In section 25 for the word "poisons " there shall be substituted the words " non-medicinal poisons ".

4. In section 27(2) for the words from the beginning to the words " such portion " there shall be substituted the following words: —

"The fees paid to the registrar under section 75(1) of the Medicines Act 1968 on the entry of premises in the register required to be kept under that section and the retention or other fees, or any other sums, paid to him under section 76 of that Act shall be paid by him to the Ministry of Health and Social Services. Of the fees so paid to the Ministry of Health and Social Services such portion ";

and after the words " under this Act *’ there shall be inserted the words " and any expenses attributable to the functions of the registrar under Part IV of the Medicines Act 1968 ",

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1849

5. In section 30 for the definition of "poison* there shall be substituted the following definition—

"The expression ‘non-medicinal poison’ has the meaning assigned to it by section 38(1 A) of the Medicines, Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1945."

6. Schedule 3 shall cease to have effect.

The Medicines, Pharmacy and Poisons Act {Northern Ireland) 1945

1945 c.9

7. Part I shall cease to have effect.

8. In section 14(1) the words "if he is a registered person" and the words from "and, if he is a representative" onwards, and in section 14(2) the proviso, shall cease to have effect.

9. In section 14(6) for the words ", or in respect of any annual licence under section seventeen of the Act of 1925," there shall be substituted the words ", and in the register of premises required to be kept under section 75 of the Medicines Act 1968,".

10. Sections 15 to 18 shall cease to have effect

11. In section 19 in subsection (1) for the words "carry on the business of" there shall be substituted the words "be registered as a "; and in that subsection the words " or to be an authorised seller of poisons’* and the words from ", or if the owner is a body corporate * to " employee of the body corporate," in subsection (2) in paragraph (a) the words from " or, if the owner " onwards and in paragraph (b) the words from " or, if the owner is a body corporate * to " employee of the body corporate," and subsection (3) shall cease to have effect

12. In section 26A(3) for the words from "those poisons" to "authorised sellers of poisons" in each place where those words occur, there shall be substituted the words " those substances which, where they are non-medicinal poisons, are by virtue of and subject to the provisions of this Act prohibited from being sold except by a person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business" and for the words "and those persons who are authorised by the local authority " there shall be substituted the words " or a person whose name is entered in a register kept under this Part of this Act by a local authority (in this Act referred to as a ’local authority’s register *).*

13. In section 27, in subsection (1) for paragraphs (a) and ( ) there shall be substituted the following paragraphs: —

" (a) for a person to sell any non-medicinal poison which is a substance included in Part I of the Poisons Schedule unless—

(i) he is a person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business; and

3 N* 2

Sch. 7

1850

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Sch. 7

(ii) the sale is effected on premises which are a registered pharmacy; and

(iii) the sale is effected by, or under a personal control of, a pharmacist;

(b) for a person to sell any non-medicinal poison which is a substance included in Part II of the Poisons Schedule unless—

(i) he is a person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business and the sale is effected on premises which are a registered pharmacy; or

(ii) his name is entered in a local authority's register in respect of the premises on which the poison is sold,"

and in paragraph (d) for the words "poison, whether" there shall be substituted the words " non-medicinal poison, whether it is a substance"; and in subsection (2) for the word "poisons" where it first occurs there shall be substituted the words "non-medicinal poison which is a substance" and in paragraph (aXii) of that subsection for the words "duly registered person" there shall be substituted the word "pharmacist".

14. Section 28 shall cease to have effect.

15. In section 30, in subsection (1), for the words from "who, not being entitled to sell poisons included in Part I" to "such poisons on those premises" there shall be substituted the words "as being persons entitled, on premises in respect of which their names are entered in the register, to sell non-medicinal poisons which are substances included in Part II of the Poisons Schedule, and shall enter in the register the name of any person who, having premises in the area of the authority, makes an application to the local authority in the prescribed form to have his name entered in the register in respect of those premises "; and in subsection (3), for the words from " on which " to " the said Part II " there shall be substituted the words " in respect of which the name of any person is entered in the register ".

16. In section 31, before the word "poison" there shall be inserted the word " non-medicinal ".

17. In section 32, in subsection (1) and (2), before the word "poison" or "poisons" in each place where it occurs (except as part of the expression "the Poisons Board"), there shall be inserted the word "non-medicinal "; and in subsection (1) paragraphs (a), (b)(ii) and (0 shall cease to have effect, and, in subsection (3), the references to paragraphs (a) and (0 of subsection (1), shall be omitted.

18. In section 33(2) before the word "poison" there shall be inserted the word " non-medicinal ".

19. In section 35(3) the words " section four, section five or " shall cease to have effect.

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1851

20. In section 36 in subsections (2) and (3) for the word "Parts " there shall be substituted the word "Part " and the words " I and " shall cease to have effect, in subsection (2) for the words " registered persons, authorised sellers of poisons " there shall be substituted the words " pharmacists, persons carrying on a retail pharmacy business and"; and in subsection (3) for the words "premises having an annual licence or registered under section 30 of this Act" there shall be substituted the words " registered pharmacy or any premises in respect of which a person’s name is entered in a local authority’s register," and for the word "poisons" there shall be substituted the words " substances included in Part I or Part II of the Poisons Schedule *.

21. Section 37 shall cease to have effect

22. In section 38, in subsection (1), the definitions of " authorised seller of poisons ", " poison ", " premises having an annual licence " and "retailing" shall cease to have effect, and the following definitions shall be inserted at the appropriate points in alphabetical order—

"‘person lawfully conducting a retail pharmacy business* shall be construed in accordance with section 69 of the Medicines Act 1968;

‘pharmacist’ means a person who is, or is deemed to be, a pharmacist for the purposes of any provision of the Medicines Act 1968;

‘registered pharmacy* has the meaning assigned to it by section 74 of the Medicines Act 1968;

‘retail pharmacy business’ has the meaning assigned to it by section 132(1) of the Medicines Act 1968; ",

and at the end of that subsection there shall be inserted the following subsection—

"(lA)In this Act *non-medicinal poison* means a substance which is for the time being included in Part I or II of the Poisons Schedule and is neither—

(a) a medicinal product as defined by section 130 of the

Medicines Act 1968, nor

(b) a substance in relation to which, by virtue of an order under section 104 or section 105 of that Act for the time being in force (and whether, in the case of an order under section 104 of that Act, it is referred to in the order as a substance or as an article), the provisions of sections 51 to 54 and sections 69 to 74 of that Act (whether subject to exceptions and modifications or not and with or without other provisions of that Act) have effect as they have effect in relation to medicinal products as so defined."

23. In Schedule 2 in the proviso to paragraph 1, the word "or" at the end of paragraph (a) and paragraphs (5) and (c) shall cease to have effect, and in paragraph 3 after the words " Part II of this

3 N* 3

Sch. 7

1852

Ch. 67

Medicines Act 1968

Sch. 7 Act " there shall be inserted the words " or Part IV of the Medicines Act 1968

The Pharmacy and Poisons Act {Northern Ireland) 1955 1955 c. 31 (IV./.)

24. In sections 1 and 3 there shall be made the amendments to sections 26A and 30 respectively of the Medicines, Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1945 set out above.

25. Section 2 shall cease to have effect.

26. In section 12(1) for paragraphs (<z) and (b) there shall be substituted the following words: —

" the registrar shall remove from the register required to be kept under section 75 of the Medicines Act 1968 all premises entered in that register in respect of a business carried on by any body corporate of which that person is a director

27. Section 14 shall cease to have effect.

The Pharmacy Act {Northern Ireland) 1967 1967 c. 12 {N.I.)

28. Section 5 shall cease to have effect.

29. In Schedule 1----

(a) the entries amending sections 17 and 27 of the Pharmacy

and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1925 shall cease to have effect;

(b) the entry amending the proviso to section 14(2) of the Medicines, Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland> 1945 and the entries amending sections 15, 16, 17 and 18 of, and paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to, that Act shall cease to have effect;

(c) in the entry substituting a new subsection for subsection (1> of section 12 of the Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1955 there shall be made the amendment to the said section set out in paragraph 26 above.

The Increase of Fines Act {Northern Ireland) 1967 1967 c. 29 (N.7.)

30. In the Schedule—

(a) in the entry relating to section 10(2) of the Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1925, for the words " Keeping open shop " there shall be substituted the words " Carrying on a retail pharmacy business ";

(b)the entries relating to sections 15(4) and 16(1 A) of the Medicines, Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1945 shall cease to have effect

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1853

SCHEDULE 8

Section 133(4)

Enactments of Parliament of Northern Ireland Repealed

Session or Year and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

13 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 8 (NX).

1943 c. 9

(NX).

The Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1925.

The Medicines, Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1945.

Section 17.

Section 18.

Schedule 3.

Parti.

In section 14, in subsection (1) the words 44 if he is a registered person * and the words from " and, if he is a representative " onwards; and in subsection (2) the proviso.

Sections 15 to 18.

In section 19, in subsection (1) the words "or to be an authorised seller of poisons * and the words from ", or if the owner is a body corporate * to 44 employee of the body corporate,*; in subsection (2) in paragraph (a) the words from " or, if the owner * onwards and in paragraph (b) the words from 44 or, if the owner is a body corporate ’* to " employee of the body corporate,*; and subsection (3).

In section 27(l)(aXiii) the words from "in accordance* onwards.

Section 28.

In section 32, in subsection (1) paragraphs (a), (&Xii) and (i), and in subsection (3) the references to paragraphs (a) and (/) of subsection (1)

In section 35(3) the words "section four, section five or".

In section 36(2) and (3) the words " I and *’.

Section 37.

In section 38(1) the definitions of "authorised seller of poisons ’*,44 poison ",44 premises having an annual licence * and " retailing *.

In Schedule 2 in the proviso to paragraph (1) the word 44 or " at the end of paragraph (a) and paragraphs (6) and (c).

3N*4

1854

Sch. 8

Ch. 67 Medicines Act 1968

Session or Year and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

1955 c. 31

(NX).

1958 c. 13

(NX).

1958 c. 27

(NX).

The Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1955.

The Diseases of Animals Act (Northern Ireland) 1958.

The Food and Drugs Act (Northern Ireland) 1958.

1966 c. 23

(NX).

The Diseases of Animals (Amendment) Act (Northern Ireland) 1966.

Section 2. Section 14.

Part IL

In Schedule 4, Part I.

In section 1 subsection (2), subsection (3X6) and in subsection (6) the words "or drug".

In section 2 in subsection (1) the words " or drug " in both places where they occur, and in subsection (3) .the words ", except so far as it relates to drugs,".

Section 3(2).

In section 6 in subsection (1) the words " or drug " in each of the three places where they occur, in subsection (2) those words in each of the two places where they occur, in subsection (5) those words and in subsection (6) the words ", except so far as it relates to drugs,".

In section 33 in subsection (2) the words " or drug " and subsection (3).

In section 34 in subsection (1) the word ", drug " and in subsection (2) the words " or drug ".

In section 35 in subsections (1) and (4) the word ", drug ".

In section 38 the word ", drug " in both places where it occurs.

In section 44 in subsection (2Xa) the word ", drug " in both places where it occurs and in subsection (3) that word in both places where it occurs.

In section 47, in subsection (1) the words " so far as those sections or regulations relate to food", and in subsection (3)(a) the words " so far as it relates to food ".

Section 3(2).

Medicines Act 1968

Ch. 67

1855

Session or Year and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1967 c. 12 The Pharmacy Act Sectiod 5.

(N.I.). (Northern Ireland) 1967. In Schedule 1 the entries amending sections 17 and 27 of the Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1925 and the entries amending the proviso to section 14(2) and sections 15, 16, 17 and 18 of, and paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to, die Medicines, Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1945.

1967 c. 29 The Increase of Fines Act In the Schedule the entries

(N.I.). (Northern Ireland) 1967. relating to sections 15(4) and 16(1A) of the Medicines, Pharmacy and Poisons Act (Northern Ireland) 1945 and Section 32 of the Diseases of Animals Act (Northern Ire-and) 1958.

Ch. 68

1857

Design Copyright Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 68

An Act to amend the law relating to the copyright of the design of certain manufactured articles, and for connected purposes.

[25th October 1968]

Be rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Section 10 of the Copyright Act 1956 (special exception Amendment in respect of industrial designs) shall be amended as follows— of 1956 c- 74-

(a) subsection (1) shall be omitted;

(b) (i) in subsection (2)(6) after the words " offered for sale or hire " there shall be inserted the words " whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere

(ii) subsection (2)(c) shall be omitted;

(c) for subsection (3) there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" (3) Subject to the next following subsection, after the end of the relevant period of 15 years it shall not be an infringement of the copyright in the work to do anything which at the time when it was done would, if a corresponding design had been registered under the Registered Designs Act 1949 (in this section 1949 c. 88, referred to as 4 the Act of 1949 *) immediately before that time, have been within the scope of the copyright in the design as extended to all associated designs and articles.

In this subsection * the relevant period of 15 years * means the period of 15 years beginning with the date on which articles, such as are mentioned in paragraph

1858

Ch. 68

Design Copyright Act 1968

Short title.

(b) of the last preceding subsection, were first sold, let for hire or offered for sale or hire, whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere."

(2) Schedule 1 to that Act (False Registration of Industrial Designs) shall continue to have effect subject to the following amendments—

(a) in paragraph 2 the words " subsection (1) of section ten

of this Act shall not apply, and " shall be omitted;

(b) in paragraph 3 for the last two lines there shall be sub-

stituted the words " this shall be a good defence to such proceedings ".

2. This Act shall be cited as the Desigrf Copyright Act 1968.

Ch. 69

1859

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 69

An Act to make further provision for confining the office of justice of the peace to persons selected for it, and terminating the appointment of stipendiary magistrates under local Acts, and for matters arising thereout, and to forward in other respects the proper discharge of the functions of justices by amending the law as to age limits, payment of allowances, powers and qualifications of justices’ clerks and their assistants and other matters; and for purposes connected therewith.

[25th October 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) below, no person shall be Appointment justice of the peace for any area unless either— oaths

(a) he is appointed by name (and not by office) to be a etc. justice for the area by a commission of the peace for the area; or

(b) he is made a justice of the peace for the area by or under any of the enactments mentioned in Schedule 1 to this Act (which relate to the offices specified in column 2 of the Schedule), and the area is one specified in relation to the enactment in column 3 (which excludes county court judges in London from being justices ex officio unless appointed deputy chairmen of quarter sessions for a period, but otherwise reproduces the effect of those enactments).

(2) The Lord Mayor and aldermen of the City of London shall by virtue of the charter granted by His late Majesty King

1860

Ch. 69

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

1949 c. 101.

1868 c. 72. 1871 c. 48. 1882 c. 50.

George II dated the 25th August 1741 continue to be justices of the peace for the City of London; but notwithstanding anything in the charters of the City or in section 10(1) of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 a commission of the peace may be issued for the City as a county of itself, and—

(a) Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect to regulate the

position as justices in the City of those holding the office by virtue of the charter and under the commission respectively; and

(b) Parts I and III of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have effect

for the adaptation or clarification of the law and other transitional purposes relating to justices of the peace for the City.

(3) A person shall not be required, on becoming a justice of the peace for any area, to take the oath of allegiance and judicial oath in accordance with the Promissory Oaths Act 1868 and the Promissory Oaths Act 1871, if he has at any time done so as justice of the peace for whatever area; and in the Municipal Corporations Act 1882 there shall cease to have effect so much of section 157(2) or 163(4) as requires a borough justice or recorder of a borough to make a declaration before the mayor or two other members of the council.

(4) A person’s appointment as justice of the peace shall not be affected by his promotion to any dignity, not shall proceedings before justices of the peace or process of justices of the peace be affected by the issue of a new commission of the peace or any alteration erf the names of the justices; and the justices of the peace for the time being named in the commission of the peace for any area may proceed in all respects as if they had at all material times been so named.

(5) There shall continue to be in counties a keeper of the rolls for the county appointed by Her Majesty’s letter patent; but the holder of the office need not be a justice of the peace, and shall not by virtue of the office be a member of a magistrates’ courts committee or, in the inner London area, of the committee of magistrates.

(6) Any act which by virtue of section 4(3) of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 may be done by a person as justice of the peace notwithstanding that his name is entered in the supplemental list, that is—

(a) signing any document for the purpose of authenticating

another person’s signature;

(b) taking and authenticating by his signature any written

declaration not made on oath; and

(c) giving a certificate of facts within his knowledge or of

his opinion as to any matter; may, subject to any express provision made to the contrary by any enactment or instrument relating to that act, be done also

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

Ch. 69

1861

by any person who is mayor of any borough (including a borough included in a rural district), chairman of the Greater London Council or chairman of a county council or district council (within the meaning of the Local Government Act 1933). 1933 c. 31.

(7) It is hereby declared that any court of record having a criminal jurisdiction has, as ancillary to that jurisdiction, the power to bind over to keep the peace, and power to bind over to be of good behaviour, a person who or whose case is before the court, by requiring him to enter into his own recognisances or to find sureties or both, and committing him to prison if he does not comply; but there is hereby abolished any power to commit to prison, or to issue warrants of arrest or search warrants, which may have been exercisable at common law by the Sovereign in person, or by the Privy Council, members of the Privy Council or the Secretary of State, whether on their or his own authority or on the special direction of the Sovereign.

(8) A person who at the coming into force of this section holds any office as a stipendiary magistrate not referred to in Schedule 1 to this Act shall continue in office as if he had, on the appropriate petition, been duly appointed under section 29 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949, and references to the council 1949 c. 101. or councils on whose petition he was appointed shall be construed accordingly; but—

(a) Parts II and III of Schedule 3 to this Act shall have

effect to allow the reduction or adjustment of the area for which a magistrate is to continue in office by virtue of this subsection, and for other transitional purposes in connection with this subsection; and

(b) section 29(8) of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 shall cease to have effect in so far as it precludes a stipendiary magistrate appointed under that section from acting as a member of a court of quarter sessions.

2.—(1) Subject to subsections (3) and (4) below, rules made Age for under section 4 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 shall transfer of provide for entering in the supplemental list the names of Justiceto

nerconc supplemental

persons list, or for

(a) who are of the age of seventy years or over and retirement of

neither— stipendiary

(i) on attaining the age of seventy years hold ma8*8trate* or held office as chairman or deputy chairman of a court of quarter sessions or as recorder of a borough;

nor

(ii) hold or have held high judicial office within the meaning of the Appellate Jurisdiction Act 1876; 1876 c. 59. or

(b) who, after attaining the age of seventy years while holding an office mentioned in paragraph (a)(i) above.

1862

Ch. 69

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

1956 c. 34.

1949 c. 101.

Election to chairmanship of bench.

Travelling, subsistence and financial loss

allowances.

no longer hold any such office and who neither hold nor have held high judicial office; or

(c) who are of the age of seventy-five years or over.

(2) A stipendiary magistrate, if appointed after the passing of this Act, shall vacate his office at the end of the completed year of service in the course of which he attains the age of seventy; and accordingly—

(a) in the case of a metropolitan stipendiary magistrate so

appointed section 13(4) of the Criminal Justice Administration Act 1956 shall not apply; and

(b) in the case of any other stipendiary magistrate so

appointed, section 33(1) of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 shall have effect as if in subsection (l)(a) for the words " the age of seventy-two " there were substituted the words " the age of seventy " and as if subsection (2) (under which a magistrate may be authorised to continue in office after the age of seventy-two but not after the age of seventy-five) were omitted.

(3) Subsection (1) above shall not come into force until the year 1969, and as regards that and the three following years shall apply as if the references in paragraphs (a) and (b) to the age of seventy years were references for 1969 to an age of seventy-four years, for 1970 to an age of seventy-three years, for 1971 to an age of seventy-two years and for 1972 to an age of seventy-one years; and if at the beginning of any of those years or of the year 1973 a person is of or over the age relevant for that year to those paragraphs, he shall be treated for purposes of those paragraphs as having held since attaining that age any office mentioned in paragraph (a)(i) which he holds at the beginning of that year.

(4) A person who holds office as chairman of the justices in a petty sessions area on the date when his name falls to be entered in the supplemental list in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this section shall have his name so entered on the expiration or sooner determination of the term for which he holds office on that date.

3. In section 13 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 after subsection (5) there shall be inserted as subsection (5 A)—

" (5A) The right of magistrates to vote at an election of the chairman or a deputy chairman of the justices in a petty sessions area may, by rules made under this section, be restricted with a view to securing that the election is made by magistrates experienced as such in the area.".

4. —41) Section 8(1) to (4) of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 shall be amended in accordance with subsections (2) to (4) below, and shall accordingly have effect (subject to the other provisions of that section) as set out in Schedule 4 to this Act

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

Ch. 69

1863

with the amendments made by this Act and section 31 of the Administration of Justice Act 1964. 1964 c. 42.

(2) In section 8(1) there shall be added at the end the words "and to receive payments at the prescribed rate by way of financial loss allowance where for that purpose there is incurred by him any other expenditure to which he would not otherwise be subject or there is suffered by him any loss of earnings or of benefit under the National Insurance Acts 1965 to 1967 which he would otherwise have made or received *'; and in section 8(3 )(b), as amended by section 31 of the Administration of Justice Act 1964, for the words "a travelling or subsistence allowance " there shall be substituted the words " a payment of the like nature

(3) There shall be omitted section 8 (3) (a) (which, as so amended, excludes payment of subsistence allowances in respect of duties performed not more than three miles from the justice's usual place of residence).

(4) In section 8(4) there shall be omitted the words "at the time when his salary is determined'', and there shall be added at the end the words " nor in any event to a payment by way of financial loss allowance

(5) In section 36 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 (which, 1949*c. 101. as amended by section 31 of the Administration of Justice Act

1964, provides for the payment of travelling and subsistence allowances to members of probation and after-care committees or case committees)—

(a) there shall be added at the end of subsection (1) the same words as under subsection (2) above are to be added to section 8(1); and ib) there shall be omitted subsection (2) (which corresponds to section 8(3)(u)).

(6) There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to this section in the sums which under any other enactment are payable out of moneys so provided.

5.—(1) Rules made in accordance with section 15 of the Justices* Justices of the Peace Act 1949 may, except in so far as anyclcrks* enactment passed after this Act directs otherwise, make provision enabling things authorised to be done by, to or before a single justice of the peace, to be done instead by, to or before a justices’ clerk; and any enactment or rule of law regulating the exercise of any jurisdiction or powers of justices of the peace, or relating to things done in the exercise or purported exercise thereof, shall apply in relation to the exercise or purported exercise thereof by virtue of this subsection by the clerk to any justices as if he were one of those justices.

1864

Ch. 69

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

1949 c. 101.

Provisions applying to Scotland.

1961 c. 43.

(2) The power conferred by section 15 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 to make rules for regulating and prescribing the procedure and practice to be followed by justices* clerks shall, without prejudice to the generality of section 15(1), include power to provide that, subject to any exceptions prescribed by the rules, persons shall not be employed to assist a justices* clerk in any capacity so prescribed, or shall not be permitted to do on behalf of a justices* clerk any such acts as may be so prescribed, unless those persons are qualified (any age limits apart) to be appointed justices* clerk or have such other qualifications as may for any purpose be allowed by the rules.

(3) It is hereby declared that the functions of a justices* clerk include the giving to the justices to whom he is clerk or any of them, at the request of the justices or justice, of advice about law, practice or procedure on questions arising in connection with the discharge out of sessions of their or his functions as justices, including questions arising when the clerk is not personally attending on the justices or justice, and that the clerk may, at any time when he thinks he should do so, bring to the attention of the justices or justice any point of law, practice or procedure that is or may be involved in any question so arising; but the enactment of this subsection shall not be taken as defining or in any respect limiting the powers and duties belonging to a justices* clerk or the matters on which justices may obtain assistance from their clerk.

6.—(1) Section 4 of this Act, except subsection (5). shall have effect in relation to Scotland as well as in relation to England and Wales; but otherwise the foregoing sections of this Act shall not extend to Scotland.

(2) In relation to Scotland section 4 (supplemental list) of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 shall have effect with the substitution in subsection (4) (a) of a reference to seventy years of age for the reference to seventy-five years of age:

Provided that this subsection shall not come into force until the year 1969, and as regards that and the three following years shall apply as if the reference to an age of seventy years were a reference for 1969 to an age of seventy-four years, for 1970 to an age of seventy-three years, for 1971 to an age of seventy-two years and for 1972 to an age of seventy-one years.

(3) The following enactments are hereby repealed in relation to Scotland to the extent mentioned (but only from the coming into force of section 4 above), that is to say—

(a) the Justices of the Peace Act 1949, section 8(3)(a)

and in section 8(4) the words " at the time his salary is determined ’*;

(b) the Public Authorities (Allowances) Act 1961, section 7.

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

Ch. 69

1865

7. —(1) The provisions of section 1 of this Act and Schedules Commence-

1 to 3 shall not come into force until such day as Her Majesty meat, and may by Order in Council appoint, and a different day may be appointed for different provisions or for different purposes of the transitional same provision. matters.

(2) An Order in Council under subsection (1) above may include such provision as appears to Her Majesty to be expedient for supplementing, as regards transitional matters, the provisions of this Act and in particular for avoiding interruption or inconvenience in the administration of justice or the discharge of other functions of justices in consequence of any change made by section 1 in the persons who are to be justices or the area for which any justice is to act; and any provision included in an Order in Council by virtue of this subsection may be varied or revoked by a further Order in Council.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (2) above, an Order in Council may by virtue of that subsection include—

(a) provision as to the effect of process issued, orders made,

appeals brought, cases stated, licences granted and other things done before the time when a provision of this Act comes into force for any purpose, and as to the preservation and custody of writs, processes, records and documents; and

(b) provision for enabling any justice to continue for such

period as may be specified in the order to act in the exercise of a particular jurisdiction or in relation to particular cases as if section 1 of this Act had not been passed, and for any purpose incidental or supplementary thereto.

(4) The provisions of section 4 of this Act shall not come into force until such day as the Secretary of State may by order (to be made by statutory instrument) appoint, and a different day may be appointed for Scotland from the day appointed for England and Wales.

(5) Any statutory instrument containing an Order in Council or order under this section shall be laid before Parliament after being made.

8. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Justices of the Peace Supplemen-

Act 1968. tary.

(2) The enactments specified in Schedule 5 to this Act (which include in Part I certain enactments which are obsolete or redundant apart from this Act) are hereby repealed to the extent specified in column 3 of that Schedule:

Provided that the repeals made by Part II of the Schedule shall extend only to England and Wales and, except as otherwise

1866

Ch. 69

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

specified in Part II, shall have effect from such day as may be appointed by Order in Council under section 7(1) above.

(3) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland, except as regards any repeal made by Part I of Schedule 5 of an enactment which does extend to Northern Ireland and except that there is hereby abolished for Northern Ireland any power to commit to prison or to issue warrants of arrest or search warrants, corresponding to the powers abolished for England and Wales by section 1(7) above.

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

Ch. 69

1867

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 Justices not Appointed by Commission of the Peace

Enactments providing for appointment

Other Office

Area

The Municipal Corporations Act 1882 (c. 50) section 163(3).

Recorder of borough.

The borough.

The Criminal Justice Administration Act 1956 (c. 34) section 4(2).

Recorder of Liverpool or Manchester, while judge of Crown Courts at Liverpool and Manchester.

Lancashire.

The Administration of Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1938 (c. 63) section 1(3).

The Administration of Justice Act 1964 (c. 42)— section 4(3)(a).

section 5(3).

section 10(4)(a).

The Justices of the Peace Act 1949 (c. 101) section 29(2).

The Metropolitan Police Act 1829 (c. 44)

section 1, the Metropolitan Police Act 1839 (c. 47) section 4, and the Metropolitan Police Act 1856 (c. 2) section 2, as amended.

Legally qualified chairman or deputy chairman of county quarter sessions appointed under the section.

Whole-time chairman or deputy chairman of quarter sessions in London.

County court judge in London.

Metropolitan stipendiary magistrate.

Stipendiary magistrate outside London.

The Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis.

The comity in which the court of quarter sessions has jurisdiction.

Any London commission area.

Any London commission area for which he has been appointed for a period to act as deputy chairman of quarter sessions.

Any London commission area, Essex, Hertfordshire, Kent and Surrey.

Any county, or borough having a separate commission of the peace, which includes the magistrate’s area or any part of it.

Any London commission area, Surrey, Hertfordshire, Essex, Kent, Berkshire and Buckinghamshire.

Sections 1 and 7.

1868

Ch. 69

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

Sections 1 and 7.

1949 c. 101.

Sections 1 and 7.

SCHEDULE 2 Justices of the Peace in the City of London

1. The persons holding office as justice of the peace for the City of London shall constitute a single body of justices, without distinction between those holding office by virtue of the charter and those appointed by the commission of the peace, and the powers and jurisdiction of the Lord Mayor and aldermen as justices by virtue of the charter shall be the same in all respects as those of justices appointed by the commission.

2. —(1) Subject to paragraph 4 below, the Lord Mayor for the time being shall be chairman of the justices, with the style of Chief Magistrate, instead of a chairman being elected under section 13(2) of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949; and the aldermen who have been Lord Mayor and are not disqualified for the office of deputy chairman (or, if there are more than eight such aldermen, the eight who were last Lord Mayor) shall be deputy chairmen in addition to any deputy chairmen elected under section 13(2).

(2) Section 13(3) and (4) of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 shall apply to any Lord Mayor or alderman as chairman or deputy chairman of the justices as they apply to a chairman or deputy chairman elected under section 13(2).

3. Section 4 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 (which provides for the entry in the supplemental list kept in connection with a commission of the peace of the names of certain persons appointed justices by the commission) shall in the City of London apply to persons holding office by virtue of the charter as it is to apply to those appointed by the commission of the peace; and accordingly paragraph 2(1) above shall not apply to any Lord Mayor or alderman whose name is entered in the supplemental list.

4. In the event of a Lord Mayor being disqualified for the chairmanship of the justices, then during his mayoralty the senior of the aldermen designated as deputy chairmen in paragraph 2(1) above shall, instead of being a deputy chairman, be chairman of the justices as acting Chief Magistrate; but section 2(4) of this Act shall apply in relation to the Lord Mayor as Chief Magistrate and to any acting Chief Magistrate as it applies to chairmen elected under section 13 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949.

SCHEDULE 3

Supplementary Provisions as to City of London and Local Act Stipendiaries

Part I

Principal Provisions as to City of London General

1. In this Part of this Schedule and in Part III—

(a) " the City " means the City of London; and

Justices of the Peace Act

Ch. 69

1869

(b) " the Corporation " means the Corporation of the City, and Sen. 3 except in so far as the context otherwise requires references to the Corporation are references to the Corporation acting through the Common Council.

2. —(1) Section 1 of this Act shall not be taken as constituting new courts for the City, and the jurisdiction and powers of the justices of the peace holding office as provided by that section shall be in continuation of those belonging to the justices appointed by the charters of the City; and section 1(4) of this Act shall apply in relation to the first commission of the peace issued for the City as it applies where a new commission of the peace supersedes an existing commission.

(2) Accordingly the justices for the City shall continue as heretofore to have power, notwithstanding anything in any enactment, to commit a person for trial at the Central Criminal Court for an offence triable at quarter sessions.

3. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Schedule, in any enactment relating to justices of the peace, quarter sessions, magistrates’ courts, the clerk of the peace, justices’ clerks or matters connected therewith,—

(a) any reference to a county or to county justices shall be

taken to include the City or justices for the City, notwithstanding that the reference was heretofore a reference to an administrative county or to justices for an administrative county; and

(b) any reference to a county council shall be taken to include the Corporation, and references to a county fund shall be taken to include the general rate fund of the City.

Savings and amendments for particular matters

4. —(1) Paragraph 3 above shall not affect—

(a) the appointment of the clerk of the peace (which shall in the City continue to belong to the Corporation); or

(b) the fund required to bear payments made under or in

accordance with the Costs in Criminal Cases Act 1952 1952 c. 48. or payments to which sections 8(1) and 11(1) of that Act are applied by any enactment (which fund, except as provided by any such enactment, shall in relation to the City continue to be the general fund of the Greater London Council).

(2) As regards the clerk of the peace in the City, the following provisions of the Local Government (Clerks) Act 1931, namely, 1931 c. 45. sections 3, 4(5) and (7) and 5(2) and (3) shall apply in accordance with paragraph 3 above, as they apply in relation to a clerk of the peace who is not clerk of the county council, but the remaining provisions of that Act shall not be taken as applying; and section 83(4) of the Local Government Act 1888 shall apply in relation 1888 c. 41. to a deputy clerk of the peace as it applies in the case of an administrative county (any appointment thereunder being made

1870

Sch. 3 1931 c. 45.

1907 c. cxI.

1962 c. 15.

1967 c. 80. 1949 c. 101.

1839 c. xciv.

1948 c. 58.

Ch. 69 Justices of the Peace Act 1968

by the Corporation) and in relation to a deputy clerk of the peace appointed thereunder section 7(2) of the Local Government (Clerks) Act 1931 shall apply in accordance with paragraph 3 above:

Provided that the salary of the clerk of the peace, and that of any deputy clerk of the peace so appointed, may be paid out of the poor rates as provided by section 18(2) of the City of London (Union of Parishes) Act 1907 for the expenses of the office of the clerk of the peace, and accordingly any such fees and costs payable to the clerk of the peace as in accordance with paragraph 3 above would be required by section 3(3) of the Local Government (Clerks) Act 1931 to be paid to the general rate fund shall be applicable instead in aid of the poor rates.

(3) As regards costs in criminal proceedings, section 18 of the Criminal Justice Administration Act 1962 shall be amended by the insertion after subsection (5) of a new subsection (5A)—

"(5A) In subsections (2) and (5) of this section references to a county, and to justices for a county or the council of a county, shall have effect as if Greater London were a county, the Greater London Council a county council and justices for any part of Greater London justices for the whole of it ";

and in section 81(l)(fi) of the Criminal Justice Act 1967 for the words " a London commission area " there shall be substituted the words "any part of Greater London".

(4) In section 16 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949, as it has effect in relation to the City by virtue of paragraph 3 above, the proviso to subsection (2) (which provides for the establishment of a single magistrates’ courts committee for a joint committee area extending beyond a single county or county borough) shall not apply in relation to the City; nor shall paragraph 3 above authorise the making of an order under section 18 of that Act for the division of the City into petty sessional divisions.

5. In the City of London Police Act 1839 for the definition of "justice " in section 2 (by which the word is defined to mean the Lord Mayor or any alderman or the recorder of the City) there shall be substituted—

"‘justice’ means a justice of the peace for the City of London

6. In the City of London (Union of Parishes) Act 1907, in section 26 (under which the jury list prepared by the Secondary is to be examined and certified by justices of the City in special sessions) for the words " justices of the said City in special sessions " there shall be substituted the words "the court of the mayor and aldermen in the inner chamber or a committee of that court".

7. In the Criminal Justice Act 1948, in section 37(5) (which provides for the exercise by the persons mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (c) of the power of quarter sessions under subsection (l)(h) to release an appellant from custody), there shall be substituted for paragraphs (a) to (c): —

"(a) in the case of quarter sessions for a borough, by the recorder or any deputy recorder;

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

Ch. 69

1871

(b) in the case of quarter sessions for a London commission Sch. 3 area, by any person who is a legally qualified chairman

of the court for the purposes of section 7 of the Administra- 1964 c. 42. tion of Justice Act 1964;

(c) in the case of any other quarter sessions by the chairman

or a deputy chairman of the quarter sessions’*.

8. In the Magistrates* Courts Act 1952 for section 118(4) there 1952 c. 55. shall be substituted—

" (4) Subsections (1) and (2) of this section shall apply to the justices* clerks for the inner London area as if the reference in subsection (2) to the magistrates* courts committee were a reference to the committee of magistrates, but subsection (3) shall not apply in relation to that area.’*.

Transitional

9. —(1) Without prejudice to the operation of section 37 of the Interpretation Act 1889, if Her Majesty is pleased, before the time 1889 c. 63. when by virtue of section 1 of this Act persons appointed by a commission of the peace are to take office as justices of the peace for

the City, to issue a commission of the peace appointing persons to be justices for the City from that time, then die persons designated as justices by the commission shall be deemed to be justices of the peace for the City for all purposes connected with the establishment of a magistrates* courts committee for the City and the making of arrangements (by that committee or otherwise) for the exercise from that time of the jurisdiction and powers of justices for the City.

(2) If a commission of the peace is so issued, then the justices for the City shall proceed with all convenient speed to the establishment in accordance with this paragraph of a magistrates* courts committee for the City, and for that purpose anything required in accordance

with Schedule 4 to the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 to be done in 1949 c. 101. quarter sessions may be done at any meeting of those justices summoned in accordance with such general or special directions (if any) as may be given by the Secretary of State.

(3) A person may act by virtue of this paragraph before he has taken the oaths required by law as a justice of the peace.

10. —(1) At the time from which persons are first appointed justices of the peace for the City by a commission of the peace in accordance with section 1 of this Act,—

(a) any person then holding office as clerk at either of the justice rooms of the City shall become clerk to the justices for the City as if he had been duly appointed by the magistrates* courts committee; and

(b) any person then employed whole-time to assist either or both of the clerks in the performance of the duties of his clerkship shall be transferred to the employment of the magistrates* courts committee for the City.

(2) Part I of Schedule 3 to the Local Government Superannuation 1953 c. 25. Act 1953 shall apply to a person becoming justices* clerk in the City by virtue of sub-paragraph (1) above as if he had been duly

30

1872

Ch. 69

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

Sch. 3 appointed by the magistrates* courts committee; and any regulations made in relation to the City under paragraph 6 of that Schedule (which provides for the modification of local Act schemes in their application to justices* clerks and their staffs) may include transitional provisions for the benefit of the persons mentioned in sub-paragraph (l)(fl) and (b) above.

Part n

Principal Provisions as to Local Act Stipendiaries

11. —(1) Where under section 1(8) of this Act a person holding office as stipendiary magistrate of any area is to continue in office as if

1949 c. 101. appointed under section 29 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949, the Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument direct that he shall continue in office for such reduced area as may be specified in the order (being an area for which a new appointment could be made on petition under section 29) or may, for the purpose of adjusting any magistrate’s area to the requirements of section 29, make such other transitional provision as appears to the Secretary of State expedient.

(2) Where there is a reduction under this paragraph in the duties of a stipendiary magistrate, section 32(3) of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 shall not apply to prevent a reduction in the salary of the magistrate if it appears to the Lord Chancellor that the magistrate’s consent to the reduction in his salary is unreasonably withheld, having regard to the reduction in his duties and any payment to be made to him by way of compensation for the reduction in salary.

12. —(1) Where under section 1(8) of this Act a person holding office as stipendiary magistrate continues in office as if appointed on the joint petition of two or more councils, his salary shall be borne by those councils in the proportions, until otherwise agreed between them, in which his salary would have been borne by them or their areas if he had continued to hold office under the enactments applying to him immediately before the appointed day (that is to say, the day appointed under section 7(1) of this Act).

(2) If in the case of any magistrate the councils referred to in sub-paragraph (1) above include both a borough council and the council of a county comprising the borough, the borough shall be treated for purposes of that sub-paragraph as not forming part of the county.

13. —(1) The person holding office at the appointed day as clerk 1899 c.xc. to the magistrate under the South Staffordshire Stipendiary Justice

Act 1899, or as clerk to the magistrate under the Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Acts 1839 to 1895, and any person then employed whole-time to assist either of the clerks in the performance of the duties of his clerkship, shall be transferred to the employment of the magistrates* courts committee in such capacity and on such terms as the committee, with the approval of the Secretary of State, may determine.

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

Ch. 69

(2) In sub-paragraph (1) above "the magistrates' courts com- Sch. 3 mittee " means the committee for the relevant county or county borough, and for this purpose the relevant county or county borough

is that of which the council becomes liable under section 29 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 for the magistrate's salary or, if 1949 c. 101. there is more than one, such one of them as the Secretary of State may determine.

(3) A person transferred by sub-paragraph (1) above to the employment of a magistrates’ courts committee may at any time within six months from the appointed day be transferred by that committee, with the agreement of any other magistrates' courts committee and of that person, to the employment of the other magistrates' courts committee.

(4) For purposes of the Local Government Superannuation Act 1937 c. 68. 1937 on a person’s transfer by virtue of this paragraph to the employment of a magistrates' courts committee the employment from

which he is transferred shall be treated as having been employment by that committee; but this shall not affect the operation of section 29 of that Act (payment of transfer values).

14. The Secretary of State may by statutory instrument make regulations containing such provision as appears to him to be necessary or expedient for winding-up the affairs of the South Staffordshire Stipendiary Justice Commissioners or of the Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Commissioners, and for the transfer and (if need be) apportionment of their property and liabilities, and with respect to the making and revision of any equitable adjustment between county and county borough councils in connection therewith.

Part m

Protection of Officers and Employees

IS.—(1) Every transferred officer or employee, so long as he continues in the employment of the magistrates' courts committee by virtue of the transfer, shall enjoy terms and conditions of employment not less favourable than those he enjoyed immediately before the appointed day (that is to say, the day appointed under section 7(1) of this Act), except as regards the scale of his salary or remuneration if on the transfer or afterwards he ceases to be engaged in duties reasonably comparable to those in which he was engaged immediately before the appointed day; and in the event of his ceasing to be so engaged, this sub-paragraph shall nevertheless apply to the scale of his salary or remuneration equally with the other terms and conditions of his employment so long as he has not been served with a statement in writing of new terms and conditions of employment.

(2) A written statement given in accordance with section 4 of the Contracts of Employment Act 1963 shall not be regarded as a state- 1963 c. 49. ment of new terms and conditions of employment for the purposes of sub-paragraph (1) above unless the statement indicates that it is to be.

302

1874

Ch. 69

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

Sch. 3

1899 c. xc.

Section 4.

(3) In this paragraph *' transferred officer or employee " means a person transferred to the employment of a magistrates' courts committee by virtue of paragraph 10(1) or of paragraph 13(1) or (3) above, and this paragraph shall apply to a person becoming justices’ clerk in the City by virtue of paragraph 10(lXa) as if in that capacity he were employed by the magistrates’ courts committee.

16.—(1) The Secretary of State shall by statutory instrument make regulations providing, subject to any exceptions or conditions provided for by the regulations, for the payment of compensation to individuals suffering any loss of office or employment, or loss or diminution of emoluments, which is attributable to the operation of section 1 of this Act in relation to the City or in relation to the South Staffordshire Stipendiary Justice Act 1899 or the Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Acts 1839 to 1895.

(2) The regulations shall not apply to any person unless at the appointed day—

(a) he is the holder of an office or employment in respect of which he is paid a salary by the Corporation or by the South Staffordshire Stipendiary Justice Commissioners or the Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Commissioners; or

(b) he is employed by the holder of such an office or employment to assist him in the performance of the duties of that office or employment

(3) The compensation payable under the regulations shall be paid by such county or borough council or councils and, if by more than one council, in such shares as may be prescribed by the regulations or, as regards the City, by the Corporation.

(4) The regulations may include provision as to the manner in which, and the persons to whom, any claim for compensation thereunder is to be made and for the determination of questions arising thereunder.

SCHEDULE 4

Section 8(1) to (4) of Justices of the Peace Act 1949, as amended

8.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a justice of the peace shall be entitled to receive payments at the prescribed rates by way of travelling allowance or subsistence allowance where expenditure on travelling or, as the case may be, on subsistence is necessarily incurred by him for the purpose of enabling him to perform any of his duties as a justice, and to receive payments at the prescribed rate by way of financial loss allowance where for that purpose there is incurred by him any other expenditure to which he would not otherwise be subject or there is suffered by him any loss of earnings or of benefit under the National Insurance Acts 1965 to 1967 which he would otherwise have made or received.

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

Ch. 69

1875

(2) For the purposes of this section, a justice following a course of instruction under a scheme made in accordance with arrangements approved by the Lord Chancellor shall be deemed to be acting in the performance of his duties as a justice.

(3) A justice shall not be entitled to any payment under this section in respect of any duties—

(b) if in respect of those duties a payment of the like nature may be paid to him under arrangements made apart from this section or regulations provide that this section shall not apply.

(4) A stipendiary magistrate or recorder shall not be entitled to any payment under this section in respect of his duties as such, and a paid chairman or paid deputy chairman of quarter sessions shall also not be entitled as aforesaid except in so far as may be agreed between the court of quarter sessions and the authority paying his salary, nor in any event to a payment by way of financial loss allowance.

SCHEDULE 5 Enactments Repealed Part I

Repeals of unnecessary enactments

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

27 Hen. 8. c. 24. The Jurisdiction in liberties Act 1535. The whole Act, so far as not otherwise repealed, but so that the repeal of section 3 shall not affect the form to be taken by the process of any court.

16 Chas. 1. c. 10. The Habeas Corpus Act 1640. The whole Act, so far as not otherwise repealed.

1 Will.&Mary c. 21. 1 Anne c. 2. The Great Seal Act 1688. The Demise of the Crown Act 1702. Section 2. Section 5, so far as unrepealed.

17 Geo. 2. c. 40. The Universities (Wine Licences) Act 1743. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, except, in section 11, the words— " Within the university of Cambridge and the precincts thereof no person shall sell wine by retail unless such person shall be duly licensed so to do by the university *.

10 Geo. 4. c. 44. The Metropolitan Police Act 1829. In section 1 the words " and of all liberties therein " in both places, the words " and the liberties therein " and the words " and for all liberties therein 303

Sch. 4

Section 8.

1876

Ch. 69

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

Sch. 5

19 & 20 Vict, c. 2.

32 & 33 Vict.

c. 47.

39 & 40 Vict, c. 59.

51 & 52 Vict, c. 41.

6 Edw. 7. c. 16.

21 & 22 Geo. 5. c. 45.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. xxix.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. xliv.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 34.

The Metropolitan Police Act 1839.

The Metropolitan Police Act 1856.

The High Constables Act 1869.

The Appellate Jurisdiction Act 1876.

The Local Government Act 1888.

The Justices of the Peace Act 1906.

The Local Government (Clerks) Act 1931.

The Cheshire and Lancashire County Councils (Runcom-Widnes Bridge etc.) Act 1947.

The Justices of the Peace Act 1949.

The Bradford Corporation Act 1949.

The Criminal Justice Administration Act 1956.

In section 4 the words " although they may not be qualified by estate

In section 2 the words " and of all liberties therein ", and the words from " and for all liberties" to "for counties

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

In section 25, in the definition of "high judicial office" the words "or of paid Judge of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council ".

Section 41(1), (2) and (8).

Section 42(13).

Section 67.

Section 1.

Section 3, but only in relation to England and Wales.

Section 1 from "but" onwards.

Section 3(1) proviso and section 3(4).

Section4(5) from "as respects" onwards, and section 4(7) from the beginning to the word "and ".

Section 82.

Section 4(6), and in relation to England and Wales section 4(7) and (10). Section 25(5).

Section 83.

In Schedule 2, paragraph 7.

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

2 & 3 Vict, c. 47.

Part II

Consequential Repeals

Chapter Title or Short Title Extent of Repeal

11 Hen. 6. — The whole chapter.

c.6. 27 Hen. 8. The Jurisdiction in Liberties Section 19, so far as un-

c. 24. Act 1535. repealed.

37 Hen. 8. The Custos Rotulorum Act The whole Act, so far as

c. 1. 1545. unrepealed.

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

Ch. 69

1877

Chapter Title or Short Title Extent of Repeal

1 Edw. 6. c. 7. The Justices of the Peace Act 1547. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

3 Chas. 1. c. 1. The Petition of Right. Sections 3 to 5 and in section 8 the words from "And that no" to "detained ".

16 Chas. 1. c. 10. The Habeas Corpus Act 1640. Section 6.

1 Will. & Mary The Great Seal Act 1688. Section 3.

c. 21.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 19. The Durham (County Palatine) Act 1836. Section 3.

2 & 3 Vict. The Staffordshire Potteries The whole Act, so far as

c. 15. Stipendiary Justice Act 1839. unrepealed.

2 & 3 Vict, c. xciv. The City of London Police Act 1839. Section 6.

6 & 7 Vict. An Act to provide for the The whole Act, so far as

c. xliv. more effectual execution of the office of the justice of the peace within the parish of Merthyr Tydfil and certain adjoining unrepealed.

11 & 12 Vict, c. 42. parishes. The Indictable Offences Act 1848. Section 30.

24 & 25 Vict. The Larceny Act 1861. Section 117.

c. 96.

24 & 25 Vict. q.91. The Malicious Damage Act 1861. Section 73.

24 & 25 Vict. The Forgery Act 1861. Section 51.

c. 98.

24 & 25 Vict, c. 100. The Offences against the Person Act 1861. Section 71.

28 & 29 Vict, c. 124. The Admiralty Powers, &c. Act 1865. Section 5.

31 & 32 Vict. An Act to extend the limits The whole Act, so far as

c. xxxvi. of the Act for appointing a stipendiary justice of the peace for the parish of Merthyr Tydfil and adjoining places; and for other purposes. unrepealed.

34 & 35 Vict. The Staffordshire Potteries The whole Act, so far as

c. xc. Stipendiary Justice Act 1871. unrepealed.

37 & 38 Vict. The County of Hertford In section 5 the words " and

c. 45. and Liberty of St. Albans Act 1874. custos rotulorum ", and the words "or the office of custos rotulorum ".

41 & 42 Vict. The Manchester Division The whole Act, so far as

c. lv. and Borough of Salford (Stipendiary Justices) Act 1878. unrepealed. 304

1878

Ch . 69

Justices of the Peace Act

Chapter

Title or Short Title

Extent of Repeal

Sea. 5

45 & 46 Vict, c. 50.

49 & 50 Vict.

c. 31.

51 & 52 Vict, c. 41.

52 & 53 Vict, c. 63.

57 & 58 Vict, c. xxvii.

58 & 59 Vict, c. evii.

62 & 63 Vict, c. xc.

6Edw. 7. c. 16.

7 Edw. 7. c. cxxviii.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 27.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 50.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. lxxxvi.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. ciii.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. cvi.

17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. lxxxvi.

20 & 21 Geo. 5.

c. cxx. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. cxxv.

The Municipal Corporations Act 1882.

The Oxford University (Justices) Act 1886.

The Local Government Act 1888.

The Interpretation Act 1889.

The Merthyr Tydfil Stipendiary Justice Act 1894.

The Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Act 1895.

The South Staffordshire Stipendiary Justice Act 1899.

The Justices of the Peace Act 1906.

The Merthyr Tydfil Stipendiary Justice Act 1907.

The Forgery Act 1913.

The Larceny Act 1916.

The Pontypridd Stipendiary Magistrate Act 1920.

The Ministry of Health Provisional Order Confirmation (Stoke-on-Trent Extension) Act 1921.

The Wolverhampton Cor. poration Act 1926.

The West Bromwich Cor-ration Act 1927.

West Bromwich Corporation Act 1930.

The Wednesbury Corporation Act 1930.

Section 157(2) from "and made " onwards.

Section 163(4) from "and made " onwards.

In section 168(2) the words " the making of a declaration as in the Eighth Schedule".

Sections 239, 240 and 249.

Schedule 8, so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act.

Section 78(2) from "but" onwards.

In section 100, the definition of "quarter sessions " from " or for " onwards.

In section 13(12) the words from "the Lord Mayor" to " that dty, and

In section 13(13) the words from "the Lord Mayor" to " that city, or ".

The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

Section 4 except in relation to the City of London.

The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

Section 12, so far as unrepealed.

Section 37(5), so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

In the Schedule, Article 16.

Section 19. Section 18. Section 20. Section 23.

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

Ch. 69

1879

Chapter

Title or Short Title

Extent of Repeal

20 & 21 Geo. 5.

c. dxx.

22 & 23 Geo. 5.

C.XC.

23*24 Geo. 5. c. 51.

The Walsall Corporation Act 1930.

The Wolverhampton Corporation Act 1932.

The Local Government Act 1933.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 16.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. cxi.

The Coinage Offences Act 1936.

The Wolverhampton Corporation Act 1936.

Section 14.

Section 15.

Section 3(5).

Section 5(3) from " except " onwards.

Section 18(7), (8) and (10).

Section 20(3) from "and* onwards.

Section 33(5).

Section 34(2) from " except * onwards.

Section 12(2) and (3).

Section 101, so far as unre> pealed.

11 *12 Geo. 6.

c. 58.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101.

The Criminal Justice Act 1948.

The Justices of the Peace Act 1949.

Section 45(2Xc) and (3).

In section 1(3) the words " Subject to the next following subsection*, and section 1(4).

Section 2.

In section 4, subsection (4Xa) (from the beginning of the year 1969), and subsection (8).

In section 8, subsection (3Xa) and in subsection (4) the words " at the time his salary is determined* (from the coming into force of section 4 of this Act).

Section 8(5Xo)>

Section 11, so far as unrepealed.

Section 13(3) from "and* onwards.

Section 15(10).

In section 20(4), in paragraph (a) the words from " clerk to a stipendiary magistrate* to "aforesaid and* and the last "or*, and paragraph (6), but not as respects qualification by service before the coming into force of this repeaL Section 21(7).

Section 25(6).

Sch. 5

3 0*

1880

Ch. 69

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

Chapter

Title or Short Title

Extent of Repeal

Sch. 5

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101—cont.

IS & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2.

c. xxvii.

4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 34.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 27.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 22.

The Justices of the Peace Act 1949—cont.

The Magistrates* Courts Act 1952.

The City of London (Various Powers) Act 1954. The Criminal Justice Ad* ministration Act 1956.

The Solicitors Act 1957.

The County Courts Act 1959.

In section 27(10), in paragraph (c) the words from " to a stipendiary magistrate* to "and a clerk*’, in paragraph (d) the words " the Corporation of the City of London * and the words from "and* onwards, and paragraph (e).

In section 29(8) the words from " act as * to " nor *’.

Section 30.

Section 31(1) and (4).

Section 33(2), from the passing of this Act (but not as respects a magistrate appointed before that time).

Section 36(2) (from the coming into force of section 4 of this Act).

In section 44(1), in the definition of "county justice *, the words " a justice for the City of London or *.

Schedule 1.

In Schedule 2, paragraph 19.

In Schedule 4, in paragraph 1(1) the words " Subject to the next following sub-paragraph ", and paragraph 1(2).

Schedule 6.

In section 118(3) the words from " appointed * to " 1949 "t

Section 120(1).

Section 121(1X«) and (3).

In section 126(1), in the definition of "county * (as amended) the words * the City of London and *.

Section 19.

Section 13(4) from the passing of this Act (but not as respects a magistrate appointed before that time).

In Schedule 2, paragraph 6.

In section 33, subsection (2X6) except in relation to the City of London and subsection (3).

Section 11.

Justices of the Peace Act 1968

Ch. 69

1881

Chapter

Title or Short Title

Extent of Repeal

9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 43.

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c.15.

1963 c. 33.

1964 c. 26.

1964 c. 42.

The Public Authorities (Allowances) Act 1961.

The Criminal Justice Administration Act 1962.

The London Government Act 1963.

The Licensing Act 1964.

The Administration of Justice Act 1964.

Section 7 (from the coming into force of section 4 of this Act).

Section 10(1) from "and* onwards, and in section 10(2) the words " or, as the case may be, the Court *.

Section 11(2).

In Schedule 4, paragraph 5.

Section 21(3) from " In this * onwards.

In section 57(1) the words " Subject to the following provisions of this section *, and section 57(3).

Section 5(3) from " and section 11 * onwards.

In section 13(2) the words " The custos rotulorum for the inner London area* and the words "for that area*.

In section 27(5) the words "a clerk to a stipendiary magistrate *.

Section 30(3) and (4).

Section 33.

1965 c. 28.

1967 c. 58.

The Justices of the Peace Act 1965.

The Criminal Law Act 1967.

In Schedule 3, in paragraph 11 the word "and *; paragraph 12(2); in paragraph 14(1) the words "3(1), 4 and*; paragraph 15; paragraph 19(1); in paragraph 22, in sub-paragraph (3) the words from " or * to " City *, sub-paragraph (4) and in sub-paragraph (5) the words "the City of London and*; paragraph 24; and paragraph 28(3).

Section 1(2), but not as respects qualification by service before the coming into force of this repeal

Section 7(4).

Sch. 5

3 O* 2

Ch. 70

1883

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) (Scotland)

Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 70

An Act to amend the law of Scotland relating to succession to the property of deceased persons in cases of illegitimacy; to confer on illegitimate persons in Scotland the right to legitim out of their deceased parents’ estates; to amend the law of Scotland with respect to the construction of certain provisions made by deed or otherwise; to extend die provisions of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964 to tenancies of crofts; to amend the law of evidence in civil proceedings in Scotland; to re-enact, with amendments, the provisions of certain enactments relating to the duration of liferents in Scotland; to amend section 15(1) of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964; further to amend the law of Scotland relating to prorogation of the jurisdiction of the sheriff court; to remove a restriction on the extent of land in Scotland which a trade union may purchase or take upon lease and otherwise deal with; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[25th October 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Succession, Construction of Deeds, Etc., in Cases of Illegitimacy

Rights in estates of deceased persons in cases of illegitimacy

1. For section 4 (succession in cases of illegitimacy) of the Intestate Succession (Scotland) Act 1964 (hereafter in this Part of this Act succession in referred to as " the Act of 1964 ") there shall, in relation to the jje^timacy.

3 0* 3 1964 c. 41.

1884

Ch. 70

Law Reform {Miscellaneous Provisions)

(Scotland) Act 1968

Part I

Right of illegitimate children to legitim.

Consequential modification of Succession (Scotland)

Act 1964.

estate of any person dying after the commencement of this Act, be substituted the following section:—

"Succession 4.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in section 2 of

in cases of this Act, where a person dies intestate and is survived acy. illegitimate children, those illegitimate children and the legitimate children (if any) of the intestate shall together have right to the whole of the intestate estate.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the said section 2, where an illegitimate person dies intestate and is not survived by any issue within the meaning of this Act or by any person entitled to succeed to the intestate estate by virtue of subsection (1) of this section or of that subsection as read with section 5 of this Act, but is survived by either of, or both, his parents, the surviving parent or parents shall have right to the whole of the intestate estate.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2) of this section an illegitimate person shall be presumed not to be survived by his father unless the contrary is shown.

(4) Except so far as otherwise provided in this section, or in this section as read with section 5 of this Act, nothing in this Part of this Act shall be construed as importing any rule of succession through illegitimate relationship.".

2. The following section shall be inserted in the Act of 1964 after section 10 thereof and shall have effect in relation to the estate of any person dying after the commencement of this Act: —

" Right of illegitimate children to legitim.

10A. The illegitimate children of any person who dies shall have the like right to legitim out of that person’s estate as they would have had, according to the law in force immediately before the commencement of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968, if they had been born legitimate, and any enactment (including any enactment contained in this Act), and any rule of law, in force immediately before such commencement which has effect in relation *to legitim shall apply accordingly.".

3. In relation to the estate of any person dying after the commencement of this Act, the Act of 1964 shall have effect subject to the modifications specified in Schedule 1 to this Act, being modifications consequential on the provisions of sections 1 and 2 of this Act.

Law Reform (Miscellaneou Provisions)

(Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 70

1885

4. —(1) Where a person dying after the commencement of partI

this Act (hereafter in this section referred to as " the deceased ") Amendment is survived by an illegitimate child, there shall be available to of law with or in respect of that child the like right to aliment— respect to

(a) out of the deceased’s estate, megitimate

(b) from any person who has received property which was childto

comprised in that estate, to the extent that that person doth

was enriched by receiving that property, p

in respect of any period after the death of the deceased as would have been available if the child had been bom legitimate; and in respect of any such period neither the deceased’s estate nor any person (other than the child’s other parent) who has received property as aforesaid shall be liable for the payment of any sum in respect of the aliment of the child (whether under a decree of a court or otherwise) except by virtue of this subsection or (subject to subsection (2) of this section) of an agreement which provides for the payment of such a sum.

(2) Where at the date of the deceased's death there is subsisting an agreement entered into before the commencement of this Act in which provision is made for the payment of any sum in respect of the aliment of an illegitimate child of the deceased, and in terms of that agreement any such sum falls to be paid in respect of a period after the death of the deceased, the court, on the application of any person appearing to them to be interested, and after giving to other persons appearing to them to be interested an opportunity of being heard, may if they think fit make such order—

(a) varying the terms of the said agreement, so far as it

provides for the payment of such a sum in respect of any such period, or

(b) directing that the agreement, so far as it so provides,

shall cease to have effect,

as may appear to them, having regard to the foregoing provisions of this Act and to all the other circumstances of the case, to be just and equitable; and the court may make such order either unconditionally or subject to such conditions as they may think just.

(3) In this section " court " means either the Court of Session or the sheriff.

Construction of deeds.

5. —(1) In deducing any relationship for the purpose of ascer- Construction taining the person or persons entitled to benefit under a provision of references contained in any deed, persons shall, unless the contrary intention *° rc!?^?nship appears, be taken to be or, as the case may be, to have been, circumstances

3 0*4

1886

Ch. 70 Law Reform ( M Provisions)

CScotland) Act 1968

Part I related to each other notwithstanding that the relationship existing between them is or was an illegitimate one only; and any rule of law to the contrary shall cease to have effect.

(2) In this section—

(a) "deed" includes any disposition, contract, instrument

or writing whether inter vivos or mortis causa,

(b) " relationship " includes relationship of the whole and

of the half blood, and relationship by affinity, and " related " shall be construed accordingly.

(3) This section shall apply only in relation to deeds executed after the commencement of this Act, and in the case of a deed made in the exercise of a special power of appointment shall apply only where the deed creating the power is executed after such commencement

(4) This section shall apply in relation to a provision made after the commencement of this Act otherwise than by deed as it applies in relation to a provision made in a deed.

(5) Nothing in this section shall—

(a) affect the construction of any enactment, or

(b) apply in relation to the succession to or devolution of any title, coat of arms, honour or dignity, and where the terms of any deed provide that any property or interest in property shall devolve along with a title, honour or dignity, nothing in this section shall prevent that property or interest from so devolving.

6.—(1) Where in the construction of any deed either—

(a) the principle known as conditio si institutus sine liberis decesserit (in accordance with which the issue of a deceased person may in certain circumstances become entitled to the rights under a deed to which the deceased person would have become entitled if he had not died), or

(b) the principle of accretion (in accordance with which, if provision is made in any deed in favour of a number of persons jointly, the share in that provision of any one of those persons may in certain circumstances accresce on his death to the other person or persons in whose favour the provision was made),

would apply for the benefit of any person if it were not for the fact that that or any other person is or was illegitimate, then, unless the contrary intention appears, that principle shall nevertheless apply for the construction of the deed as if the illegitimate person were or had been bom legitimate.

Application of certain presumptions in cases of illegitimacy.

Law Reform {Miscellaneous Provisions) Ch. 70 1887

(Scotland) Act 1968

(2) The application in relation to any testamentary writing Part I of the principle known as conditio si testator sine liberis decesserit

(in accordance with which a testamentary writing may in certain circumstances be held to be revoked by the birth of a child to the testator after the execution of the testamentary writing) shall not be excluded by reason only of the fact that any child bom to the testator after the execution of the testamentary writing is or was illegitimate.

(3) Subsection (2)(a) and subsections (3) to (5) of section 5 of this Act shall apply for the purposes of this section as they apply for the purposes of that section.

Protection of trustees and executors

7. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of Protection of this Act, a trustee or an executor may distribute any property trustees and vested in him as such trustee or executor, or may make any executors* payment out of any such property, without having ascertained—

(a) that no illegitimate person exists who is or may be

entitled to an interest in that property or payment in consequence of any of the said provisions, and

(b) that no illegitimate person exists or has existed, the fact

of whose existence is, in consequence of any of the said provisions, relevant to the ascertainment of the persons entitled to an interest in that property or payment,

and such trustee or executor shall not be personally liable to any person so entitled of whose claim he has not had notice at the time of the distribution or payment; but (without prejudice to section 17 of the Act of 1964) nothing in this section shall affect any right of any person so entitled to recover the property, or any property representing it, or the payment, from any person who may have received that property or payment.

Part II

Application of Succession (Scotland) Act 1964 to Tenancies of Crofts

8. The

shall—

(a)

(b)

provisions of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964 Application

of Succession (Scotland)

apply to the tenancy of any croft within the meaning Act 1964 to of section 3(1) of the Crofters (Scotland) Act 1955, and ^croftf

have effect in relation to the succession to, and devolu- 1964 c. 41. tion of, any such tenancy, 1955 c. 21.

1888

Ch. 70

Law Reform ( Miscellaneou Provisions)

(i Scotland) Act 1968

Part n as if the said Act of 1964 had come into operation at the commencement of this Act; and accordingly, in relation to the estate of any person dying after such commencement—

(i) the enactments mentioned in Part I of Schedule 2 to

this Act shall have effect subject to the modifications specified in relation thereto in the said Part I, and

(ii) sections 11 and 14 of the said Act of 1955, section 6 of

1961 c. 58. the Crofters (Scotland) Act 1961 and section 16 of the

said Act of 1964, as so modified, shall have effect as set out in Part II of the said Schedule.

Part m

Amendment of the Law of Evtobnce in Civil Proceedings

Restriction of rule of law requiring corroboration

Rule requiring 9.—(l) This section applies to any action of damages where

con-oboration images claimed consist of, or include, damages or solatium in°certainPy respect of personal injuries (including any disease, and any actions of impairment of physical or mental condition) sustained by the damages. pursuer or any other person.

(2) Subject to subsection (4) of this section, any rule of law whereby in any proceedings evidence tending to establish any fact, unless it is corroborated by other evidence, is not to be taken as sufficient proof of that fact shall cease to have effect in relation to any action to which this section applies, and accordingly, subject as aforesaid, in any such action the court shall be entitled, if they are satisfied that any fact has been established by evidence which has been given in that action, to find that fact proved by that evidence, notwithstanding that the evidence is not corroborated.

(3) In relation to an action tried by jury, the reference in subsection (2) of this section to the court shall be construed as a reference to the jury.

(4) This section shall not—

(a) affect the operation of any enactment passed or made

before the commencement of this Act, or

(b) apply for the purposes of any appeal or other proceed-

ings arising out of any proceedings in which the proof or trial has taken place, or the evidence has otherwise been given, before such commencement.

(5) The references in this section to the giving of evidence are references to the giving of evidence in any manner, whether orally or by the production of documents or otherwise.

Law Reform ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Ch. 70 1889

(Scotland) Act 1968

Convictions,etc., as evidence in civil proceedings part in

10.—(1) In any civil proceedings the fact that a person has Convictions been convicted of an offence by or before any court in the ©yidence United Kingdom or by a court-martial there or else- OToceedings where shall (subject to subsection (3) of this section)p be admissible in evidence for the purpose of proving, where to do so is relevant to any issue in those proceedings, that he committed that offence, whether he was so convicted upon a plea of guilty or otherwise and whether or not he is a party to the civil proceedings; but no conviction other than a subsisting one shall be admissible in evidence by virtue of this section.

(2) In any civil proceedings in which by virtue of this section a person is proved to have been convicted of an offence by or before any court in the United Kingdom or by a court-martial there or elsewhere—

(a) he shall be taken to have committed that offence unless

the contrary is proved, and

(b) without prejudice to the reception of any other admis-

sible evidence for the purpose of identifying the facts which constituted that offence, the contents of any document which is admissible as evidence of the conviction, and the contents of the complaint, information, indictment or charge-sheet on which the person in question was convicted, shall be admissible in evidence for that purpose.

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect the operation of section 12 of this Act or any other enactment whereby a conviction or a finding of fact in any criminal proceedings is for the purposes of any other proceedings made conclusive evidence of any fact.

(4) Where in any civil proceedings the contents of any document are admissible in evidence by virtue of subsection (2) of this section, a copy of that document, or of the material part thereof, purporting to be certified or otherwise authenticated by or on behalf of the court or authority having custody of that document, shall be admissible in evidence and shall be taken to be a true copy of that document or part unless the contrary is shown.

(5) Nothing in any of the following enactments, that is to

say—

(a) section 12 of the Criminal Justice Act 1948 (under which 1948 c. 58.

a conviction leading to probation or discharge is to be disregarded except as therein mentioned);

(b) section 9 of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1949 1949 c. 94.

(which makes similar provision in respect of convictions on indictment in Scotland);

1890

Ch. 70

Law Reform ( Miscellaneou Provisions)

(Scotland) Act 1968

Part in 1950 c. 7 (NX).

1955 c. 18. 1955 c. 19. 1957 c. 53.

Findings of adultery and paternity as evidence in civil proceedings.

(c) section 8 of the Probation Act (Northern Ireland) 1950 (which corresponds to the said section 12) or any corresponding enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland for the lime being in force,

shall affect the operation of this section; and for the purposes of this section any order made by a court of summary jurisdiction under section 1 or section 2 of the said Act of 1949 shall be treated as a conviction.

(6) In this section " court-martial " means a court-martial constituted under the Army Act 1955, the Air Force Act 1955 or the Naval Discipline Act 1957 or a disciplinary court constituted under section 50 of the said Act of 1957, and in relation to a court-martial " conviction ", as regards a court-martial constituted under either of the said Acts of 1955, means a finding of guilty which is, or falls to be treated as, a finding of the court duly confirmed and, as regards a court-martial or disciplinary court constituted under the said Act of 1957, means a finding of guilty which is, or falls to be treated as, the finding of the court, and " convicted " shall be construed accordingly.

11.—(1) In any civil proceedings—

(a) the fact that a person has been found guilty of adultery

in any matrimonial proceedings, and

(b) the fact that a person has been found to be the father of a child in affiliation proceedings in any court in the United Kingdom,

shall (subject to subsection (3) of this section) be admissible in evidence for the purpose of proving, where to do so is relevant to any issue in those civil proceedings, that he committed the adultery to which the finding relates or, as the case may be, is (or was) the father of that child, whether or not he offered any defence to the allegation of adultery or paternity and whether or not he is a party to the civil proceedings; but no finding other than a subsisting one shall be admissible in evidence by virtue of this section.

(2) In any civil proceedings in which by virtue of this section a person is proved to have been found guilty of adultery as mentioned in subsection (l)(a) of this section or to have been found to be the father of a child as mentioned in subsection (l)(b) of this section—

(a) he shall be taken to have committed the adultery to

which the finding relates or, as the case may be, to be (or have been) the father of that child, unless the contrary is proved; and

(b) without prejudice to the reception of any other admis-

sible evidence for the purpose of identifying the facts on which the finding was based, the contents of any

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Ch. 70 1891

(i Scotland) Act 1968

document which was before the court, or which con- Part in tains any pronouncement of the court, in the matrimonial or affiliation proceedings in question shall be admissible in evidence for that purpose.

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect the operation of any enactment whereby a finding of fact in any matrimonial or affiliation proceedings is for the purposes of any other proceedings made conclusive evidence of any fact.

(4) Nothing in this section shall entitle the Court of Session to pronounce a decree of divorce without administering the oath of calumny to the pursuer and receiving evidence from

him; and in section 4(2) of the Divorce (Scotland) Act 1938, 1938 c. 50. after the words "the decree of separation*' there shall be inserted the words " (if granted on the ground of cruelty) ’*, and the words " adultery or * shall be omitted.

(5) Subsection (4) of section 10 of this Act shall apply for the purposes of this section as if the reference therein to subsection (2) were a reference to subsection (2) of this section.

(6) In this section—

(a) "matrimonial proceedings" means any consistorial

action, any matrimonial cause in the High Court or a county court in England and Wales or in the High Court in Northern Ireland, or any appeal arising out of any such action or cause, and

(b) "affiliation proceedings" means, in relation to Scotland, any action of affiliation and aliment

12.—(1) In an action for defamation in which the question Conclusive-whether a person did or did not commit a criminal offence is ness relevant to an issue arising in the action, proof that at the time when that issue falls to be determined, that person stands con- cS£m^n victed of that offence shall be conclusive evidence that he com- actions, mitted that offence; and his conviction thereof shall be admissible in evidence accordingly.

(2) In any such action as aforesaid in which by virtue of this section a person is proved to have been convicted of an offence, the contents of any document which is admissible as evidence of the conviction, and the contents of the complaint, information, indictment or charge-sheet on which that person was convicted, shall, without prejudice to the reception of any other admissible evidence for the purpose of identifying the facts which constituted that offence, be admissible in evidence for the purpose of identifying those facts.

1892

Ch. 70

Law Reform ( Miscellaneou Provisions)

(i Scotland) Act 1968

Part HI

Admissibility of statements produced by computers.

(3) For the purposes of this section a person shall be taken to stand convicted of an offence if but only if there subsists against him a conviction of that offence by or before a court in the United Kingdom or by a court-martial there or elsewhere.

(4) Subsections (4) to (6) of section 10 of this Act shall apply for the purposes of this section as they apply for the purposes of that section, but as if in the said subsection (4) the reference to subsection (2) were a reference to subsection (2) of this section.

(5) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply for the purposes of any action begun after the coming into operation of this section, whenever the cause of action arose, but shall not apply for the purposes of any action begun before such commencement or any appeal or other proceedings arising out of any such action.

Statements produced by computers as evidence in civil proceedings

13.—(1) In any civil proceedings a statement contained in a document produced by a computer shall, subject to the provisions of section 15 of this Act, be admissible as evidence of any fact stated therein of which direct oral evidence would be admissible, if it is shown that the conditions mentioned in subsection (2) of this section are satisfied in relation to the statement and computer in question.

(2) The said conditions are—

(a) that the document containing the statement was produced by the computer during a period over which the computer was used regularly to store or process information for the purposes of any activities regularly carried on over that period by any person;

(b) that over that period there was regularly supplied to the computer in the ordinary course of those activities information of the kind contained in the statement or of the kind from which the information so contained is derived;

(c) that throughout the material part of that period, the computer was operating properly or, if not, that any respect in which it was not operating properly or was out of operation during that part of that period was not such as to affect the production of the document or the accuracy of its contents; and

(d) that the information contained in the statement reproduces or is derived from information supplied to the computer in the ordinary course of those activities.

1893

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Ch. 70

(Scotland) Act 1968

(3) Where over a period the function of storing or processing information for the purposes of any activities regularly carried on over that period as mentioned in subsection (2) (a) of this section was regularly performed by computers, whether—

(a) by a combination of computers operating over that

period; or

(b) by different computers operating in succession over that

period; or

(c) by different combinations of computers operating in

succession over that period; or

(d) in any other manner involving the successive operation

over that period, in whatever order, of one or more computers and one or more combinations of computers,

all the computers used for that purpose during that period shall be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act as constituting a single computer; and references in this Part of this Act to a computer shall be construed accordingly.

(4) In any civil proceedings where it is desired to give a statement in evidence by virtue of this section, a certificate doing any of the following things, thait is to say—

(a) identifying the document containing the statement and

describing the manner in which it was produced;

(b) giving such particulars of any device involved in the

production of that document as may be appropriate for the purpose of showing that the document was produced by a computer;

(c) dealing with any of the matters to which the conditions

mentioned in subsection (2) of this section relate,

and purporting to be signed by a person occupying a responsible position in relation to the operation of the relevant device or the management of the relevant activities (whichever is appropriate) shall, subject to the provisions of section 15 of this Act, be sufficient evidence of any matter stated in the certificate; and—

(i) for the purposes of this subsection it shall be sufficient

for a matter to be stated to the best of the knowledge and belief of the person stating it;

(ii) any such certificate as aforesaid shall be lodged within

such time as may be prescribed, not being later than the expiry of the time prescribed for the furnishing of information under section 15(3) of this Act;

(iii) any person lodging such a certificate as aforesaid shall, within the time prescribed under paragraph (ii) of this subsection, send a copy thereof to every other party to the proceedings.

Part in

1894

Ch. 70

Law Reform (Miscellaneou Provisions)

(i Scotland) Act 1968

Part III (5) For the purposes of this Part of this Act—

(a) information shall be taken to be supplied to a computer

if it is supplied thereto in any appropriate form and whether it is so supplied directly or (with or without human intervention) by means of any appropriate equipment;

(b) where, in the course of any activities carried on by any

person, information is supplied with a view to its being stored or processed for the purposes of those activities by a computer operated otherwise than in the course of those activities, that information, if duly supplied to that computer, shall be taken to be supplied to it in the course of those activities;

(c) a document shall be taken to have been produced by a

computer whether it was produced by it directly or (with or without human intervention) by means of any appropriate equipment.

(6) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, in this Part of this Act " computer " means any device for storing and processing information, and any reference to information being derived from other information is a reference to its being derived therefrom by calculation, comparison or any other process.

14.—(1) Where in any civil proceedings a statement contained in a document is proposed to be given in evidence by virtue of section 13 of this Act it may be proved by the production of that document or (whether or not that document is still in existence) by the production of a copy of that document, or of the material part thereof, purporting to be certified or otherwise authenticated by a person responsible for the making of the copy or in such other manner as the court may approve; and any such copy shall be taken to be a true copy unless the contrary is shown.

(2) In estimating the weight, if any, to be attached to a statement admissible in evidence by virtue of section 13 of this Act regard shall be had to all the circumstances from which any inference can reasonably be drawn as to the accuracy or otherwise of the statement and, in particular—

(i a)to the question whether or not the information which the information contained in the statement reproduces or is derived from was supplied to the relevant computer, or recorded for the purpose of being supplied thereto, contemporaneously with the occurrence or existence of the facts dealt with in that informtion, and

Provisions supplementary to s. 13.

1895

Law Reform {Miscellaneous Provisions) Ch. 70

(j Scotland) Act 1968

(b) to the question whether or not any person concerned Part III with—

(i) the supply of information to that computer, or

(ii) the operation of that computer, or

(iii) the operation of any equipment by means of which the document containing the statement was produced by that computer,

had any incentive to conceal or misrepresent the facts.

15.—(1) Subject to subsections (6) to (8) of this section, a Procedure for statement shall not be admissible in evidence in civil proceedings purposes of by virtue of section 13 of this Act unless the procedure laid down s*13* by or under this section has been complied with.

(2) A party to any civil proceedings who wishes to rely on any such statement as is mentioned in the said section 13 shall, within such time as may be prescribed, send to every other party to the proceedings a copy of the statement together with a notice in writing—

(a) intimating that the party intends to rely on the state-

ment;

(b) stating that the statement is contained in a document

produced by a computer;

(c) directing the attention of the other party to the provisions

of subsection (3) of this section enabling a counternotice to be given.

(3) Any party who receives such a notice as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section may, within such time as may be prescribed, by counter-notice in writing addressed to the party who served the notice, require him, within such further time as may be prescribed, to furnish him in writing with all or any of the following information—

(a) any such information as might be the subject of a certifi-

cate under the said section 13(4), except in so far as such information is the subject of a certificate lodged under that subsection;

(b) particulars of a person occupying at the material time a

responsible position in relation to any of the matters mentioned or referred to in sections 13(4) and 14(2) (6) of this Act, and, if he is not included among such persons, of any person who signed any certificate lodged as aforesaid.

1896

Ch. 70 Law Reform {Miscellaneous Provisions)

(Scotland) Act 1968

Part III (4) Any party to whom information is furnished under subsection (3) of this section may, within such time as may be prescribed, require that the party wishing to rely on the statement should call as a witness any person of whom particulars were furnished under paragraph (6) of the said subsection (3), unless that person is dead, or beyond the seas, or unfit by reason of his bodily or mental condition to attend as a witness, or cannot with reasonable diligence be identified or found, or cannot reasonably be expected (having regard to the passage of time and to all the circumstances) to have any recollection of matters relevant to the accuracy or otherwise of the statement in the document.

(5) In deciding for the purposes of this section whether or not a person is fit to attend as a witness, a court may act on a certificate purporting to be a certificate of a fully registered medical practitioner.

(6) Without prejudice to the generality of the powers conferred 1933 c. 41. on the Court of Session by sections 15 and 34 of the Administration of Justice (Scotland) Act 1933 to regulate by act of sederunt its own procedure and that of the sheriff court respectively, the said powers shall include power—

(a) to prescribe the form of any notice or other document

authorised or required to be used under section 13 of this Act or this section;

(b) to prescribe the manner in which, the time within which,

and the conditions on which any thing authorised or required to be done under section 13 of thils Act or this section shall or may be done;

(c) to prescribe exceptions to any of the requirements

laid down by or under this section; and

(d) to modify, amend or repeal any of the provisions of this

section;

and in section 13 of this Act and this section " prescribed " shall be construed accordingly.

(7) Any act of sederunt made for any of the purposes mentioned in subsection (6) of this section, in so far as it relates to civil proceedings in the Court of Session, shall (except in so far as its operation is excluded by agreement) apply, subject to such modifications as may be appropriate, in relation to any other civil proceedings (other than proceedings in the sheriff court) in like manner as it applies in relation to civil proceedings in the Court of Session, and if any question arises as to what are, for the purposes of any such civil proceedings, the appropriate modifications of any such act of sederunt, that question shall, in default of agreement, be determined by the court before whom the proceedings take place.

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Ch. 70 1897

(Scotland) Act 1968

(8) The court in any civil proceedings shall have a discretion, part in where it appears to them that the interests of justice so require, and subject to such conditions (if any) as to expenses or otherwise as the court may think fit, to allow a statement falling within section 13(1) of this Act to be given in evidence notwithstanding that any requirement laid down by or under this section has not been complied with.

Amendment of section 7 of the Law Reform {Miscellaneous Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1966

16. Section 7 of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Amendment of

(Scotland) Act 1966 shall be amended as follows— }•7 f

Law Reform

(a) in subsection (1) the words " on the production of the (Miscellaneous document " shall be deleted; (Scotknd)

(b) after subsection (3) there shall be inserted the following Act 1966. subsection— 1966 c. 19.

" (3 A) Where a statement contained in a document is proposed to be given in evidence by virtue of this section it may be proved by the production of that document or (whether or not the document is still existence) by the production of a copy of that document, or of the material part thereof, purporting to be certified or otherwise authenticated by a person responsible for the making of the copy or in such other manner as the court may approve; and any such copy shall be taken to be a true copy unless the contrary is shown.".

General

17.—(1) In this Part of this Act " civil proceedings " includes. Interpretation

in addition to civil proceedings in any of the ordinary courts of of ?art law<_ 3 saving, etc.

(a) civil proceedings before any other tribunal, except proceedings in relation to which the strict rules of evidence do not apply, and

(b) an arbitration, whether under an enactment or not,

and " court " shall be construed accordingly.

(2) In this Part of this Act " consistorial action " does not include an action of aliment only between husband and wife raised in the Court of Session or an action of interim aliment raised in the sheriff court.

(3) In this Part of this Act—

" computer " has the meaning assigned by section 13 of this Act;

1898

Part IE

Ch. 70 Law Reform ( Miscellaneou Provisions)

(Scotland) Act 1968

"document" includes, in addition to a document in writing—

(a) any map, plan, graph or drawing;

(b) any photograph;

(c) any disc, tape, sound track or other device in which sounds or other data (not being visual images) are embodied so as to be capable (with or without the aid of some other equipment) of being reproduced therefrom; and

(d) any film, negative, tape or other device in which one or more visual images are embodied so as to be capable (as aforesaid) of being reproduced therefrom;

" film " includes a microfilm;

"statement" includes any representation of fact, whether made in words or otherwise.

(4) In this Part of this Act any reference to a copy of a document includes—

(a) in the case of a document falling within paragraph (c)

but not (d) of the definition of "document " in subsection (3) of this section, a transcript of the sounds or other data embodied therein;

(b) in the case of a document falling within paragraph (d)

but not (c) of that definition, a reproduction or still reproduction of the image or images embodied therein, whether enlarged or not;

(c) in the case of a document falling within both those

paragraphs, such a transcript together with such a still reproduction; and

(d) in the case of a document not falling within the said

paragraph id) of which a visual image is embodied in a document falling within that paragraph, a reproduction of that image, whether enlarged or not;

and any reference to a copy of the material part of a document shall be construed accordingly.

(5) The clerk of any court having custody of any document shall, on the application of any person who wishes to rely, by virtue of section 10(2), section 11(2) or section 12(2) of this Act or any corresponding provision for the time being in force in any part of the United Kingdom outside Scotland, on the contents of that document in proceedings which he proposes to raise, or which are pending, in any court in the United Kingdom, and on payment by that person of such fee as may be prescribed by act of adjournal or act of sederunt, as the case may be, made with

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Ch. 70 1899

(Scotland) Act 1968

the approval of the Treasury, issue to that person a copy of that part in document, or of the material part thereof, certified or otherwise authenticated by or on behalf of the court.

(6) Nothing in this Part of this Act shall prejudice the operation of any agreement (whenever made) between the parties to any proceedings as to the evidence which is to be admissible (whether generally or for any particular purpose) in those proceedings.

Part IV

Miscellaneous Amendments of the Law

18.—(1) Where by any deed executed after the commence-Restriction ment of this Act there is created a liferent interest in any °" duration property and a person who was not living or in utero at the date ot llfercnt8* of the coming into operation of the said deed becomes entitled to that interest, then—

(a) if that person is of full age at the date on which he

becomes entitled to the liferent interest, as from that date, or

(b) if that person is not of full age at that date, as from

the date on which, being still entitled to the liferent interest, he becomes of full age.

the said property shall, subject to subsection (2) of this section, belong absolutely to that person, and, if the property is vested in trustees, those trustees shall, subject as aforesaid, be bound to convey, deliver or make over the property to that person.

(2) The fact that, by virtue of subsection (1) of this section, any property has come to belong absolutely to any person shall not affect—

(a) the rights in the property of any person holding a

security over the property;

(b) any rights in the property created independently of the

deed by which the liferent interest in question was created;

(c) in the case of heritable property, the rights therein of

the superior of the property.

(3) The expenses of the conveyance, delivery or making over of any property to any person in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section shall be borne by that person.

(4) Section 48 of the Entail Amendment Act 1848 and section 1848 c. 36. 9 of the Trusts (Scotland) Act 1921 shall not have effect in 1921 c. 58. relation to any deed executed after the commencement of this

Act.

1900

Ch. 70

Law Reform {Miscellaneous Provisions)

(Scotland) Act 1968

Part IV

Amendment of s. 15(1) of Succession 'Scotland) Act 1964.

1964 c. 41.

Agreement to prorogate jurisdiction of particular sheriff court in certain moneylenders* contracts to be void.

1940 c. 42.

Removal of restriction on purchase, etc., of land by trade unions.

1871 c. 31.

(5) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the date of the coming into operation of any testamen-

tary or other mortis causa deed shall, subject to paragraph (c) below, be taken to be the date of the death of the granter thereof;

(b) the date of the coming into operation of any marriage

contract shall, subject as aforesaid, be taken to be the date of the dissolution of the marriage;

(c) the date of the execution, or of the coming into opera-

tion, of any deed made in the exercise of a special power of appointment shall be taken to be the date of the execution, or as the case may be of the coming into operation, of the deed creating that power.

19. Section 15(1) of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964 (which makes provision for the use of a confirmation of an executor as a link in title to heritable property) shall have effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, as if after the words ‘Provided that a confirmation* there were inserted the words ‘ (other than an implied confirmation within the meaning of the said section 5(2)) *.

20. Section 4 of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) (Scodand) Act 1940 (which makes void any provision or agreement in or in relation to a contract to which that section applies, whereby any party to such contract prorogates the jurisdiction of a particular sheriff court) shall have effect as if at the end of subsection (2) thereof (wherein are specified the contracts to which the section applies) there were added the following words:—

" and

(c) any contract entered into by a moneylender within the meaning of the Moneylenders Acts 1900 to 1927 in the course of his business as a moneylender, being a contract which contains an agreement with respect to the advance or repayment of money, or in respect of money lent, or as to the taking or release of any security in respect of money lent.*.

21. Section 7 of the Trade Union Act 1871 (which empowers trade unions to purchase or take upon lease, and to deal otherwise with, land not exceeding one acre in extent) shall have effect as if the words " not exceeding one acre * were omitted.

1901

Law Reform ( Miscellaneous Provisions) Ch. 70

(Scotland) Act 1968

Part V

Supplementary

22.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Law Reform (Miscel- ?bort title, laneous Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968. repeals?extent

(2) In this Act— and com-

(a) " enactment " includes any instrument having effect by mcncement* virtue of an Act;

(b) any reference to any enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended, and as including a reference thereto as extended or applied, by or under any other enactment including, unless the context otherwise requires, this Act.

(3) The enactments mentioned in Schedule 3 to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in relation thereto in column 3 of that Schedule:

Provided that no repeal effected by this subsection in any of the provisions of the Crofters (Scotland) Act 1955 or the Succes- 1955 c. 21. sion (Scotland) Act 1964 shall have effect in relation to the 1964 c. 41. estate of any person dying before the commencement of this Act.

(4) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

(5) This Act (except sections 10 to 15 thereof) shall come into operation on the expiry of a period of one month beginning with the date on which it is passed; and sections 10 to 15 of this Act shall come into operation on such date as the Secretary of State may appoint by an order made by statutory instrument, and different days may be appointed under this section for different purposes.

Any reference in this Act or in any other enactment to the commencement of this Act shall be construed as a reference to the date on which this Act (except sections 10 to 15 thereof) comes into operation.

1902

Ch. 70

Section 3.

Law Reform {Miscellaneous Provisions)

(i Scotland) Act 1968

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

Modification of Succession (Scotland) Act 1964 Consequential on Sections 1 and 2 of Tins Act

1. In section 6, at the end there shall be inserted the following paragraph:—

" For the purposes of this section an illegitimate person shall be deemed to be in the same degree of relationship to the intestate as that person would have been in if he had been born legitimate; and where the intestate was an illegitimate person, each of his parents shall be deemed to be in the same degree of relationship to him as the other.*

2. In section 9(1), after the word "issue *, in both places where it occurs, there shall be inserted the words "or by any illegitimate children or by the issue of any illegitimate child who has predeceased the intestate *’.

3. In section 11(1)—

(a) for the words " under any rule of law ’* there shall be sub-

stituted the words "by virtue of section 10A of this Act or of any other enactment or of any rule of law *; and

(b) at the end there shall be inserted the following paragraph: —

" In this subsection the expression * child ’ shall include an illegitimate child.’’.

4. In section 11(2), at the end there shall be inserted the following paragraph: —

"For the purposes of this subsection an illegitimate person shall be deemed to be in the same degree of relationship to the deceased as that person would have been in if he had been bom legitimate.’*.

5. In section 11(4), after the words " by virtue of " there shall be inserted the words " section 10A of this Act or of ’*.

6. In section 13, at the end there shall be inserted the following paragraph: —

"In this section references to the issue of the testator shall include references to any illegitimate children of the testator and to the issue of any such children.".

7. In section 33(1)—

(a) after the words " Part II of this Act " there shall be inserted

the words "(other than section 10A thereof), and any reference in any deed taking effect after the commencement of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968 to legitim shall be construed as a reference to the right to legitim as modified by the said section 10A; "; and

(b) for the words "such deed" there shall be substituted the words " deed taking effect after the commencement of this Act".

1903

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Ch. 70

(Scotland) Act 1

SCHEDULE 2 Section 8.

Modification of Enactments Consequential on Application of Succession (Scotland) Act 1964 to Tenancies of Crofts

Part I

Modification of Enactments

Thb Crofters (Scotland) Act 1955 (3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 21.

1. In section 8(6), for the word "heir" there shall be substituted the word "executor

2. In section 10(5), for the words from " thereupon devolve " to the end there shall be substituted the words "be treated as intestate

estate of the deceased crofter in accordance with Part I of the Succes- 1964 c. 41. sion (Scotland) Act 1964.".

3. In section 10(7), for the words from " or any person " to the end there shall be substituted the words " or any one of the persons who would be, or would in any circumstances have been, entitled to succeed to the estate on intestacy by virtue of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964.".

4. In section 11, for subsection (1) there shall be substituted the following subsection: —

" (1) Where, owing to the failure of a crofter to bequeath the tenancy of his croft or of such a bequest to receive effect, the right to the tenancy of the croft foils to be treated as intestate estate of the deceased crofter in accordance with Part I of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964, and the tenancy is transferred in pursuance of section 16(2) of that Act, the executor of the deceased crofter shall as soon as may be furnish particulars of the transferee to the landlord, who shall accept the transferee as tenant; and the landlord shall notify the Commission accordingly.".

5. In section 11, subsection (2) shall cease to have effect

6. In section 11, for subsection (3) there shall be substituted the following subsection: —

" (3) If at the expiry of three months from the relevant date, that is to say—

(a) where the deceased crofter has exercised his power to

bequeath the tenancy of the croft in favour of a person not being a member of the deceased crofter’s family and the Commission, on application made to them by the legatee, have refused to determine that the bequest shall not be null and void, from the date of the Commission’s refusal;

(b) where the deceased crofter has otherwise failed to bequeath the tenancy, from the date of death of the deceased crofter;

(c) where the deceased crofter has bequeathed the tenancy and the bequest has become null and void under section 10(2) of this Act, from the date on which the bequest became null and void as aforesaid;

3 P

1904

Sch. 2

Ch. 70 Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions)

(Scotland) Act 1968

(d) where the deceased crofter has bequeathed the tenancy and the Commission have declared the bequest to be null and void under section 10(4) of this Act, from the date on which the Commission notified the landlord and the legatee to that effect,

the executor has not furnished to the landlord particulars of any transferee in accordance with subsection (1) of this section, the landlord shall forthwith notify the Commission to that effect*’.

7. In section 11, for subsection (4) there shall be substituted the following subsections:—

" (4) If at the expiry of the three months aforesaid it appears to the Commission, whether from a notification under subsection

(3) of this section or otherwise, that the executor has not furnished to the landlord particulars of any transferee in accordance with subsection (1) of this section, the Commission may give notice in such manner as they may think proper, whether by advertisement or otherwise, to persons who may claim to be entitled—

(a) to succeed to the intestate estate of the deceased crofter, or

(b) to claim legal rights or the prior rights of a surviving spouse out of that estate,

requiring them if they desire to have the tenancy of the croft transferred to them in or towards satisfaction of their entitlement or claim to give intimation accordingly to the Commission before such date as may be specified in the notice, being a date not earlier than six months after the relevant date within the meaning of subsection (3) of this section; and the Commission may, subject to the provisions of subsection (4a) of this section, nominate as successor to the tenancy any one of the persons who have so given intimation.

(4a) The Commission shall, before nominating any person as successor to the tenancy of the croft in pursuance of subsection

(4) of this section, consult with the executor (if any) of the deceased crofter, and the Commission shall not nominate any person as successor unless it appears to them—

(a) that that person is a person entitled to succeed to the

intestate estate of the deceased crofter, or to claim legal rights or the prior rights of a surviving spouse out of that estate, and

(b) that adequate provision is being, or will be. made for the settlement of the entitlement or claim in the said intestate estate of any other person who is known to them to be entitled to succeed to, or to claim any such rights out of, that estate.

(4b) The Commission shall give notice to the landlord of any person nominated by them in pursuance of subsection (4) of this section, and the landlord shall accept that person as successor to the tenancy of the croft

1905

Law Reform {Miscellaneous Provisions) Ch. 70

(Scotland) Act 1968

(4c) The nomination by the Commission, in pursuance of subsection (4) of this section, of any person as successor to the tenancy of the croft shall transfer the interest of the tenant under that tenancy to that person, and such transfer shall be in or towards satisfaction of that person’s entitlement or claim in the intestate estate of the deceased crofter.*.

8. In section 11, for subsection (5) there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" (5) If at the expiry of one month from the end of the period referred to in section 16(3Xb) of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964 the executor has not furnished to the landlord particulars of any transferee in accordance with subsection (1) of this section and the Commission have not nominated any person as successor under subsection (4) thereof, the Commission may declare the croft to be vacant and, if they do so, shall notify the landlord accordingly.".

9. In section 11(6), for the words from " the rights " to " succeed to " there shall be substituted the words " any right of any person (other than the person so nominated) in, or in relation to,"

10. In section 11, subsections (8) and (9) shall cease to have effect

11. In section 14(1)—

(a) for the words from the beginning to M he shall " there shall be substituted the words—

"Where—

(i) a crofter renounces his tenancy or is removed from

his croft, or

(ii) the tenancy of a croft, being a tenancy the interest of the tenant under which is comprised in the estate of a deceased crofter, is terminated in pursuance of section 16(3) of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964,

the crofter or. as the case may be, the executor of the deceased crofter shall,";

(b) in paragraph (b), for the words " or any of his predecessors " there shall be substituted the words "or, as the case may be, the deceased crofter, or any of the predecessors of the crofter or of the deceased crofter ";

(c) in paragraph (c), after the word "crofter", where first

occurring, there shall be inserted the words "or, as the case may be, the deceased crofter", and after the word "received" there shall be inserted the words "or, as the case may be, the deceased crofter did not receive and his executor has not received,".

3P2

Sch. 2

1964 c. 41.

1906

Ch. 70

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions)

(Scotland) Act 1968

Sch. 2 12. In section 14(6)—

(a) for the words from the beginning to " from him " there shall be substituted the words—

" Where—

(a) a crofter renounces his tenancy or is removed from his croft, or (b) the tenancy of a croft, being a tenancy the interest of the tenant under which is comprised in the estate of a deceased crofter, is terminated in pursuance of section 16(3) of the Succession 1964 c. 41. (Scotland) Act 1964,

the landlord shall be entitled to recover from the crofter or. as the case may be, from the executor of the deceased crofter ";

(b) after the words " by the crofter " there shall be inserted the words " or, as the case may be, by the deceased crofter or his executor.".

13. In section 14(7), after the words "the croft" there shall be inserted the words "or. as the case may be, of the termination of the tenancy,".

14. In section 14(9)—

(a) for the words from the beginning to "his tenancy" there

shall be substituted the words—

"Where—

(a) a crofter has given notice of renunciation of his tenancy, or

(b) the landlord of the croft either gives to the executor of a deceased crofter, or receives from such an executor, notice terminating the tenancy of the croft in pursuance of section 16(3) of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964,";

(b) after the words " of the crofter " there shall be inserted the words " or, as the case may be, the executor of the deceased crofter ";

(c) after the words "the renunciation" there shall be inserted

the words " or, as the case may be, the termination ";

(d) after the words "will on renunciation" there shall be inserted the words " or termination ";

(e) after the words " by the crofter " there shall be inserted the

words " or executor ";

(f) after the words " shall, on renunciation " there shall be

inserted the words " or, as the case may be, termination,".

15. In section 14(10), in proviso (a)—

(a) after the words "to a crofter" there shall be inserted the

words " or to the executor of a deceased crofter,";

(b) after the words "the crofter" there shall be inserted the words " or executor ".

Law Reform (Miscellaneou Provisions) Ch. 70

(i Scotland) Act 1968

16. In section 14(11), for the words from the beginning to " shall not be entitled* there shall be substituted the words—

" Notwithstanding anything in this section—

(a) a crofter who immediately before the commencement of this Act was a statutory small tenant, or

(b) the statutory successor of such a crofter, or

(c) the executor of such a crofter or of such a statutory successor,

shall not be entitled,*.

17. In section 16(1)—

(a) after paragraph (a) there shall be inserted the following paragraph:—

" (aa) the landlord of the croft either gives to the executor of a deceased crofter, or receives from such an executor, notice terminating the tenancy of the croft in pursuance of section 16(3) of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964; or*;

(b) for the words from "from the receipt* to "as the case may be * there shall be substituted the words—

"from—

(i) the receipt of the notice of renunciation of the

tenancy, or

(ii) the date on which the Land Court made the order, or

(iii) the date on which the landlord gave or received notice terminating the tenancy, or

(iv) the date on which the vacancy came to the landlord’s knowledge,

as the case may be,*’.

18. In section 37(1), in the definition of "statutory successor*, after the words " whether as * there shall be inserted the words " a person to whom the tenancy of the croft has been transferred in pursuance of section 16(2) of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964 or as the executor,*’.

The Crofters (Scotland) Act 1961 (9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 58.

19. In section 6(1)—

(a) after the words "this Act* there shall be inserted the words ", or to the executor of a deceased crofter,*’;

(b) for the words " on his croft * there shall be substituted the words " on the croft ’*;

(c) for the words from " (a) the value * to " as the case may

be * there shall be substituted the following words: —

"(a) the value of that improvement as at the date when—

(i) the crofter renounced his tenancy, or

(ii) the crofter was removed from the croft, or

3 P 3

1907

Sch. 2

1964 c. 41.

1908

Sch. 2

Ch. 70 Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions)

(Scotland) Act 1968

(iii) the tenancy of the croft was terminated in pursuance of section 16(3) of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964.

as the case may be.*.

20. In section 6(3)—

(a) after the words " if the crofter * there shall be inserted the

words Mor, as the case may be. the executor of the deceased crofter *;

(b) after the words "to the crofter", in both places where they occur, there shall be inserted the words " or executor *;

(c) after the words "by the crofter* there shall be inserted

the words "or, as the case may be, the executor of the deceased crofter *.

21. In section 6(4), at the end there shall be inserted the following words—

" and for the purposes of the said subsection the executor of a deceased crofter shall be deemed to be qualified if the deceased crofter would have been qualified as mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this subsection.*.

Thb Succession (Scotland) Act 1964 (1964 c. 41.

22. In section 16(2>-

(a) in paragraph (c), at the end there shall be inserted the words

"or becomes null and void under section 10 of the Act of 1955,";

(b) for the words " of the landlord * there shall be substituted the following wends:—

*(i) in the case of an interest under an agricultural lease, being a lease of a croft within the meaning of section 3(1) of the Act of 1955, of the Crofters Commission;

(ii) in any other case, of the landlord.*.

23. In section 16(3), in paragraph (6), after head (i) there shall be inserted the following heads:—

" (ia) in the case of an interest under an agricultural lease which is the subject of an application by the legatee to the Crofters Commission under section 10(1) of the Act of 1955, from the date of any refusal by the Commission to determine that the bequest shall not be null and void.

(i b)in the case of an interest under an agricultural lease

which is the subject of an intimation of objection by the landlord to the legatee and the Crofters Commission under section 10(3) of the Act of 1955, from the date of any decision of the Commission upholding the objection,*.

1909

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Ch. 70

(Scotland) Act

24. In section 16(6), in paragraph (a), after the words "Act of sch. 2 1931 * there shall be inserted the words " or section 13 of the Act

of 1955

25. In section 16(8), at the end there shall be inserted the words " , or, as the case may be, subsections (2) to (7) of section 10 of the Act of 1955.".

26. In section 16(9)—

(a) in the definition of "agricultural lease ", at the end there

shall be inserted the words ", or a lease of a croft within the meaning of section 3(1) of the Act of 1955; *;

(b) after the definition of "the Act of 1949*' there shall be inserted the following definition:—

" * the Act of 1955 * means the Crofters (Scotland) Act 1933 c. 21. 1955;

27. In section 29(2), at the end there shall be inserted the words " or of section 10 of the Crofters (Scotland) Act 1955 (which makes similar provision in relation to crofts).*.

28. In section 37(1), paragraph (b) shall cease to have effect

29. In Schedule 2, in paragraph 1, the words "(other than the tenancy of any croft within the meaning of section 3 of the Crofters (Scotland) Act 1955) * shall cease to have effect.

Part II

Certain Enactments set out as Modified by Part I of this Schedule The Crofters (Scotland) Act 1955 (3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 21.

Section 11

11.—(1) Where, owing to the failure of a crofter to bequeath the Succession tenancy of his croft or of such a bequest to receive effect, the rightto CToft to the tenancy of the croft falls to be treated as intestate estate of the deceased crofter in accordance with Part I of the Succession 1964 c. 41. (Scotland) Act 1964, and the tenancy is transferred in pursuance of section 16(2) of that Act, the executor of the deceased crofter shall as soon as may be furnish particulars of the transferee to the landlord, who shall accept the transferee as tenant; and the landlord shall notify the Commission accordingly.

(3) If at the expiry of three months from the relevant date, that is to say—

(a) where the deceased crofter has exercised his power to bequeath the tenancy of the croft in favour of a person not being a member of the deceased crofter's family and the Commission, on application made to diem by the legatee, have refused to determine that the bequest shall not be null and void, from the date of the Commissions refusal;

3P4

1910

Sch. 2

Ch. 70 Law Reform {Miscellaneous Provisions)

(Scotland) Act 1968

(6) where the deceased crofter has otherwise failed to bequeath the tenancy, from the date of death of the deceased crofter;

(c) where the deceased crofter has bequeathed the tenancy and

the bequest has become null and void under section 10(2) of this Act, froin the date on which the bequest became null and void as aforesaid;

(d) where the deceased crofter has bequeathed the tenancy and the Commission have declared the bequest to be null and void under section 10(4) of this Act, from the date on which the Commission notified the landlord and the legatee to that effect,

the executor has not furnished to the landlord particulars of any transferee in accordance with subsection (1) of this section, the landlord shall forthwith notify the Commission to that effect.

(4) If at the expiry of the three months aforesaid it appears to the Commission, whether from a notification under subsection (3) of this section or otherwise, that the executor has not furnished to the landlord particulars of any transferee in accordance with subsection

(1) of this section, the Commission may give notice in such maimer as they may think proper, whether by advertisement or otherwise, to persons who may claim to be entitled—

(a) to succeed to the intestate estate of the deceased crofter, or

(b) to claim legal rights or the prior rights of a surviving spouse out of that estate,

requiring them if they desire to have the tenancy of the croft transferred to them in or towards satisfaction of their entitlement or claim to give intimation accordingly to the Commission before such date as may be specified in the notice, being a date not earlier than six months after the relevant date within the meaning of subsection (3) of this section; and the Commission may, subject to the provisions of subsection (4A) of this section, nominate as successor to the tenancy any one of the persons who have so given intimation.

(4A) The Commission shall, before nominating any person as successor to the tenancy of the croft in pursuance of subsection (4) of this section, consult with the executor (if any) of the deceased crofter, and the Commission shall not nominate any person as successor unless it appears to them—

(a) that that person is a person entitled to succeed to the intestate estate of the deceased crofter, or to claim legal rights or the prior rights of a surviving spouse out of that estate, and

(b) that adequate provision is being, or will be, made for the settlement of the entitlement or claim in the said intestate estate of any other person who is known to them to be entitled to succeed to, or to claim any such rights out of, that estate.

(4B) The Commission shall give notice to the landlord of any person nominated by them in pursuance of subsection (4) of this section, and the landlord shall accept that person as successor to the tenancy of the croft.

Law Reform {Miscellaneous Provisions) Ch. 70

(Scotland) Act 1968

(4C) The nomination by the Commission, in pursuance of subsection (4) of this section, of any person as successor to the tenancy of the croft shall transfer the interest of the tenant under that temmcy to that person, and such transfer shall be in or towards satisfaction of that person’s entitlement or claim in the intestate estate of the deceased crofter.

(5) If at the expiry of one month from the end of the period referred to in section 16(3X6) of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964 the executor has not furnished to the landlord particulars of any transferee in accordance with subsection (1) of this section and the Commission have not nominated any person as successor under subsection (4) thereof, the Commission may declare the croft to be vacant and, if they do so, shall notify the landlord accordingly.

(6) Where the Commission have under the foregoing provisions of this section nominated a person as successor to the tenancy or, as the case may be, have declared the croft to be vacant, any right of any person (other than the person so nominated) in, or in relation to, the tenancy shall be extinguished.

(7) Where a croft has been declared under subsection (5) of this section to be vacant, the landlord shall be liable—

(a) if the deceased crofter was at the date of his death under any liability to the Secretary of State in respect of any loan, to pay to the Secretary of State the whole or so much of the value of the improvements on the croft as will discharge the liability of the deceased crofter, and to pay to the executor of the deceased crofter, if a claim is made in that behalf not later than twelve months after the date on which the croft was declared to be vacant, any balance of the value aforesaid;

(6) if at the date of his death the deceased crofter was not under any such liability to the Secretary of State and a claim is made in that behalf as aforesaid, to pay to the executor of the deceased crofter the value of the improvements on the croft.

In this subsection the expression " the value of the improvements on the croft" means such sum as may be agreed, or as, failing agreement, may be determined by the Land Court, to be the sum which would have been due by the landlord by way of compensation for permanent improvements if the deceased crofter had immediately before his death renounced his tenancy.

(7A) Where a croft has been declared under subsection (5) of this section to be vacant consequent on the death after the commencement of the Crofters (Scotland) Act 1961 of a crofter who immediately before his death was qualified as mentioned in the next following subsection, and the value of the improvements on the croft is determined by the Land Court under the last foregoing subsection, the executor of the crofter may request the Land Court to determine what would have been the value of the improvements on the croft if the said Act had not been passed, and if the value last mentioned

3 P*

1911

Sch. 2

1964 c. 41.

1961 c. 58.

1912 ' Ch. 70 Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions)

(Scotland) Act 1968

Sch. 2 is greater than the value determined by the Land Court under the last foregoing subsection, the difference between the two said values shall be payable to the executor by the Secretary of State:

Provided that the Secretary of State shall be entitled to set off any amount due to him by the crofter at the date of his death in respect of a loan made under subsection (2) or (3) of section twenty-two of this Act or subsection (7) of section seven or section nine of the Act of 1911 against any sum payable to the executor by the Secretary of State under this subsection.

(7B) The reference in the last foregoing subsection to a crofter who immediately before his death was qualified is a reference to a crofter—

(a) whose tenancy of the croft in question began before the

1961 c. 58. commencement of the Crofters (Scotland) Act 1961, or

(b) who held the tenancy of such croft as statutory successor to his immediate predecessor in the tenancy and each of whose predecessors (being in each case a person whose tenancy of the croft began after the commencement of the said Act) held such tenancy as statutory successor to his immediate predecessor.

Section 14

Compensation

for

improvements

and

compensation for deterioration or damage.

1964 c. 41.

14.—(1) Where—

(i) a crofter renounces his tenancy or is removed from his

croft, or

(ii) the tenancy of a croft, being a tenancy the interest of the tenant under which is comprised in the estate of a deceased crofter, is terminated in pursuance of section 16(3) of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964,

the crofter or, as the case may be, the executor of the deceased crofter shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be entitled to compensation for any permanent improvement made on the croft if—

(a) the improvement is suitable to the croft; and

(b) the improvement was executed or paid for by the crofter

or, as the case may be, the deceased crofter, or any of the predecessors of the crofter or of the deceased crofter in the tenancy; and

(c) either the improvement was executed otherwise than in

pursuance of a specific agreement in writing under which the crofter or, as the case may be, the deceased crofter was bound to execute the improvement or, if die improvement was executed in pursuance of such an agreement, the crofter has not received or, as the case may be, the deceased crofter did not receive and his executor has not received, by way of reduction of rent or otherwise, fair consideration for the improvement

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions)

(Scotland) Act 1968

Ch. 70

1913

(2) Where—

(a) a person on becoming the tenant of a croft has with the consent of the landlord paid to the outgoing tenant any compensation due to him in respect of any permanent improvement and has agreed with the Secretary of State to assume any outstanding liability to the Secretary of State of the outgoing tenant in respect of any loan made to him; or

(b) on a person becoming the tenant of a croft the Secretary of State on his behalf has paid to the landlord a sum representing the value to such person of an existing improvement on the croft;

such person shall for the purposes of the foregoing subsection be deemed to have executed or paid for the improvement.

For the purposes of paragraph (a) of this subsection a landlord who has not paid the compensation due either to the outgoing tenant or to the Secretary of State and has not applied to the Secretary of State to determine under subsection (4) of section twenty-three of this Act that any amount due by him to the Secretary of State by virtue of subsection (3) of that section shall be deemed to be a loan by the Secretary of State to him shall be deemed to have given his consent.

(3) The provisions of subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to any buildings erected by a crofter in contravention of any interdict or other judicial order.

(6) Where—

(a) a crofter renounces his tenancy or is removed from his croft,

or

(b) the tenancy of a croft, being a tenancy the interest of the tenant under which is comprised in the estate of a deceased crofter, is terminated in pursuance of section 16(3) of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964,

the landlord shall be entitled to recover from the crofter or. as the case may be, from the executor of the deceased crofter compensation for any deterioration of, or damage to, any fixed equipment provided by the landlord committed or permitted by the crofter or, as the case may be, by the deceased crofter or his executor.

(7) The amount of the compensation payable under the last foregoing subsection shall be the cost, as ait the date of the crofter’s quitting the croft, or as the case may be, of the termination of the tenancy, of making good the deterioration or damage; and the landlord shall be entitled to set off the amount so payable against any compensation payable by him in respect of permanent improvements.

(8) The amount of the compensation payable under subsection (1) or subsection (6) of this section shall, failing agreement, be fixed by the Land Court.

(9) Where—

(a) a crofter has given notice of renunciation of his tenancy, or

3P*2

Sch. 2

1964 c. 41.

1914

Sch. 2

1964 c. 41.

1949 c. 75.

Assessment of compensation

for

improvements.

Ch. 70 Law Reform {Miscellaneous Provisions)

(Scotland) Act 1968

(b) the landlord of the croft either gives to the executor of a deceased crofter, or receives from such an executor, notice terminating the tenancy of the croft in pursuance of section 16(3) of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964.

the Land Court may. on the joint application of the crofter or. as the case may be, the executor of the deceased crofter and the landlord or, where the crofter’s rights to compensation for permanent improvements have been transferred in whole or in part under section twenty-three of this Act to the Secretary of State, on the joint application of the Secretary of State and the landlord, assess prior to the renunciation or, as the case may be, the termination the amounts which will on renunciation or termination become due under this section by the landlord by way of compensation for permanent improvements and by the crofter or executor by way of compensation for deterioration or damage; and the amounts so assessed shall, on renunciation or, as the case may be, termination, become due accordingly.

(10) Nothing in this Act shall affect the provisions of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act 1949 with respect to the payment to outgoing tenants of compensation for improvements:

Provided that—

(a) where any improvements are valued under that Act with a

view to the payment of compensation to a crofter or to the executor of a deceased crofter, the valuation shall, unless the landlord and the crofter or executor otherwise agree in writing, be made by the Land Court; and

(b) compensation shall not be payable under that Act for an improvement for which compensation is payable under this Act.

(11) Notwithstanding anything in this section—

(a) a crofter who immediately before the commencement of this Act was a statutory small tenant, or

(b) the statutory successor of such a crofter, or

(c) the executor of such a crofter or of such a statutory

successor,

shall not be entitled, in respect of any permanent improvement made or begun before the commencement of this Act, to any compensation to which he would not have been entitled if his tenancy had expired immediately before the commencement of this Act.

The Crofters (Scotland) Act 1961 (9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 58.

Section 6

6.—(1) The amount of any compensation payable under subsection (1) of section fourteen of the Act of 1955 to a crofter who renounces his tenancy or is removed from his croft after the commencement of this Act, or to the executor of a deceased crofter.

Law Reform {Miscellaneous Provisions) Ch. 70 1915

(Scotland) Act 1968

in respect of a permanent improvement on the oroft shall be a sum sch. 2 equal to—

(a) the value of that improvement as at the date when—

(i) the crofter renounced his tenancy, or

(ii) the crofter was removed from the croft, or

(iii) the tenancy of the croft was terminated in pursuance of section 16(3) of the Succession (Scotland) Act 1964 c. 41. 1964,

as the case may be, calculated in accordance with the provisions of the next following subsection, less (b) the value of any assistance or consideration which may be proved to have been given by the landlord of the croft or any of his predecessors in title in respect of the improvement.

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection, the value of an improvement on any croft shall be taken to be the amount, if any, which, having regard to the locaition of the croft and any other circumstances which might affect the demand for the tenancy thereof, the landlord might reasonably be expected to receive in respect of the improvement from a person who might reasonably be expected to obtain the tenancy of the croft if the croft were offered on the open market for letting as a separate croft with entry on the date referred to in paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection.

(3) Where compensation falls to be assessed under the two foregoing subsections in respect of any permanent improvement on a croft and the amount of such compensation is fixed or assessed by the Land Court under subsection (8) of section fourteen of the Act of 1955 or paragraph (a) of subsection (9) of section nineteen of that Act or paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of section nine of this Act, then if die crofter or, as the case may be, the executor of the deceased crofter is qualified as mentioned in the next following subsection he may request the Land Court to determine the amount which would have been payable by way of compensation in respect of that improvement if this Act had not been passed, and if the amount last mentioned is greater than the amount fixed or assessed by the Land Court as aforesaid, the difference between the two said amounts shall be payable to the crofter or executor by the Secretary of State:

Provided that—

(a) the Secretary of State shall be entitled to set off any amount

due to him by the crofter or, as the case may be, the executor of the deceased crofter in respect of a loan made under subsection (2) or (3) of section twenty-two of the Act of 1955 or subsection (7) of section seven or section nine of the Act of 1911 against any sum payable to the crofter or executor by the Secretary of State under this subsection; and

(b) this subsection shall not apply where compensation in respect of the improvement in question has on a previous occasion fallen to be assessed under the two foregoing subsections.

3 P* 3

1916

Sch. 2

Provisions relating to leases.

Ch. 70 Law Reform {Miscellaneous Provisions)

(Scotland) Act 1968

(4) The reference in the last foregoing subsection to a crofter who is qualified is a reference to a crofter—

(a) whose tenancy of the croft in question began before the commencement of this Act, or

(b) who holds the tenancy of such croft as statutory successor to his immediate predecessor in the tenancy and each of whose predecessors (being in each case a person whose tenancy of the croft began after the commencement of this Act) held such tenancy as statutory successor to his immediate predecessor,

and for the purposes of the said subsection the executor of a deceased crofter shall be deemed to be qualified if the deceased crofter would have been qualified as mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this subsection.

(5) The Act of 19SS shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in Part I of the First Schedule to this Act, being amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of this section.

(6) Subsections (4) and (5) of section fourteen of the Act of 1955 (which relate to the assessment of compensation for improvements) shall cease to have effect, except in relation to the assessment of compensation in respect of permanent improvements which has become payable by reason of the termination of the tenancy of a croft occurring before the commencement of this Act, or the renunciation of his tenancy by a cottar, or the removal of a cottar from his subject, before such commencement.

The Succession (Scotland) Act 1964 (1964 c. 41.

Section 16

16.—(1) This section applies to any interest, being the interest of a tenant under a lease, which is comprised in the estate of a deceased person and has accordingly vested in the deceased’s executor by virtue of section 14 of this Act; and in the following provisions of this section "interest" means an interest to which this section applies.

(2) Where an interest—

(a) is not the subject of a valid bequest by the deceased, or

(b) is the subject of such a bequest, but the bequest is not accepted by the legatee, or

(c) being an interest under an agricultural lease, is the subject

of such a bequest, but the bequest is declared null and void in pursuance of section 16 of the Act of 1886 or section 20 of the Act of 1949 or becomes null and void under section 10 of the Act of 1955, and there is among the conditions of the lease (whether expressly or by implication) a condition prohibiting assignation of the interest, the executor shall be entitled, notwithstanding that condition, to

1917

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Ch. 70

(Scotland) Act 1968

transfer die interest to any one of the persons entitled to succeed to the deceased’s intestate estate, or to claim legal rights or the prior rights of a surviving spouse out of the estate, in or towards satisfaction of that person’s entitlement or claim; but shall not be entitled to transfer the interest to any other person without the consent—

(i) in the case of an interest under an agricultural lease, being

a lease of a croft within the meaning of section 3(1) of the Act of 1955, of the Crofters Commission;

(ii) in any other case, of the landlord.

(3) If in the case of any interest—

(a) at any time the executor is satisfied that the interest cannot

be disposed of according to law and so informs the landlord, or

(b) the interest is not so disposed of within a period of one year or such longer period as may be fixed by agreement between the landlord and the executor or, failing agreement, by the sheriff on summary application by the executor—

(i) in the case of an interest under an agricultural lease which is the subject of a petition to the Land Court under section 16 of the Act of 1886 or an application to that court under section 20 of the Act of 1949, from the date of the determination or withdrawal of the petition or, as the case may be, the application,

(i a)in the case of an interest under an agricultural lease which is the subject of an application by & legatee to the Crofters Commission under section 10(1) of the Act of 1955, from the date of any refusal by the Commission to determine that the bequest shall not be null and void,

(ib) in the case of an interest under an agricultural lease which is the subject of an intimation of objection by the landlord to the legatee and the Crofters Commission under section 10(3) of the Act of 1955. from the date of any decision of the Commission upholding the objection,

(ii) in any other case from the date of death of the deceased,

either the landlord or the executor may, on giving notice in accordance with the next following subsection to the other, terminate the lease (in so far as it relates to the interest) notwithstanding any provision therein, or any enactment or rule of law, to the contrary effect

(4) The period of notice given under the last foregoing subsection shall be—

(a) in the case of an agricultural lease, such period as may be agreed, or, failing agreement, a period of not less than one year and not more than two years ending with such term of Whitsunday or Martinmas as may be specified in the notice; and

3P*4

Sch. 2

1918 Sch. 2

1886 c. 29. 1931 c. 44.

Ch. 70 Law Reform ( Miscellaneo Provisions)

(Scotland) Act 1968

(b) in the case of any other lease, a period of six months :

Provided that paragraph (b) of this subsection shall be without prejudice to any enactment prescribing a shorter period of notice in relation to the lease in question.

(5) Subsection (3) of this section shall not prejudice any claim by any party to the lease for compensation or damages in respect of the termination of the lease (or any rights under it) in pursuance of that subsection; but any award of compensation or damages in respect of such termination at the instance of the executor shall be enforceable only against the estate of the deceased and not against the executor personally.

(6) Where an interest is an interest under an agricultural lease, and—

(a) an application is made under section 3 of the Act of 1931 or section 13 of the Act of 1955 to the Land Court for an order for removal, or

(b) a reference is made under section 27(2) of the Act of 1949 to an arbiter to determine any question which has arisen under section 25(2X/) of that Act in connection with a notice to quit,

the Land Court shall not make the order, or, as the case may be, the arbiter shall not make an award in favour of the landlord, unless the court or the aibiter is satisfied that it is reasonable, having regard to the fact that the interest is vested in the executor in his capacity as executor, that it should be made.

(7) Where an interest is not an interest under an agricultural lease, and the landlord brings an action of removing against the executor in respect of a breach of a condition of the lease, the court shall not grant decree in the action unless it is satisfied that the condition alleged to have been breached is one which it is reasonable to expect the executor to have observed, having regard to the fact that the interest is vested in him in his capacity as an executor.

(8) Where an interest is an interest under an agricultural lease and is the subject of a valid bequest by the deceased, the fact that the interest is vested in the executor under the said section 14 shall not prevent the operation, in relation to the legatee, of paragraphs (a) to ( h) of section 16 of the Act of 1886, or, as the case may be, subsections (2) to (7) of section 20 of the Act of 1949, or as the case may be, subsections (2) to (7) of section 10 of the Act of 1955.

(9) In this section—

" agricultural lease " means a lease of a holding within the meaning of the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts 1886 to 1931 or of the Act of 1949, or a lease of a croft within the meaning of section 3(1) of the Act of 1955;

" the Act of 1886 " means the Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act 1886;

" the Act of 1931 " means the Small Landholders and Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act 1931;

Law Reform {Miscellaneous Provisions) Ch. 70 1919

(Scotland) Act 1968

" the Act of 1949 '* means the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) sch. 2 Act 1949; 1949 c. 75.

" the Act of 1955 " means the Crofters (Scotland) Act 1955; 1955 c. 21.

" lease * includes tenancy.

SCHEDULE 3 Section 22.

Enactments Repealed

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

34 & 35 Vict c. 31. The Trade Union Act 1871. In section 7, the words " not exceeding one acre ".

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 50. The Divorce (Scotland) Act 1938. In section 4(2), the words " adultery or *.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 21. The Crofters (Scotland) Act 1955. In section 11, subsections (21 (8) and (9).

1964 c. 41. The Succession (Scotland) Act 1964. In section 37(1), paragraph (6). In Schedule 2, in paragraph 1, the words " (other than the tenancy of any croft within the meaning of section 3 of the Crofters (Scotland) Act 1955) ".

Ch. 71

1921

Race Relations Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 71

An Act to make fresh provision with respect to discrimination on racial grounds, and to make provision with respect to relations between people of different racial origins.

[25th October 1968]

Bb rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Discrimination

General

1.—(1) For the purposes of this Act a person discriminates Meaning against another if on the ground of colour, race or ethnic or of " discriminational origins he treats that other, in any situation to which nate "* section 2, 3, 4 or 5 below applies, less favourably than he treats or would treat other persons, and in this Act references to discrimination are references to discrimination on any of those grounds.

(2) It is hereby declared that for those purposes segregating a person from other persons on any of those grounds is treating him less favourably than they are treated.

Unlawful discrimination

2.—(1) It shall be unlawful for any person concerned with Provision the provision to the public or a section of the public (whether of goods, on payment or otherwise) of any goods, facilities or services to fadVtics and discriminate against any person seeking to obtain or use those goods, facilities or services by refusing or deliberately omitting

1922

Ch. 71

Race Relations Act 1968

Part I to provide him with any of them or to provide him with goods, services or facilities of the like quality, in the like manner and on the like terms in and on which the former normally makes them available to other members of the public.

(2) The following are examples of the facilities and services mentioned in subsection (1) above, that is to say—

access to and use of any place which members of the public are permitted to enter;

accommodation in a hotel, boarding house or other similar establishment;

facilities by way of banking or insurance or for grants, loans, credit or finance;

facilities for education, instruction or training;

facilities for entertainment, recreation or refreshment;

facilities for transport or travel;

the services of any business, profession or trade or local or other public authority.

Employment. 3.—(1) It shall be unlawful for an employer or any person

concerned with the employment of others to discriminate against any other person—

(a) if that other person is seeking employment, by refusing

or deliberately omitting to employ him on work of any description which is available and for which he is qualified;

(b) if that other person is employed or seeking employment

on work of any description, by refusing or deliberately omitting to afford or offer him the like terms of employment, the like conditions of work and the like opportunities for training and promotion as the employer makes available for persons of the like qualifications employed in like circumstances on work of that description; or

(c) if that other person is employed on work of any descrip-

tion, by dismissing him in circumstances in which other persons employed on work of that description by the employer are not, or would not be, dismissed.

(2) The provisions of this section shall not affect the provisions of any enactment relating to the employment or qualification for employment of persons or of any instrument so relating made under any enactment, or any condition or requirement so relating imposed by virtue of any enactment, or render unlawful anything done in pursuance of any such provision, condition or requirement

Race Relations Act 1968

Ch. 71

1923

4.—(1) It shall be unlawful for an organisation to which this Part I section applies or any person concerned with the affairs of such Trade unions, an organisation— and employers’

(a) to discriminate against a person who is not a member

of the organisation by refusing or deliberately omitting ° BBn to admit him to membership of the organisation on the like terms as other persons applying for membership;

(b) to discriminate against a member of the organisation by refusing or deliberately omitting to accord him the same benefits as are accorded to other members thereof, or to take the like action on his behalf as is taken on behalf of other members, or by expelling him from the organisation.

(2) This section applies to organisations of employers or workers or other organisations concerned with the carrying on of trades, businesses, professions or occupations.

5. It shall be unlawful for any person having power to Housing dispose, or being otherwise concerned with the disposal, of accommoda-housing accommodation, business premises or other land to Jjon.»and discriminate— SSTSta

(a) against any person seeking to acquire any such accom- premises.

modation, premises or other land by refusing or deliberately omitting to dispose of it to him, or to dispose of it to him on the like terms and in the like circumstances as in the case of other persons;

(b) against any person occupying any such accommodation,

premises or other land, by deliberately treating him differently from other such occupiers in the like circumstances; or

(c) against any person in need of any such accommodation, premises or other land by deliberately treating that other person differently from others in respect of any list of persons in need of it

6.—(1) It shall be unlawful for any person to publish or Advertisements display, or to cause to be published or displayed, any advertise- notices, ment or notice which indicates, or which could reasonably be understood as indicating, an intention to do an act of discrimination, whether or not it would be unlawful by virtue of any other provision of this Act.

(2) Subsection (1) above shall not render unlawful the publication or display, or causing the publication or display, of an advertisement or notice which indicates that Commonwealth citizens or any class of such citizens are required for employment outside Great Britain or that persons other than such citizens are required for employment in Great Britain.

1924

CH.71

Race Relations Act 1968

Part I

Exception in the case of residential accommodation.

Acts which are not unlawful

7.—(1) it shall not be unlawful by virtue of section 2 or 5 of this Act to discriminate against any person with respect to the provision or disposal of any residential accommodation in any premises if at the time of the disposal—

(a) the premises are treated for the purposes of this sub-

section as small premises; and

(b) the person having power to provide or dispose of the accommodation (in this subsection and subsection (2) below referred to as " the landlord ") resides and intends to continue to reside on the premises; and

(c) there is on the premises, in addition to the accommoda-

tion occupied by the landlord, relevant accommodation shared by him with other persons residing on the premises who are not members of his household.

(2) Premises shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (1) above as small premises if—

(a) in the case of premises comprising residential accommo-

dation for one or more households (under separate letting or similar agreements) in addition to the accommodation occupied by the landlord, there is not normally residential accommodation for more than two such households and only the landlord and any member of his household reside in the accommodation occupied by him;

(b) in the case of premises not falling within paragraph (a)

above, there is not normally residential accommodation on the premises for more than six persons in addition to the landlord and any members of his household.

(3) During the two years beginning with the commencement of this Act, subsection (2 )(b)above shall have effect as if for the reference to six persons there were substituted a reference to twelve persons.

(4) In the foregoing provisions of this section any reference to a person having power to provide or dispose of any accommodation or to the landlord shall be construed as including a reference to any member of his family; and for the purposes of this subsection a person is a member of another’s family if that person is—

(a) the other’s wife or husband; or

(b) a son or daughter or a son-in-law or daughter-in-law

of the other, or of the other’s wife or husband; or

(c) the father or mother of the other, or of the other’s

wife or husband.

Race Relations Act 1968

Ch. 71

1925

In paragraph (b) above any reference to a person’s son or daughter includes a reference to any step-son or step-daughter, any illegitimate son or daughter, and any adopted son or daughter, of that person, and " son-in-law " and " daughter-in-law " shall be construed accordingly.

(5) In the foregoing provisions of this section " residential accommodation " includes accommodation in a hotel, boarding house or other similar establishment and " relevant accommodation " means any accommodation other than storage accommodation and means of access.

(6) It shall not be unlawful by virtue of section 2 above to discriminate against any person in respect of the provision of sleeping cabins for passengers on a ship if compliance with that section in that respect would result in persons of different colour, race or ethnic or national origins being compelled to share any such cabin.

(7) It shall not be unlawful by virtue of section 5 above for any person to discriminate against another with respect to the disposal by the former of his interest in any premises owned and wholly occupied by him unless he uses the services of an estate agent for the purposes of the disposal, or publishes or displays, or causes the publication or display, of an advertisement or notice in connection with the disposal.

(8) For the purposes of subsection (7) above a person shall be taken to own premises if the fee simple or a lease of the premises is vested in him, and in that subsection " estate agent " means a person who in connection with the disposal of an interest in land does any of the following acts in the course of a trade, business or profession, that is to say, he brings together or takes steps to bring together the person proposing to dispose of the interest and the prospective purchaser thereof, or acts as an auctioneer.

In the application of this subsection to Scotland " fee simple " means the estate or interest of the proprietor of the dominium utile.

8.—(1) Sections 2 and 3 above shall not apply—

(a) during the two years beginning with the commencement

of this Act, to employment with an employer who employs not more than twenty-five persons in addition to any employed for the purposes of his private household;

(b) during the two years following those two years, to employment with an employer who employs not more than ten persons in addition to any employed for the purposes of his private household.

Part!

Exceptions in the case of employment

1926

Ch. 71

Race Relations Act 1968

Part I (2) It shall not be unlawful by virtue of either of those sections to discriminate against any person with respect to the engagement for employment in, or the selection for work within, an undertaking or part of an undertaking if the act is done in good faith for the purpose of securing or preserving a reasonable balance of persons of different racial groups employed in the undertaking or that part of the undertaking, as the case may be.

(3) In determining for the purposes of subsection (2) above whether a balance is reasonable regard shall be had to all the circumstances and, in particular, to the proportion of persons employed in those groups in the undertaking or part of the undertaking, as the case may be, and to the extent, if any, to which the employer engages, with respect to employment in the undertaking or part of the undertaking, as the case may be, in discrimination of any kind which is unlawful by virtue of this Part of this Act.

(4) In subsection (2) above " racial group " means a group of persons defined by reference to colour, race or ethnic or national origins and for the purposes of that subsection persons wholly or mainly educated in Great Britain shall be treated as members of the same racial group.

(5) The Secretary of State may, if it appears to him expedient to do so, by order repeal subsections (2) to (4) above, but no such order shall be made unless a draft of the order has been laid before Parliament and approved by each House of Parliament

(6) Those sections shall not apply to the employment of any person for the purposes of a private household.

(7) Those sections shall not apply to any employment which is, or an application for any employment which is to be,—

(a) wholly or mainly in a country outside Great Britain;

(b) wholly on a British ship or aircraft outside Great

Britain; or

(c) wholly or mainly on a ship or aircraft outside Great

Britain other than a British ship or aircraft;

notwithstanding that the person employed or seeking employment was engaged or applied for it in Great Britain.

(8) Without prejudice to subsection (7) above, sections 2 and 3 above shall not apply to the employment or an application for the employment of a person on a ship or aircraft if the person employed or seeking employment was engaged or applied for it outside Great Britain.

(9) For the purposes of subsection (8) above a person brought to Great Britain with a view to his entering into an

Race Relations Act 1968

Ch. 71

1927

agreement in Great Britain to be employed on any ship or Part I aircraft shall be treated as engaged for or seeking the employment outside Great Britain.

(10) It shall not be unlawful by virtue of section 2 or 3 above to discriminate against any person in respect of employment on a ship, if compliance with either of those sections in that respect would result in persons of different colour, race or ethnic or national origins being compelled to share sleeping rooms, mess rooms or sanitary accommodation.

(11) Section 3 above shall not render unlawful the selection of a person of a particular nationality or particular descent for employment requiring attributes especially possessed by persons of that nationality or descent

9.—(1) Nothing in this Part of this Act shall— Charities and

(a) be construed as affecting a provision which is contained ^wJtabie^01

in a future charitable instrument and confers benefits purpo9es. on persons of a particular race, particular descent or particular ethnic or national origins; or

(b) render unlawful an act which is done in order to comply

with any such provision or with the provisions of any existing charitable instrument of any description.

(2) In this section " charitable instrument " means an enactment passed or instrument made for purposes which are exclusively charitable according to the law of England and Wales and "future instrument" and "existing instrument" mean respectively an instrument taking effect after, and an instrument taking effect, before the commencement of this Act

10. —(1) Nothing in this Part of this Act shall render unlawful Acts done to an act which is done for the purpose of safeguarding national safeguard

securi*y- SS

(2) A certificate purporting to be signed by or on behalf of a Minister of the Crown and certifying that an act specified in the certificate was done for the purpose aforesaid shall be conclusive evidence that it was done for that purpose.

11. —(1) This Part of this Act shall not render unlawful—Conduct

(a) any refusal or omission— ^?t£oad.

(i) to provide goods, services or facilities, other than travel facilities, outside Great Britain elsewhere than on a British ship or aircraft;

(ii) to provide any banking, financial or insurance facilities for a purpose to be carried out. or in connection with risks wholly or mainly arising, outside Great Britain; or

1928

Ch. 71

Race Relations Act 1968

Part I

Incitement and accessories.

Liability of employers and principals.

The Race Relations Board and conciliation committees.

1965 c. 73.

(iii) to dispose of land ouside Great Britain;

(b) any contract or term therein the main object of which is to do any act mentioned in paragraph <a)(i), (ii) or (iii) above;

notwithstanding that the refusal or omission occurred or the contract was made in Great Britain or on a British ship or aircraft.

(2) This Part of this Act shall not render unlawful an act done on a British ship while in the national waters or territorial waters of a country outside Great Britain, or on a British aircraft while in. or in flight over, such a country (or its territorial waters) if the act was done for the purpose erf complying with the laws of that country.

Supplemental

12. Any person who deliberately aids, induces or incites another person to do an act which is unlawful by virtue of any provision of this Part of this Act shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as doing that act

13. —(1) Anything done by a person in the course of his employment shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as done by his employer as well as by him. whether or not it was done with the employer’s knowledge or approval.

(2) Anything done by a person as agent for another person with the authority (whether express or implied and whether precedent or subsequent) of that other person shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as done by that other person as well as by him.

(3) In proceedings brought under section 19 or 20 of this Act against any person in respect of an act alleged to have been done by an employee of his it shall be a defence for that person to prove that he took such steps as were reasonably practicable to prevent the employee from doing in the course of his employment acts of the same description as that act.

Part II

Conciliation and Enforcement Consideration of Complaints

14. —(1) There shall continue to be a Board known as the Race Relations Board constituted in accordance with this section instead of section 2(1) of the Race Relations Act 1965 and having the function of securing compliance with the provisions of Part I of this Act and the resolution of differences arising out of any of those provisions.

Race Relations Act 1968

Ch. 71

1929

(2) The Race Relations Board shall consist of a chairman Part II and not more than eleven other members appointed by the Secretary of State.

(3) The Board shall discharge their functions in accordance with arrangements made by the Board and approved by the Secretary of State.

(4) The said arrangements may provide for the discharge under the general direction of the Board of the Board's functions in relation to any complaint or other matter falling to be dealt with by them, or in relation to any class of such matters, by a group of members of the Board selected by the chairman of the Board; and where any such functions are in accordance with such arrangements to be discharged by a group of members of the Board, anything done by or in relation to the group in or in connection with the discharge of those functions shall have the same effect as if done by or in relation to the Board.

(5) The Board shall constitute committees, to be known as conciliation committees, for such areas as the Board consider necessary for the purpose of assisting the Board in the discharge of their functions.

(6) The provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the Board and the conciliation committees.

(7) A conciliation committee shall make to the Board such periodical reports with respect to the exercise of their functions as the Board may require, and the Board shall, at such times as the Secretary of State may direct, make annual reports to the Secretary of State with respect to the exercise of their functions; and the Secretary of State shall lay before Parliament any report made to him under this subsection.

15.—(1) This section applies to any complaint made to the General Race Relations Board or a conciliation committee that an act provision as to has been done which is unlawful by virtue of any provision of "westigation Part I of this Act, except an act mentioned in section 16 below, comPla,nt8 and any reference in the following provisions of this section to a discrimination, complaint shall be construed accordingly.

(2) It shall be the duty of the Board or a conciliation committee to receive any complaint which is made to them within two months of the act complained of and also, if the Board think that special circumstances warrant its reception, any complaint made to them or a conciliation committee after the expiration of that period, if in either case the complaint is accompanied by the name and address of the person by whom

1930

Ch. 71

Race Relations Act 1968

Part n it is made and, in the case of an act of discrimination against any person, it is made by him or with his written authority, and—

(a) the Board may refer any complaint received by them

to a conciliation committee or may direct such a committee to refer to the Board a particular complaint received by the committee or a complaint of any class so received; and

(b) the Board and any conciliation committee shall respectively investigate any complaint received by them and not referred to the other and any complaint referred to them.

(3) In investigating any complaint the Board or a conciliation

committee—

(a) shall make such inquiries as they think necessary with

regard to the facts alleged in the complaint and form an opinion whether any person has done any act which is unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this Act; and

(b) in the case of a complaint that the act was one of dis-

crimination against a particular person, shall use their best endeavours by communication with the parties concerned or otherwise to secure a settlement of any difference between them and, where appropriate, a satisfactory written assurance against any repetition of the act considered to be unlawful or the doing of further acts of a similar kind by the party against whom the complaint is made; and

(c) in the case of any other complaint, shall, where

appropriate, use their best endeavours to secure such an assurance as aforesaid.

(4) If on investigating a complaint the Board form the opinion that an act has been done which is unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this Act and either they are unable to secure such a settlement and assurance, or, as the case may be, such an assurance, as aforesaid, or it appears to them that the act was done in breach of a relevant assurance, they shall determine whether or not to bring proceedings under section 19 or 20 of this Act.

(5) If on investigating a complaint a conciliation committee form the opinion that any such act as aforesaid has been done and either they are unable to secure such a settlement and assurance, or, as the case may be, such an assurance, as aforesaid, or it appears to them that the act was done in breach of a relevant assurance, they shall make a report to that effect to the Race Relations Board and the Board shall consider the report and shall either investigate the complaint themselves

Race Relations Act 1968

Ch. 71

1931

or, without investigating it, determine whether or not to bring Part II proceedings under section 19 or 20 of this Act.

(6) Where the Board or a conciliation committee investigate a complaint under subsection (2) or () above they shall on completing the investigation give a written notification to the parties stating—

(a) whether or not they have been able to form an opinion

with respect to the complaint and, if they have, what opinion;

(b) whether or not they have secured such a settlement and

assurance or, as the case may be, such an assurance as are mentioned in subsection (3) above; and

(c) what action, if any, they propose to take in the matter.

(7) Where the Board come to a determination under subsection (5) above without investigating a complaint, they shall give the parties a written notification of their determination stating what action, if any, they propose to take in the matter.

16.—(1) The provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act shall have investigation effect with respect to any complaint made to the Secretary of ofif2mp!aints State for Employment and Productivity, the Race Relations ^pi0^i^nt. Board or a conciliation committee that an act has been done trade unions which is unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this and Act and is an act of discrimination with respect to employment organisations or to membership of, or services or facilities provided by, an of employers organisation of employers or workers or an act of aiding, inducing or inciting the doing of such an act of discrimination.

(2) A Secretary of State may make regulations amending or repealing any provision of the said Schedule 2, but no regulations shall be made under this subsection unless a draft of the regulations has been laid before Parliament and approved by each House of Parliament.

17.—(1) If the Race Relations Board have reason to suspect. Investigation in consequence of an allegation made by any person that heof uillaJvful! has been discriminated against in contravention of any pro-norompuSt vision of Part I of this Act or for any other cause, that during made, the two months preceding the day on which the matter first comes to their notice, or such longer period as the Board may in special circumstances allow, an act has been done which is unlawful by virtue of any such provision, but no complaint has been made to them, to the Secretary of State for Employment

1932

Ch. 71

Race Relations Act

Part II

Assessors.

Nature of proceedings in England and Wales.

and Productivity or to a conciliation committee or any complaint so made has been withdrawn, the Board may investigate the matter or refer it for investigation,—

(a) in the case of an investigation not relating to an act

mentioned in section 16 above, in accordance with Part I of Schedule 3 to this Act; and

(b) in the case of an investigation relating to such an act, in accordance with Part II of that Schedule.

(2) A Secretary of State may make regulations amending or repealing any provision of Part II of that Schedule, but no regulations shall be made under this subsection unless a draft of the regulations has been laid before Parliament and approved by each House of Parliament.

18. The Race Relations Board may appoint as assessors to assist the Board or any conciliation committee in their investigation of any complaint or other matter persons appearing to die Board to have special knowledge and experience of the circumstances in which the act to which the investigation relates is alleged to have occurred and of any other circumstances appearing to the Board to be relevant.

Legal proceedings

19. —(1) Civil proceedings may be brought in England and Wales by the Race Relations Board, in pursuance of a determination of theirs under section 15 of, or Schedule 2 or 3 to, this Act and not otherwise, in respect of any act alleged to be unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this Act, and in those proceedings a claim—

(a) may be made for such an injunction as is mentioned in section 21 below;

(b) may be made, on behalf of a person alleged to have suffered loss as a result of that act. for such damages as are mentioned in section 22 below;

(c) may be made for such an injunction and such damages;

or

(d) may be made for a declaration that that act is unlawful

by virtue of that provision or any other provision of the said Part I;

and in those proceedings, whether or not such a claim is made, an application may be made in accordance with section 23 below for revision of any contract or term in a contract alleged to contravene any such provision.

(2) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any enactment or rule of law relating to the jurisdiction of county courts.

Race Relations Act 1968

Ch. 71

1933

proceedings under this section in England and Wales may be Part II brought in a county court for the time being appointed to have jurisdiction to entertain such proceedings by an order made by the Lord Chancellor and shall not be brought in any other court

(3) An order under subsection (2) above appointing any court to have jurisdiction under this section shall assign to that court as its district for the purposes of this section any county court district or two or more county court districts.

(4) An order under subsection (2) above may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made thereunder.

(5) An order for the discontinuance of the jurisdiction of any county court, whether wholly or within a part of the district assigned to it for the purposes of this section, may include provision with respect to any proceedings under this section commenced in that court before the order comes into operation.

(6) A county court appointed to have jurisdiction under this section shall have jurisdiction to entertain proceedings under this section with respect to things done on ships or aircraft outside the district assigned to the court for the purposes of this section, including things done on British ships or aircraft outside Great Britain.

(7) In any proceedings under this section in England and Wales the judge shall be assisted by two assessors appointed from a list of persons prepared and maintained by the Lord Chancellor, being persons appearing to the Lord Chancellor to have special knowledge and experience of problems connected with race and community relations.

(8) The remuneration of any assessors appointed under subsection (7) above shall be at such rate as may be determined by the Lord Chancellor with the approval of the Treasury and shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament

(9) Any proceedings brought under this section in England and Wales shall be included among the proceedings mentioned

in section 109(2) of the County Courts Act 1959 (appeals on 1959 c. 22. questions of fact).

(10) Nothing in this Act shall affect the right to bring any proceedings in England and Wales, whether civil or criminal, which might have been brought if this Act had not been passed, but except as provided by subsection (1) above and this subsection no proceedings, whether civil or criminal, shall lie against any person in respect of any act which is unlawful by virtue only of a provision of Part I of this Act.

1934

Ch. 71

Race Relations Act 1968

Part II

Nature of

proceedings!]

Scotland.

2$.—(1) Civil proceedings may be brought in Scotland by the Race Relations Board, in pursuance of a determination of theirs under section 15 of, or Schedule 2 or 3 to, this Act and not otherwise, in respect of any act alleged to be unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this Act, and in those proceedings an application or claim—

(a) may be made for such an order as is mentioned in section

21 below;

(b) may be made, on behalf of a person alleged to have suffered loss as a result of that act, for such damages as are mentioned in section 22 below;

(c) may be made for such an order and such damages; or

(d) may be made for declarator that that act is unlawful by virtue of that provision or any other provision of the said Part I;

and in those proceedings, whether or not such an application or claim is made, an application may be made in accordance with section 23 below for revision of any contract or term in a contract alleged to contravene any such provision.

(2) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any enactment or rule of law relating to the jurisdiction of sheriff courts, proceedings under this section may be brought in a sheriff court for the time being appointed to have jurisdiction to entertain such proceedings by an order made by the Secretary of State and, subject to subsection (9) below, shall not be brought in any other court.

(3) An order under subsection (2) above appointing any court to have jurisdiction under this section shall assign to that court as its district for the purposes of this section any part or parts of any sheriffdom or two or more sheriffdoms.

(4) An order under subsection (2) above may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made thereunder.

(5) An order for the discontinuance of the jurisdiction of any sheriff court, whether wholly or within a part of the district assigned to it for the purposes of this section, may include provision with respect to any proceedings under this section commenced in that court before the order comes into operation.

(6) A sheriff court appointed to have jurisdiction under this section shall have jurikliction to entertain proceedings under this section with respect to things done on ships or aircraft outside the district assigned to the court for the purposes of this section, including things done on British ships or aircraft outside Great Britain.

Race Relations Act 1968

Ch. 71

1935

(7) In any proceedings under this section the sheriff shall be Part U assisted by two assessors appointed from a list of persons prepared and maintained by the Secretary of State, being persons appearing to the Secretary of State to have special knowledge

and experience of problems connected with race and community relations.

(8) The remuneration of any assessors appointed under subsection (7) above shall be at such rate as may be determined by the Secretary of State with the approval of the Treasury and shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(9) An appeal shall lie to the Court of Session against any decision of the sheriff in proceedings under this section, or imposing on any person any punishment in respect of a breach of such an order as is mentioned in section 21 below, and on any such appeal the decision of the Court of Session shall be final.

(10) Nothing in this Act shall affect the right to bring any proceedings in Scotland, whether civil or criminal, which might have been brought if this Act had not been passed, but except as provided by subsection (1) above and this subsection no proceedings, whether civil or criminal, shall lie against any person in respect of any act which is unlawful by virtue only of a provision of Part I of this Act.

21.—(1) In proceedings brought under section 19 above in Injunctions which an injunction is claimed in respect of an act alleged to orders, be unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this Act the court, if satisfied—

(a) that the act was done by the defendant and was unlawful as aforesaid;

(b) that the defendant had previously engaged in conduct

which was of the same kind as, or a similar kind to, that act and was unlawful as aforesaid; and

(c) that he is likely, unless restrained by order of the court,

to engage in the future in such conduct;

may grant such injunction as appears to the court to be proper in all the circumstances, being an injunction restraining the defendant from engaging in, or causing or permitting others to engage in, conduct of the same kind as that act or conduct of any similar kind specified in an order of the court.

(2) In proceedings brought under section 20 above in which an order is applied for in respect of an act alleged to be

3 Q

1936

Ch. 71

Race Relations Act 1968

Part II

Damages.

unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this Act, the sheriff, if satisfied—

(a) that the act was done by any person and was unlawful as aforesaid;

(b) that that person had previously engaged in conduct which was of the same kind as, or a similar kind to, that act and was unlawful as aforesaid; and

(c) that he is likely, unless prohibited by an order of the court, to engage in the future in such conduct;

may make such order as appears to the court to be proper in all the circumstances, being an order prohibiting that person from engaging in, or causing or permitting others to engage in, conduct of the same kind as that act, or conduct of any similar kind specified in the order.

(3) The court may, in determining for the purposes of any such proceedings as are mentioned in subsection (1) or (2) above whether or not a person has engaged in a course of conduct take into account not only the act or acts to which the proceedings relate, but also any other act, whether or not the subject of an investigation under section 15 of, or Schedule 2 or 3 to, this Act.

22.—(1) In proceedings brought under section 19 or 20 above in which damages are claimed on behalf of any person in respect of an act alleged to be unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this Act the court, if satisfied that the act was done and was unlawful, may award—

(a) special damages or, in Scotland, damages for any

expenses reasonably incurred by him for the purpose of the transaction or activity out of which that act arose; and

(b) such damages as the court thinks just in all the circum-

stances for loss of opportunity, that is to say, loss of any benefit which that person might reasonably be expected to have had but for that act;

subject, however, to the application of the same rule concerning the duty of a person to mitigate his loss as applies in relation to damages recoverable under the common law of England and Wales or of Scotland, as the case may be.

(2) A court shall not award damages under this section for loss of opportunity in respect of any person unless the court is satisfied that at the time of the unlawful act he was in a position to acquire the goods, services, facilities or land constituting or giving rise to the benefit or, as the case may be.

Race Relations Act 1968

Ch. 71

1937

had the qualifications necessary for him (to obtain or retain the Part n benefit.

(3) Damages recovered under this section by the Race Relations Board in respect of any person shall be accounted for to him by the Board.

23. —(1) A contract or term in a contract which contravenes Validity and any provision of Part I of this Act shall not be void or un- revision of enforceable by reason only of the contravention, but may be0011118018, revised in accordance with the following provisions of this

section.

(2) Any such contract or term in a contract may be revised by the court in proceedings under section 19 or 20 above on an application made by the Race Relations Board on behalf of any party to the contract or by any such party who is the defendant or. in Scotland, the defender, in the proceedings.

(3) On an application under this section to revise a contract or term in a contract the court may, if it appears to the court feasible to do so without affecting the rights of persons who are not parties to the contract, make such order as it thinks just in all the circumstances revising the contract or term so as to secure that, as from the date of the order, it does not contravene any provision of Part I of this Act, and any party to the contract, whether or not a party to the application, shall be bound by the order accordingly.

(4) Any reference in this section to a party to a contract shall, where the rights of that party are for the time being vested in any other person, be construed as a reference to that other person.

24. In proceedings under section 19 or 20 above evidence of Privileged any communication made, other than an assurance given, to the conmmnica-Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity, the Racetions* Relations Board, a conciliation committee or a body of persons

to whom a complaint or other matter is referred under Schedule 2 or 3 to this Act, or any officer or servant of the Secretary of State, the Board or such a committee or body, for the purpose of or in connection with the exercise of their functions under this Part of this Act shall not be admitted except with the consent of the person by whom it was made.

Part in Miscellaneous and General

25.—(1) There shall be constituted a Commission to be The known as the Community Relations Commission consisting of Community a chairman and not more than eleven other members appointed ^elati9ns. by the Secretary of State. Commw.oa.

3 Q 2

1938

Ch. 71

Race Relations Act 1968

Part ill (2) The provisions of Schedule 4 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the Commission.

(3) It shall be the duty of the Commission—

(a) to encourage the establishment of, and assist others to

take steps to secure the establishment of, harmonious community relations and to co-ordinate on a national basis the measures adopted for that purpose by others; and

(b) to advise the Secretary of State on any matter referred

to the Commission by him and to make recommendations to him on any matter which the Commission consider should be brought to his attention.

(4) For the purpose of discharging their functions under subsection (3)(a) above the Commission may—

(a) establish services for giving advice on community rela-

tions to local authorities and other local organisations concerned therewith and for collecting information with respect to community relations;

(b) provide courses of training in connection with community relations; and

(c) arrange or promote the holding of conferences on

matters connected with community relations.

(5) Without prejudice to subsection (3) above, the Commission may—

(a) subject to subsection (6) below, give financial assistance

to any local organisations appearing to the Commission to be concerned with community relations;

(b) with the approval of the Secretary of State, appoint advisory committees for the purpose of such of their functions as the Commission think fit.

(6) The Commission shall not give any financial assistance under subsection (5) (a) above out of moneys provided by Parliament except with the approval of the Secretary of State and the consent of the Treasury.

(7) The Commission shall, at such times as the Secretary of State may direct, make annual reports to him with respect to the exercising of their functions; and the Secretary of State shall lay any such report before Parliament.

Research. 26,—(1) The Secretary of State may conduct or assist in

conducting research into any matter connected with relations between people of different colour, race or ethnic or national origins.

1

Race Relations Act 1968 Ch. 71 1939

(2) Any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State with the Part in consent of the Treasury for the purposes of his functions under this section shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

27.—(1) This Act binds the Crown. Application to

the Crown,

(2) The provisions of Parts II to IV of the Crown Proceed-

ings Act 1947 shall apply to proceedings against the Crown under j947 c section 19 above as they apply to proceedings in England and Wales which by virtue of section 23 of that Act are treated for the purposes of Part II of that Act as civil proceedings by or against the Crown, except that in their application to proceedings under the said section 19—

(a) section 20 of that Act (removal of proceedings from

county court to High Court) shall not apply; and

(b) section 28 of that Act (discovery) shall have effect subject

to section 24 of this Act;

and any restriction in the said provisions on the bringing of proceedings in tort shall apply to proceedings against the Crown under the said section 19.

(3) The provisions of Parts II to V of the Crown Proceedings Act 1947 shall apply to proceedings against the Crown under section 20 above as they apply to proceedings in Scotland by or against the Crown under that Act, except that in their application to proceedings under the said section 20—

(a) the proviso to section 44 of that Act (remission of pro-

ceedings from sheriff court to Court of Session) shall not apply; and

(b) section 47 of that Act (recovery of documents) shall have effect subject to section 24 of this Act;

and any restriction in the said provisions on the bringing of any proceedings in respect of any such act or omission as is described in section 43(b) of that Act shall apply to proceedings against the Crown under the said section 20.

(4) For the purposes of this Act the office of constable shall be treated as if it were employment and a constable shall be treated as if he were employed by the authority by whom he is appointed, except that a constable appointed by justices of the peace on the nomination or application of any authority shall be treated as if he were employed by the authority on whose nomination or application he is appointed, and accordingly the authority by whom or, as the case may be, on whose nomination or application a constable is appointed shall be treated for those purposes as if he or they were an employer or employers.

3 Q 3

1940

Ch. 71

Race Relations Act 1968

Part in

1964 c. 48. 1967 c. 77.

(5) A police cadet shall be treated for those purposes as if he were employed by the authority by whom he is appointed and accordingly—

(a) any such authority shall be treated for those purposes as if he were an employer; and

(b) section 17(3) of the Police Act 1964 and section 8(3) of the Police (Scotland) Act 1967 (police authority to be treated as the employer of a police cadet for certain purposes) shall not apply for the purposes of this Act

(6) Where by virtue of subsection (4) or (5) above a chief officer of police is treated as if he were the employer of any constable or police cadet there shall be paid out of the police fund or, in Scotland, by the police authority—

(a) any damages, costs or expenses awarded against the chief officer of police in any proceedings brought against him under Part II of this Act and any costs or expenses incurred by him in any such proceedings so far as not recovered by him in the proceedings; and

(b) any sum required by him in connection with the settlement of any claim made against him by virtue of this section, including any settlement made under Part II of this Act, if the settlement is approved by the police authority.

(7) Any proceedings under Part II of this Act which by virtue of subsection (4) or (5) above and apart from this subsection would lie against a chief officer of police shall be brought against the chief officer of police for the time being or, in the case of a vacancy in that office, against the person for the time being performing the functions of the chief officer of police; and references in subsection (6) above to the chief officer of police shall be construed accordingly.

(8) Section 8(2) and (3) of this Act shall have effect as if any reference to employment, work or persons employed in an undertaking or part of an undertaking included a reference to employment, work or persons employed in the service of the Crown or in any government department or any police force, or part thereof.

(9) Nothing in this Act shall—

(a) invalidate any rules (whether made before or after the pasting of this Act) restricting employment in the service of the Crown or by any public body prescribed for the purposes of this subsection by regulations made by the Treasury to persons of particular birth, citizenship, nationality, descent or residence; or

Race Relations Act 1968

Ch. 71

1941

(b) render unlawful the publication, display or implementa- Part ni tion of any such rules or the publication or display of advertisements stating the gist of any such rules.

(10) Any statutory instrument containing regulations under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

(11) References in this section to the Crown include references to Her Majesty in right of the Duchy of Lancaster or the Duke of Cornwall.

(12) In this section " public body " means a body of persons, whether corporate or unincorporate, carrying on a service or undertaking of a public nature and expressions used in subsections (6) and (7) above and in the Police Act 1964 have the 1964 c. 48. same meaning in those subsections as they have in that Act.

In the application of this subsection to Scotland, for the reference to the Police Act 1964 there shall be substituted a reference to the Police (Scotland) Act 1967. 1967 c. 77.

28.—(1) In this Act, except so far as the context otherwise Supple-requires— mentary.

"act" includes omission, and any reference to an act or other thing done shall be construed accordingly;

" British ship or aircraft " means a ship or aircraft registered in the United Kingdom or belonging to the Crown or to a Government Department or for the time being in possession of such a Department;

"community relations" means relations within the community between people of different colour, race or ethnic or national origins;

" disposal ", in relation to land, includes granting a right to occupy land and any reference to acquiring land shall be construed accordingly;

"relevant assurance" means an assurance given for the purposes of section 15(3) of this Act or paragraph 3 of Schedule 2 or paragraph 2 or 8 of Schedule 3 thereto.

(2) Any reference in sections 1 to 6 of this Act to the doing of anything by any person is a reference to the doing of that thing by him as employer or employee or as principal or agent.

(3) For the purposes of this Act the territorial waters of Great Britain shall be treated as forming part of Great Britain.

(4) Any reference in this Act to the territorial waters of a country is a reference to such part of the sea adjacent to the

3Q4

1942

Ch. 71

Race Relations Act 1968

Part in

1965 c. 73.

Short title, citation, commencement and extent.

1957 c. 20.

coast of (that country as is recognised by international law as forming the territorial waters of that country.

(5) Any reference in this Act to a body of persons shall, in relation to any description of employment, disputes about which are normally considered by an organisation of such bodies, be construed as a reference to that organisation.

(6) Any power conferred by this Act on a Minister of the Crown or die Treasury to make regulations or orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(7) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment is a reference thereto as amended, and includes a reference thereto as extended or applied, by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

(8) The following provisions of the Race Relations Act 1965, that is to say, sections 1 to 4 and 8(2), the words of exception in section 8(3) and the Schedule, are hereby repealed except as respect things done before the commencement of this Act.

(9) Anything which was done before the commencement of this Act in contravention of section 1 of the said Act of 1965 and would, if done after the commencement of this Act, have contravened section 2 of this Act shall be taken into account in determining under section 21(1) or (2) of this Act whether an injunction should be granted or an order made in respect of an act of discrimination in contravention of the said section 2.

(10) Any local conciliation committee constituted under the said Act of 1965 before the commencement of this Act shall be treated for the purposes of this Act or any enactment thereby amended as a conciliation committee constituted under this Act, and any person appointed to be a member, officer or servant of the Race Relations Board or a local conciliation committee and holding office as such immediately before the commencement of this Act shall be so treated as having been appointed to the Board or the conciliation committee, as the case may be, under this Act.

29.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Race Relations Act 1968.

(2) The Race Relations Act 1965 and this Act may be cited together as the Race Relations Acts 1965 and 1968.

(3) This Act shall come into operation at the expiration of one month from the date of its passing.

(4) This Act, except so much thereof as amends the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957, does not extend to Northern Ireland.

Race Relations Act 1968

Ch. 71

1943

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

Provisions as to the Race Relations Board and Conciliation Committees

The Race Relations Board

1. The Race Relations Board shall be a body corporate having perpetual succession and a common seal.

2. A person appointed to be a member of the Board shall hold and vacate office under the terms of the instrument by which he is appointed, but may at any time resign his office; and a person who ceases to hold office as a member of the Board shall be eligible for reappointment

3. The Board may appoint such officers and servants as they may, after consultation with the Secretary of State and with the consent of the Treasury, determine; and the Board shall be included among the bodies listed in Schedule 8 to the Superannuation Act 1965.

4. —(1) The Secretary of State shall pay to the members of the Board such remuneration and allowances as he may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine.

(2) The Board shall pay to any assessors appointed by them under section 18 of this Act and to the officers and servants of the Board such remuneration and allowances as they may, with the consent of the Treasury and after consultation with the Secretary of State, determine.

5. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament the expenses of the Secretary of State under paragraph 4(1) of this Schedule, together with the expenses of the Board under paragraph 4(2) thereof and, to such amount as the Secretary of State may with the consent of the Treasury approve, any other expenses of the Board.

Conciliation committees

6. The Chairman and other members of a conciliation committee shall be appointed by the Board.

7. Paragraph 2 of this Schedule shall apply in relation to a conciliation committee as it applies in relation to the Board.

8. The Board may pay to members of a conciliation committee, and to persons assisting in or concerned with the carrying out of the functions of any such committee, travelling or other allowances in accordance with such scales as may be approved by the Secretary of State with the consent of the Treasury, and

3 Q*

Section 14.

1965 c. 74.

1944

Ch. 71

Race Relations Act 1968

Sch. l

1957 c. 20.

Section 16.

may defray any other expenses of such committees to such amount as may be so approved.

Proceedings of the Board and committees

9. The validity of any proceedings of the Board, a group of members of the Board or a conciliation committee shall not be affected by any vacancy among the members or by any defect in the appointment of any member.

10. The quorum of the Board or a group of members of the Board and die arrangements relating to meetings of the Board or any such group shall be such as the Board may determine.

11. The quorum of a conciliation committee and the arrangements relating to meetings of such a committee shall be such as the committee may determine.

Disqualification for Membership of Parliament

12. In Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 (bodies of which all members are disqualified under this Act), both in its application to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom and in its application to the Senate and House of Commons of Northern Ireland, for the entry relating to the Race Relations Board there shall be substituted the entry " The Race Relations Board and any conciliation committee constituted by the Board under section 14 of the Race Relations Act 1968 ".

SCHEDULE 2

Complaints relating to Employment, Trade Unions and Organisations of Employers

1. It shall be the duty of any authority mentioned in section 16 of this Act to receive any complaint to which that section applies and which is made to them within two months of the act complained of and also, if the Race Relations Board think that special circumstances warrant its reception, any complaint made to the authority after the expiration of that period, if in either case the complaint is accompanied by the name and address of the person by whom it is made and, in the case of an act of discrimination against any person, it is made by him or with his written authorisation, and, subject to paragraphs 13 and 16 below, the authority shall, if not the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity, refer any complaint received by them under this paragraph to him.

2. Where any such complaint is referred or made to the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity then, subject to those paragraphs, the Secretary of State shall—

(a) if satisfied that there is a body of persons suitable to consider that complaint, refer it to that body for investigation by them;

Race Relations Act 1968

Ch. 71

1945

(b) if not, refer it to the Board for investigation by them or a conciliation committee.

3. A body of persons investigating a complaint referred to them under this Schedule—

(a) shall make such inquiries as they think necessary with respect

to the facts alleged in the complaint and form an opinion whether any person has done any act which is unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this Act; and

(b) in the case of a complaint that the act was one of discrimination against a particular person, shall use their best endeavours by communication with the parties concerned or otherwise to secure a settlement of any difference between them and, where appropriate, a satisfactory assurance against any repetition of the act considered to be unlawful or the doing of further acts of a similar kind by the party against whom the complaint was made; and

(c) in the case of any other complaint, shall, where appropriate,

use their best endeavours to secure such an assurance as aforesaid.

4. A body of persons to whom a complaint is referred under this Schedule shall, on the expiration of the period of four weeks from the reference of the complaint to them or on completion of their investigation, whichever occurs first, report to the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity whether in their opinion an act has been done which is unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this Act and, if so, whether they have been able to secure such a settlement and assurance or, as the case may be, such an assurance as are mentioned in paragraph 3 above.

5. Where the Secretary of State—

(a) receives a report from a body of persons under paragraph 4

above that they have failed within the said period of four weeks to secure such a settlement and assurance, or, as the case may be, such an assurance; or

(b) receives no report under that paragraph from such a body;

he may after consultation with the Race Relations Board request that body to continue to investigate the matter for a specified period or to cease investigating it

6. Where the Secretary of State requests a body of persons to continue as aforesaid, paragraphs 3 to 5 above shall apply to the complaint as they apply to a complaint on its original reference under this Schedule with the substitution of references to the specified period for references to the said period of four weeks.

7. A body of persons to whom a complaint is referred under this Schedule shall, on completion of their investigation, give a written notification to the parties stating—

(a) whether or not they have been able to form an opinion with respect to the complaint and, if they have, what opinion;

3 Q*2

Sch. 2

1946

Ch. 71

Race Relations Act 1968

Sch. 2

(b) whether or not they have secured such a settlement and assurance or, as the case may be, such an assurance as are mentioned in paragraph 3 above; and

(c) that they will report to the Secretary of State for Employ-

ment and Productivity on their investigation;

and stating the rights of any party aggrieved by the conclusion or any other decision of that body.

8. Where in pursuance of paragraph 5 above the Secretary of State requests a body of persons to whom a complaint has been referred under this Schedule to cease investigating the complaint, he shall refer the complaint to the Race Relations Board and it shall be the duty of the Board to investigate it

9. Where the Race Relations Board are notified by any of the parties that he is aggrieved by a decision of any body of persons to whom a complaint has been referred under this Schedule, then, subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, the Board may determine that the complaint be not further entertained or may refer the complaint back to that body for further investigation or may investigate it themselves, and where the Board refer the complaint back to that body, paragraphs 3, 4, 7 and 8 above shall apply to the complaint as they apply to a complaint referred to such a body by the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity—

(a) with the substitution for references to the Secretary of State of references to the Board; and

(b) with the omission in paragraphs 4 and 8 of any reference to any period or to dealing with a complaint within or after the end of a period.

10. Where the Race Relations Board are notified by any of the parties that he is aggrieved by any such decision and it appears to the Board that that decision was not disputed by him within a week of his being given a written notification of the decision in accordance with paragraph 7 above, or within such further period as the Board may in special circumstances allow, the Board shall disregard the notification under paragraph 9 above.

11. Where a complaint originally referred to a body of persons by the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity under this Schedule is again referred to them by the Race Relations Board for further consideration and that body reports to the Board that they have been unable to secure such a settlement and assurance or, as the case may be, such an assurance as are mentioned in paragraph 3 above or where it appears to the Board that that body have been unable to secure such a settlement and assurance, or, as the case may be, such an assurance, the Board may investigate the complaint themselves or determine that it be not further entertained.

12. Subject to paragraphs 13 to 15 below, where a complaint is referred to the Board under this Schedule, section 15(2) to (6) of

Race Relations Act 1968

Ch. 71

1947

this Act shall apply to the complaint as those subsections apply to a complaint to which the said section 15 applies and wmch is received by the Board, except that section 15(2X<z) and (5) of this Act shall not apply to a complaint referred to the Board under paragraph 8 above.

13. Where it appears to the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity or the Race Relations Board on receiving a complaint to which section 16 of this Act applies or on the reference to the Secretary of State of such a complaint by a conciliation committee, that the complaint may relate to an act done in breach of a relevant assurance, then, notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, the Secretary of State shall refer the complaint to the Board, or, as the case may be, the Board shall retain die complaint, for investigation in accordance with paragraph 14 below.

14. Where a complaint falls to be investigated in accordance with this paragraph, the Race Relations Board shall either investigate it themselves or—

(a) if there is a body of persons notified to them by the

Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity as being a body suitable to consider the complaint, refer it to them for investigation;

(b) if there is not, refer it to a conciliation committee for investigation.

15. Where on investigating a complaint under this Schedule the Board or any such body or committee form the opinion that an act has been done which is unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this Act, they shall also form an opinion whether it was done in breach of a relevant assurance; and—

(a) where any such committee form the opinion that it was done

in breach of such an assurance, they may, without more, report that fact to the Board;

(b) where any such body of persons form that opinion, they may, without more, report that fact to the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity and the Board; and

(c) where the Board form that opinion or where they receive

a report made by any such committee or body under this paragraph, they may, without more, determine to bring proceedings under section 19 or 20 of this Act.

16. Where it appears to the authority to whom a complaint to which section 16 of this Act applies is made that an act which is the subject of the complaint relates to employment and that it was done by a person acting as agent for another person but without the authorisation of that other person, the authority shall—

(a) if the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity, refer it to the Race Relations Board; and

(b) if not, deal with it as if it were a complaint to which

section 15 of this Act applies;

3 Q* 3

Sch. 2

1948

Ch. 71

Race Relations Act 1968

Sgh. 2

Section 17.

and in either event the provisions of the said section IS shall, notwithstanding anything in section 16(1) of this Act, apply to the complaint accordingly and if the complaint was originally made to the Secretary of State or a conciliation committee shall so apply as if it had been made to the Board.

SCHEDULE 3

Investigation of Unlawful Conduct where no Complaint Made

Part I

Normal Provisions as to Investigations

1. The Race Relations Board may themselves investigate or may refer to a conciliation committee a matter which falls to be investigated under this Part of this Schedule, and it shall be the duty of a committee to whom a matter is referred under this paragraph to investigate the matter.

2. In investigating any matter under this Part of this Schedule the Board or a conciliation committee—

(a) shall make such inquiries as they think necessary with

regard thereto and form an opinion whether any person has done any act which is unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this Act; and

(b) where the investigation relates to an act suspected of amounting to discrimination against a particular person, shall use their best endeavours by communication with the persons concerned or otherwise to secure a settlement of any difference between them and. where appropriate, a satisfactory written assurance against any repetition of the act considered to be unlawful or the doing of further acts of a similar kind by the person by whom it was done; and

(c) where the investigation does not so relate, shall, where

appropriate, use their best endeavours to secure such an assurance as aforesaid.

3. If on investigating any matter the Board form the opinion that an act has been done which is unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this Act and either they are unable to secure such a settlement and assurance, or, as the case may be, such an assurance, as aforesaid, or it appears to them that the act was done in breach of a relevant assurance, they shall determine whether or not to bring proceedings under section 19 or 20 of this Act.

4. If on investigating any matter a conciliation committee form the opinion that any such act as aforesaid has been done and either they are unable to secure such a settlement and assurance, or, as the case may be, such an assurance as aforesaid, or it appears to them that the act was done in breach of a relevant assurance, they shall make a report to that effect to the Race Relations Board and the Board shall consider the report and shall either investigate the

Race Relations Act 1968

Ch. 71

1949

matter themselves or, without investigating it, determine whether or not to bring proceedings under section 19 or 20 of this Act

5. Where the Board or a conciliation committee investigate any matter under this Part of this Schedule they shall on completing the investigation give a written notification to the persons appearing to them to be concerned stating—

(a) whether or not they have been able to form an opinion

with respect to the matter and, if they have, what opinion;

(b) whether or not they have secured such a settlement and assurance or, as the case may be, such an assurance as are mentioned in paragraph 2 above; and

(c) what action if any they propose to take with respect to the

matter.

6. Where the Board come to a determination under paragraph 4 above without investigating a matter, they shall give a written notification to the persons appearing to them to be concerned of their determination.

Part n

Investigation of Matters Relating to Employment, Trade Unions and Organisations of Employers

7. Subject to paragraphs 18 and 21 below, the Race Relations Board shall not in the first instance investigate any matter falling to be investigated under this Part of this Schedule, but shall refer it to the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity, and (subject as aforesaid) the Secretary of State shall—

(a) if satisfied that there is a body of persons suitable to consider any matter referred to him under this paragraph, refer it to that body for investigation by them;

(b) if not, refer it to the Board for investigation by them or by a conciliation committee.

8. A body of persons investigating any matter referred to them under this Part of this Schedule—

(a) shall make such inquiries as they think necessary with

respect thereto and form an opinion whether any person has done any act which is unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this Act; and

(b) where the investigation relates to an act suspected of amounting to discrimination against a particular person, shall use their best endeavours by communication with the persons concerned or otherwise to secure a settlement of any difference between them and, where appropriate, a satisfactory assurance against any repetition of the act considered to be unlawful or the doing of further acts of a similar kind by the person by whom it was done; and

3 Q* 4

Scil 3

1950

Ch. 71

Race Relations Act 1968

Sch. 3

(c) where the investigation does not so relate, shall, where appropriate, use their best endeavours to secure such an assurance as aforesaid.

9. A body of persons to whom a matter is referred under this Schedule shall, on the expiration of the period of four weeks from the reference of the matter to them or on completion of their investigation, whichever occurs first, report to the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity whether in their opinion an act has been done which is unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this Act and, if so, whether they have been able to secure such a settlement and assurance or, as the case may be, such an assurance as are mentioned in paragraph 8 above.

10. Where the Secretary of State—

(a) receives a report from a body of persons under paragraph 9

above that they have failed within the said period of four weeks to secure such a settlement and assurance or, as the case may be, such an assurance; or

(b) receives no report under that paragraph from such a body;

he may after consultation with the Race Relations Board request that body to continue to investigate the matter for a specified period or to cease investigating it.

11. Where the Secretary of State requests a body of persons to continue as aforesaid, paragraphs 8 to 10 above shall apply to the investigation as they apply to an investigation on its original reference under this Part of this Schedule with the substitution of references to the specified period for references to the said period of four weeks.

12. A body of persons to whom a matter is referred under this Part of this Schedule shall, on completion of their investigation, give a written notification to the persons appearing to them to be concerned stating—

(a) whether or not they have been able to form an opinion with

respect to the matter and, if they have, what opinion;

(b) whether or not they have secured such a settlement and assurance or, as the case may be. such an assurance as are mentioned in paragraph 8 above; and

(c) that they will report to the Secretary of State for Employment

and Productivity on their investigation;

and stating the rights of any such person who is aggrieved by the conclusion or any other decision of that body.

13. Where in pursuance of paragraph 10 above the Secretary of State requests a body of persons to whom a matter has been referred under this Part of this Schedule to cease investigating the matter, he shall refer the matter to the Race Relations Board and it shall be the duty of the Board to investigate it.

Race Relations Act 1968

Ch. 71

1951

14. Where the Race Relations Board are notified by any person appearing to them to be concerned that he is aggrieved by a decision of any body of persons to whom a matter has been referred under this Schedule, then, subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, the Board may determine that the matter be not further investigated or may refer it back to that body for further investigation or may investigate it themselves, and where the Board refer the matter back to that body, paragraphs 8, 9, 12 and 13 above shall apply to the matter as they apply to a matter referred to such a body by the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity—

(a) with the substitution for references to the Secretary of State

of references to the Board; and

(b) with the omission in paragraphs 9 and 13 of any reference to any period or to dealing with a matter within or after the end of a period.

15. Where the Race Relations Board are notified by any such person that he is aggrieved by any such decision and it appears to the Board that that decision was not disputed by him within a week of his being given a written notification of the decision in accordance with paragraph 12 above, or within such further period as die Board may in special circumstances allow, the Board shall disregard the notification under paragraph 14 above.

16. Where a matter originally referred to a body of persons by the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity under this Schedule is again referred to them by the Race Relations Board for further consideration and that body reports to the Board that they have been unable to secure such a settlement and assurance or, as the case may be, such an assurance as are mentioned in paragraph 8 above or where it appears to the Board that that body have been unable to secure such a setdement and assurance, or, as the case may be, such an assurance, the Board may investigate the matter themselves or determine that it be not further investigated.

17. Subject to paragraphs 18 to 20 below, where a matter falling to be investigated under this Part of this Schedule is referred to the Board thereunder. Part I of this Schedule shall apply to the matter as it applies to a matter falling to be investigated under that Part of this Schedule, except that so much of paragraph 1 as provides for the reference of a matter to a conciliation committee and paragraphs 4 and 6 of this Schedule shall not apply to a matter referred to the Board under paragraph 13 above.

18. Where it appears to the Race Relations Board on first considering a matter falling to be investigated under this Part of this Schedule that it may relate to an act done in breach of a relevant assurance, then, notwithstanding anything in paragraph 7 above, the Board shall retain the complaint for investigation in accordance with paragraph 19 below.

Sch. 3

1952

Ch. 71

Race Relations Act

Sch. 3

Section 25.

19. Where a matter falls to be investigated in accordance with this paragraph, the Race Relations Board shall either investigate it themselves or—

(a) if there is a body of persons notified to them by the

Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity as being a body suitable to consider the matter, refer it to them for investigation;

(b) if there is not. refer it to a conciliation committee for investigation.

20. Where on investigating a matter under this Part of this Schedule the Board or any such body or committee form the opinion that an act has been done which is unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this Act. they shall also form an opinion whether the act was done in breach of a relevant assurance; and—

(a) where any such committee form the opinion that it was

done in breach of such an assurance they may. without more, report that fact to the Board;

(b) where any such body form that opinion, they may, without

more, report that fact to the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity and the Board; and

(c) where the Board form that opinion or where they receive a

report made by any such committee or body under this paragraph, they may, without more, determine to bring proceedings under section 19 or 20 of this Act

21. Where it appears to the Race Relations Board that an act suspected of being unlawful by virtue of any provision of Part I of this Act relates to employment and that it was done by a person acting as agent for another person, but without the authority of that other person, the Board shall deal with it as a matter falling to be investigated under Part I of this Schedule, and that Part of this Schedule shall, notwithstanding anything in section 17 of this Act, apply to the investigation of the matter accordingly.

SCHEDULE 4

Provisions as to the Community Relations Commission

1. A person appointed to be a member of the Community Relations Commission shall hold and vacate office under the terms of the instrument by which he is appointed, but may at any time resign his office; and a person who ceases to hold office as a member of the Commission shall be eligible for reappointment

2. The Commission may appoint such officers and servants as they may, after consultation with the Secretary of State and with the consent of the Treasury, determine.

3. The Secretary of State shall pay to the members of the Commission such remuneration and allowances as he may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine.

Race Relations Act 1968

Ch. 71

1953

4. The Commission shall pay to their officers and servants such remuneration as they may, with the consent of the Treasury and after consultation with the Secretary of State, determine.

5. The Commission may, in the case of such of its members, officers and servants as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasury determine, pay to or in respect of them such pensions or gratuities, or make such payments towards the provision of pensions or gratuities, as may be so determined.

6. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament the expenses of the Secretary of State under paragraph 3 above, together with the expenses of the Commission under paragraph 4 or 5 above and, to such amount as the Secretary of State may with the consent of the Treasury approve, any other expenses of the Commission.

7. Notwithstanding anything in paragraph 6 above, the Commission may accept financial assistance otherwise than out of moneys provided by Parliament towards the defraying of their expenses.

8. In Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 (bodies of which all members are disqualified under that Act), in its application to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, there shall be inserted (at the appropriate point in alphabetical order) the entry "The Community Relations Commission

Sch. 4

1957 c. 20.

Ch. 72

1955

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

1968 CHAFFER 72

An Act to amend the law relating to town and country planning, the compulsory acquisition of land and the disposal of land by public authorities; to make provision for grants for research relating to, and education with respect to, the planning and design of the physical environment; to extend the purposes for which Exchequer contributions may be made under the Town Development Act 1952; and for connected purposes.

[25th October 1968]

Be rr enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

New Provisions as to Development Plans Survey and structure plan 1.—(1) It shall be the duty of the local planning authority Survey of to institute a survey of their area, in so far as they have not planning areas, already done so, examining the matters which may be expected to affect the development of that area or the planning of its development and in any event to keep all such matters under review.

(2) Notwithstanding that the local planning authority have carried out their duty under subsection (1) above, the authority may, if they think fit, and shall, if directed to do so by die Minister, institute a fresh survey of their area examining the matters mentioned in that subsection.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this section, the matters to be examined and kept under review thereunder shall include the following, that is to say: —

(a) the principal physical and economic characteristics of the area of the authority (including the principal

1956

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part I

Preparation of

structure

plans.

purposes for which land is used) and, so far as they may be expected to affect that area, of any neighbouring areas;

(b) the size, composition and distribution of the population

of that area (whether resident or otherwise);

(c) without prejudice to paragraph (a) above, the com-

munications, transport system and traffic of that area and, so far as they may be expected to affect that area, of any neighbouring areas;

(d) any considerations not mentioned in any of the foregoing

paragraphs which may be expected to affect any matters so mentioned;

(e) such other matters as may be prescribed or as the Minister may in a particular case direct;

(/) any changes already projected in any of the matters mentioned in any of the foregoing paragraphs and the effect which those changes are likely to have on the development of that area or the planning of such development.

(4) A local planning authority shall, for the purpose of discharging their functions under this section of examining and keeping under review any matters relating to the area of another such authority, consult with that other authority about those matters.

(5) Subsection (1) above shall, as respects any period during which this section is in operation in part only of the area of a local planning authority, be construed as requiring a local planning authority to institute a survey of that part of that area and to keep under review matters affecting only that part of that area; and subsection (2) above shall, whether or not this section is in operation in the whole of such an area, have effect as if the power thereby conferred included power for a local planning authority to institute, and for the Minister to direct them to institute, a fresh survey of part only of their area; and references in subsection (3) above to the area of a local planning authority or any neighbouring areas shall be construed accordingly.

2.—(1) The local planning authority shall, within such period from the commencement of this section within their area as the Minister may direct, prepare and send the Minister a report of their survey under section 1 above and at the same time prepare and submit to him for his approval a structure plan for their area complying with the provisions of subsection (3) below.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Ch. 72

1957

(2) The said report shall include an estimate of any changes likely to occur during such period as the Minister may direct in the matters mentioned in section 1(3) above; and different periods may be specified by any such direction in relation to different matters.

(3) The structure plan for any area shall be a written statement—

(a) formulating the local planning authority’s policy and

general proposals in respect of the development and other use of land in that area (including measures for the improvement of the physical environment and the management of traffic);

(b) stating the relationship of those proposals to general proposals for the development and other use of land in neighbouring areas which may be expected to affect that area; and

(c) containing such other matters as may be prescribed or

as the Minister may in any particular case direct.

(4) In formulating their policy and general proposals under subsection (3)(a) above, the local planning authority shall secure that the policy and proposals are justified by the results of their survey under section 1 above and by any other information which they may obtain and shall have regard—

(a) to current policies with respect to the economic planning

and development of the region as a whole;

(b) to the resources likely to be available for the carrying

out of the proposals of the structure plan; and

(c) to such other matters as the Minister may direct them

to take into account.

(5) A local planning authority’s general proposals under this section with respect to land in their area shall indicate any part of that area (in this Act referred to as an " action area ") which they have selected for the commencement during a prescribed period of comprehensive treatment, in accordance with a local plan prepared for the selected area as a whole, by development, redevelopment or improvement of the whole or part of the area selected, or partly by one and partly by another method, and the nature of the treatment selected.

(6) A structure plan for any area shall contain or be accompanied by such diagrams, illustrations and descriptive matter as the local planning authority think appropriate for the purpose of explaining or illustrating the proposals in the plan, or as may be prescribed, or as may in any particular case be specified in directions given by the Minister; and any such diagrams, illustrations and descriptive matter shall be treated as forming part of the plan.

Part I

﻿1958 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part I (7) At any time before the Minister has under section 4 below approved a structure plan with respect to the whole of the area of a local planning authority, the authority may with his consent, and shall, if so directed by him, prepare and submit to him for his approval a structure plan relating to part of that area; and where the Minister has given a consent or direction for the preparation of a structure plan for part of such an area, references in this Part of this Act to such an area shall, in relation to a structure plan, be construed as including references to part of that area.

Publicity in 3.—(1) When preparing a structure plan for their area and

connection before finally determining its content for submission to the preparation of Minister, the local planning authority shall take such steps as structure plan, will in their opinion secure—

(a) that adequate publicity is given in their area to the report of the survey under section 1 above and to the matters which they propose to include in the plan;

(b) that persons who may be expected to desire an opportunity of making representations to the authority with respect to those matters are made aware that they are entitled to an opportunity of doing so; and

(c) that such persons are given an adequate opportunity of

making such representations;

and the authority shall consider any representations made to them within the prescribed period.

(2) Not later than the submission of a structure plan to the Minister, the local planning authority shall make copies of the plan as submitted to the Minister available for inspection at their office and at such other places as may be prescribed; and each copy shall be accompanied by a statement of the time within which objections to the plan may be made to the Minister.

(3) A structure plan submitted by the local planning authority to the Minister for his approval shall be accompanied by a statement containing such particulars, if any, as may be prescribed—

(a) of the steps which the authority have taken to comply

with subsection (1) above; and

(b) of the authority’s consultations with, and consideration

of the views of, other persons with respect to those matters.

(4) If after considering the statement submitted with, and the matters included in, the structure plan and any other information provided by the local planning authority, the Minister is satisfied that the purposes of paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (1) above have been adequately achieved by the steps taken by the

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1959

authority in compliance with that subsection, he shall proceed to consider whether to approve the structure plan; and if he is not so satisfied, he shall return the plan to the authority and direct them—

(a) to take such further action as he may specify in order

better to achieve those purposes; and

(b) after doing so, to resubmit the plan with such modifica-

tions, if any, as they then consider appropriate and, if so required by the direction, to do so within a specified period.

(5) Where the Minister returns the structure plan to the local planning authority under subsection (4) above, he shall inform the authority of his reasons for doing so and, if any person has made to him an objection to the plan, shall also inform that person that he has returned the plan.

(6) A local planning authority who are given directions by the Minister under subsection (4) above shall forthwith withdraw the copies of the plan made available for inspection as required by subsection (2) above.

(7) Subsections (2) to (6) of this section shall apply, with the necessary modifications, in relation to a structure plan resubmitted to the Minister in accordance with directions given by him under subsection (4) as they apply in relation to the plan as originally submitted.

4.—(1) The Minister may, after considering a structure plan submitted (or resubmitted) to him, either approve it (in whole or in part and with or without modifications or reservations) or reject it.

(2) In considering any such plan the Minister may take into account any matters which he thinks are relevant, whether or not they were taken into account in the plan as submitted to him.

(3) Where on taking any such plan into consideration the Minister does not determine then to reject it, he shall, before determining whether or not to approve it,—

(a) consider any objections to the plan, so far as they are

made in accordance with regulations under this Part of this Act;

(b) afford to any persons whose objections so made are not

withdrawn an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by him for the purpose; and

(c) if a local inquiry or other hearing is held, also afford the like opportunity to the local planning authority and such other persons as he thinks fit

Part I

Approval or rejection of structure plan by Minister.

I960

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part I (4) Without prejudice to subsection (3) above, on considering a structure plan the Minister may consult with, or consider the views of, any local planning authority or other persons, but shall not be under an obligation to consult with, or consider the views of, any other authority or persons or, except as provided by that subsection, to afford an opportunity for the making of any objections or other representations, or to cause any local inquiry or other hearing to be held.

Alteration of 5.—(1) At any time after the approval of a structure plan for

structure plans, their area a local planning authority may submit to the Minister and shall, if so directed by the Minister, submit to him within a period specified in the direction, proposals for such alterations to that plan as appear to them to be expedient or as the Minister may direct, as the case may be, and any such proposals may relate to the whole or to part of that area.

(2) The local planning authority shall send with the proposals submitted by them under this section a report of the results of their review of the relevant matters under section 1 above together with any other information on which the proposals are based, and sections 3 and 4 above shall apply, with any necessary modifications, in relation to the proposals as they apply in relation to a structure plan.

Local plans

Preparation of 6.—(1) A local planning authority who are in course of pre-

local plans. paring a structure plan for their area, or have prepared for their area a structure plan which has not been approved or rejected by the Minister, may, if they think it desirable, prepare a local plan for any part of that area.

(2) Where a structure plan for their area has been approved by the Minister, the local planning authority shall as soon as practicable consider, and thereafter keep under review, the desirability of preparing and, if they consider it desirable and they have not already done so, shall prepare a local plan for any part of the area.

(3) A local plan shall consist of a map and a written statement and shall—

(a) formulate in such detail as the authority think appro-

priate the authority’s proposals for the development and other use of land in that part of their area or for any description of development or other use of such land (including in either case such measures as the authority think fit for the improvement of the physical environment and the management of traffic); and

(b) contain such matters as may be prescribed or as the Minister may in any particular case direct.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1961

(4) Different local plans may be prepared for different purposes for the same part of any area.

(5) A local plan for any area shall contain, or be accompanied by, such diagrams, illustrations and descriptive matter as the local planning authority think appropriate for the purpose of explaining or illustrating the proposals in the plan, or as may be prescribed, or as may in any particular case be specified in directions given by the Minister; and any such diagrams, illustrations and descriptive matter shall be treated as forming part of the plan.

(6) Where an area is indicated as an action area in a structure plan which has been approved by the Minister, the local planning authority shall (if they have not already done so), as soon as practicable after the approval of the plan, prepare a local plan for that area.

(7) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this section, the local planning authority shall, if the Minister gives them a direction in that behalf with respect to a part of an area for which a structure plan has been, or is in course of being, prepared, as soon as practicable prepare for that part a local plan of such nature as may be specified in the direction.

(8) Directions under subsection (7) above may be given by the Minister either before or after he approves the structure plan; but no such directions shall require a local planning authority to take any steps to comply therewith until the structure plan has been approved by him.

(9) In formulating their proposals in a local plan the local planning authority shall secure that the proposals conform generally to the structure plan as it stands for the time being (whether or not it has been approved by the Minister) and shall have regard to any information and any other considerations which appear to~ them to be relevant, or which may be prescribed, or which the Minister may in any particular case direct them to take into account.

(10) Before giving a direction under the foregoing provisions of this section to a local planning authority, the Minister shall consult the authority with respect to the proposed direction.

(11) Where a local planning authority are required by this section to prepare a local plan, they shall take steps for the adoption of the plan.

7.—(1) A local planning authority who propose to prepare a local plan shall take such steps as will in their opinion secure—

(a) that adequate publicity is given in their area to any relevant matter arising out of a survey of the area

Part I

Publicity in connection with

preparation of local plans.

1962

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part I

carried out by them under section 1 of this Act and to the matters proposed to be included in the plan;

(b) that persons who may be expected to desire an oppor-

tunity of making representations to the authority with respect to those matters are made aware that they are entitled to an opportunity of doing so; and

(c) that such persons are given an adequate opportunity of

making such representations; and the authority shall consider any representations made to them within the prescribed period.

(2) When the local planning authority have prepared a local plan, they shall, before adopting it or submitting it for approval under section 9(4) of this Act (but not before the Minister has approved the structure plan so far as it applies to the area of that local plan), make copies of the local plan available for inspection at their office and at such other places as may be prescribed and send a copy to the Minister; and each copy made available for inspection shall be accompanied by a statement of the time within which objections to the local plan may be made to the authority.

(3) A copy of a local plan sent to the Minister under subsection (2) above shall be accompanied by a statement containing such particulars, if any, as may be prescribed—

(a) of the steps which the authority have taken to comply

with subsection (1) above; and

(b) of the authority’s consultations with, and their considera-

tion of the views of, other persons.

(4) If, on considering the statement submitted with, and the matters included in, the local plan and any other information provided by the local planning authority, the Minister is not satisfied that the purposes of paragraphs (a) to (c) erf subsection

(1) above have been adequately achieved by the steps taken by the authority in compliance with that subsection, he may, within twenty-one days of the receipt of the statement, direct the authority not to take any further steps for the adoption of the plan without taking such further action as he may specify in order better to achieve those purposes and satisfying him that they have done so.

(5) A local planning authority who are given directions by the Minister under subsection (4) above shall—

(a) forthwith withdraw the copies of the local plan made

available for inspection as required by subsection (2) above, and

(b) notify any person by whom objections to the local plan

have been made to the authority that the Minister has given such directions as aforesaid.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1963

8.—(1) For the purpose of considering objections made to a Part I local plan the local planning authority may, and shall in the inquiries, etc. case of objections so made in accordance with regulations under with respect this Part of this Act, cause a local inquiry or other hearing toto local Pians be held by a person appointed by the Minister or, in such cases as may be prescribed by regulations under this Part of this Act, by the authority themselves, and—

(a) section 290(2) and (3) of the Local Government Act 1933 c. 51.

1933 (power to summon and examine witnesses) shall apply to an inquiry held under this section as it applies to an inquiry held under that section;

(b) the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1958 shall apply to a 1958 c. 66.

local inquiry or other hearing held under this section as it applies to a statutory inquiry held by the Minister, but as if in section 12(1) of that Act (statement of reasons for decisions) the reference to any decision taken by the Minister were a reference to a decision taken by a local authority.

(2) Regulations made for the purposes of subsection (1) above may—

(a) make provision with respect to the appointment and qualifications for appointment of persons to hold a local inquiry or other hearing under that subsection, including provision enabling the Minister to direct a local planning authority to appoint a particular person, or one of a specified list or class of persons;

(b) make provision with respect to the remuneration and allowances of a person appointed for the said purpose.

9.—(1) After the expiry of the period afforded for making Adoption and objections to a local plan or, if such objections have been duly approval of made during that period, after considering the objections so local plans-made, the local planning authority may, subject to section 7 above and subsections (2) and (3) below, by resolution adopt the plan either as originally prepared or as modified so as to take account of any such objections or of any matters arising out of such objections.

(2) The local planning authority shall not adopt a local plan unless it conforms generally to the structure plan as approved by the Minister.

(3) After copies of a local plan have been sent to the Minister and before the plan has been adopted by the local planning authority, the Minister may direct that the plan shall not have effect unless approved by him.

1964

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part I (4) Where the Minister gives a direction under subsection

(3) above, the local planning authority shall submit the plan accordingly to him for his approval, and—

(a) section 4 above shall, subject to paragraph (b) below,

apply in relation to the plan as it applies in relation to a structure plan;

(b) before deciding whether or not to approve the plan the Minister shall not be obliged to consider any objections thereto if objections thereto have been considered by the authority, or to cause an inquiry or other hearing to be held into the plan if any such inquiry or hearing has already been held at the instance of the authority; and

(c) after the giving of the direction the authority shall have

no further power or duty to hold a local inquiry or other hearing under section 8 above in connection with the plan.

Alteration of 10.—(1) A local planning authority may at any time make

local plans. proposals for the alteration, repeal or replacement of a local plan adopted by them and may at any time, with the consent of the Minister, make proposals for the alteration, repeal or replacement of a local plan approved by him.

(2) Without prejudice to subsection (1) above, a local planning authority shall, if the Minister gives them a direction in that behalf with respect to a local plan adopted by them or approved by him, as soon as practicable prepare proposals of a kind specified in the direction, being proposals for the alteration, repeal or replacement of the plan.

(3) The provisions of sections 6(9) to (11), 7, 8 and 9 above shall apply in relation to the making of proposals for the alteration, repeal or replacement of a local plan under this section, and to alterations to a local plan so proposed, as they apply in relation to the preparation of a local plan under the said section 6 and to a local plan prepared thereunder, but as if the reference in section 9 (4) (a) to section 4 above were a reference to section 5 above.

Supplementary provisions Disregarding of n. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of vSh^oertto ^ct* ne^er Minister nor a local planning authority shall development ° be required to consider representations or objections with respect authorised by to a structure plan, a local plan or any proposal to alter, repeal or under other or replace any such plan if it appears to die Minister or the auth-enactments. ority, as the case may be, that those representations or objections are in substance representations or objections with respect to things done or proposed to be done in pursuance of—

(a) an order or scheme under section 7, 9, 11 or 13 of the 1959 c. 25. Highways Act 1959 (trunk road orders, special road

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1965

schemes and ancillary orders), or under any enactment Part I repealed by that Act making provision corresponding to any of those sections;

(b) an order under section 1 of the New Towns Act 1946 1946 c. 68. or 1965 (designation of sites of new towns). 1965 c. 59.

12.—(1) Where, by virtue of any of the foregoing provisions Default powers of this Part of this Act, any survey is required to be carried of Minister, out, or any structure or local plan or proposals for the alteration, repeal or replacement thereof are required to be prepared or submitted to the Minister, or steps are required to be taken for the adoption of any such plan or proposals, then—

(a) if at any time the Minister is satisfied, after holding a

local inquiry or other hearing, that the local planning authority are not carrying out the survey or are not taking die steps necessary to enable them to submit or adopt such a plan or proposals within a reasonable period; or

(b) in a case where a period is specified for the submission

or adoption of any such plan or proposals, if no such plan or proposals have been submitted or adopted within that period, the Minister may carry out the survey or prepare and make a structure plan or local plan or, as the case may be, alter, repeal or replace it, as he thinks fit.

(2) Where under subsection (1) above the Minister has power to do anything which should have been done by a local planning authority, he may, if he thinks fit, authorise any other local planning authority who appear to the Minister to have an interest in the proper planning of the area of the first-mentioned authority to do that thing.

(3) Where under this section anything which ought to have been done by a local planning authority is done by the Minister or another such authority, the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act shall, so far as applicable, apply with any necessary modifications in relation to die doing of that thing by the Minister and the latter authority and the thing so done.

(4) Where the Minister incurs expenses under this section in connection with the doing of anything which should have been done by a local planning authority, so much of those expenses as may be certified by the Minister to have been incurred in the performance of functions of that authority shall on demand be repaid by that authority to the Minister.

(5) Where under this section anything which should have been done by one local planning authority is done by another such authority, and expenses reasonably incurred in connection with

1966

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part l the doing of that thing by the latter authority, as certified by the Minister, shall be repaid to the latter authority by the former authority.

Supplementary 13.—(1) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this ?o stractme* ^art °* Act*the Minister may make regulations with respect and local plans.to *orm anc* content of structure and local plans and with respect to the procedure to be followed in connection with their preparation, submission, withdrawal, approval, adoption, making, alteration, repeal and replacement; and in particular any such regulations may—

(a) provide for the publicity to be given to the report of any

survey carried out by a local planning authority under section 1 of this Act;

(b) provide for the notice to be given of, or the publicity to

be given to, matters included or proposed to be included in any such plan, and the approval, adoption or making of any such plan or any alteration, repeal or replacement thereof or to any other prescribed procedural step, and for publicity to be given to the procedure to be followed as aforesaid;

(c) make provision with respect to the making and con-

sideration of representations with respect to matters to be included in, or objections to, any such plan or proposals for its alteration, repeal or replacement;

(d) without prejudice to paragraph (b) above, provide for

notice to be given to particular persons of the approval, adoption or alteration of any plan, if they have objected to the plan and have notified the local planning authority of their wish to receive notice, subject (if the regulations so provide) to the payment of a reasonable charge for receiving it;

(e) require or authorise a local planning authority to con-

sult with, or consider the views of, other persons before taking any prescribed procedural step;

(/) require a local planning authority, in such cases as may be prescribed or in such particular cases as the Minister may direct, to provide persons making a request in that behalf with copies of any plan or document which has been made public for the purpose mentioned in section 3(l)(a) or 7(l)(a) of this Act or has been made available for inspection under section 3(2) or 7(2) of this Act, subject (if the regulations so provide) to the payment of a reasonable charge therefor;

(g) provide for the publication and inspection of any structure plan or local plan which has been approved, adopted or made, or any document approved, adopted

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1967

or made altering, repealing or replacing any such plan, and for copies of any such plan or document to be made available on sale.

(2) Regulations under this section may extend throughout England and Wales or to specified areas only and may make different provisions for different cases.

(3) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act and to any regulations under this section, the Minister may give directions to any local planning authority, or to local planning authorities generally,—

(a) for formulating the procedure for the carrying out of

their functions under this Part of this Act;

(b) for requiring them to give him such information as he

may require for carrying out any of his functions under this Part of this Act.

(4) Subject to the provisions of section 176 of the principal Act (validity of development plans etc.), a structure plan or local plan or any alteration, repeal or replacement thereof shall become operative on a date appointed for the purpose in the relevant notice of approval, resolution of adoption or notice of the making, alteration, repeal or replacement of the plan.

14. In their application to Greater London the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect subject to the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act.

Part II

Enforcement of Planning Control Enforcement notices

15.—(1) Where it appears to the local planning authority that there has been a breach of planning control after the end of 1963, then, subject to any directions given by the Minister and to the following provisions of this section, the authority, if they consider it expedient to do so having regard to the provisions of the development plan and to any other material considerations, may serve a notice under this section (in this Act and the principal Act referred to as an " enforcement notice ") requiring the breach to be remedied.

(2) There is a breach of planning control if development has been carried out, whether before or after the commencement of this Part of this Act, without the grant of planning permission required in that behalf in accordance with Part III of the principal Act, or if any conditions or limitations subject to which planning permission was granted have not been complied with.

3 R

Part I

Application to

Greater

London.

New

provision as to

enforcement

notices.

1968 Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part n (3) Where an enforcement notice relates to a breach of planning control consisting in—

(a) the carrying out without planning permission of build-

ing, engineering, mining or other operations in, on, over or under land; or

(b) the failure to comply with any condition or limitation

which relates to the carrying out of such operations and subject to which planning permission was granted for the development of that land; or

(c) the making without planning permission of a change of

use of any building to use as a single dwelling-house,

it may be served only within the period of four years from the date of the breach.

(4) An enforcement notice shall be served on the owner and on the occupier of the land to which it relates and on any other person having an interest in that land, being an interest which in the opinion of the authority is materially affected by the notice.

(5) An enforcement notice shall specify—

(a) the matters alleged to constitute a breach of planning

control;

(b) the steps required by the authority to be taken in order

to remedy the breach, that is to say steps for the purpose of restoring the land to its condition before the development took place or (according to the particular circumstances of the breach) of securing compliance with the conditions or limitations subject to which planning permission was granted; and

(c) the period for compliance with the notice, that is to

say the period (beginning with the date when the notice takes effect) within which those steps are required to be taken.

(6) The steps which may be required by an enforcement notice to be taken include the demolition or alteration of any buildings or works, die discontinuance of any use of land, or the carrying out on land of any building or other operations.

(7) Subject to section 16 below, an enforcement notice shall take effect at the end of such period, not less than twenty-eight days after the service of the notice, as may be specified in the notice.

(8) The local planning authority may withdraw an enforcement notice (without prejudice to their power to serve another) at any time before it takes effect; and, if they do so, they shall forthwith give notive of the withdrawal to every person who was served with the notice.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1969

16.—(1) A person on whom an enforcement notice is served Part II or any other person having an interest in the land may, at Appeal against any time within the period specified in the notice as the period enforcement at the end of which it is to take effect, appeal to the Minister notico* against the notice on any of the following grounds:—

(a) that planning permission ought to be granted for the

development to which the notice relates or, as the case may be, that a condition or limitation alleged in the enforcement notice not to have been complied with ought to be discharged;

(b) that the matters alleged in the notice do not constitute

a breach of planning control;

(c) in the case of a notice which, by virtue of section 15(3)

above, may be served only within the period of four years from the date of the breach of planning control to which the notice relates, that that period has elapsed at the date of service;

(d) in the case of a notice not falling within paragraph (c) above, that the breach of planning control alleged by the notice occurred before the beginning of 1964;

(e) that the enforcement notice was not served as required by section 15(4) of this Act;

(/) that the steps required by the notice to be taken exceed what is necessary to remedy any breach of planning control;

(g) that the specified period for compliance with the notice falls short of what should reasonably be allowed.

(2) An appeal under this section shall be made by notice in writing to the Minister, which shall indicate the grounds of the appeal and state the facts on which it is based; and on any such appeal the Minister shall, if either the appellant or the local planning authority so desire, afford to each of them an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose.

(3) Where an appeal is brought under this section, the enforcement notice shall be of no effect pending the final determination or the withdrawal of the appeal.

(4) On an appeal under this section—

(a) the Minister may correct any informality, defect or error in the enforcement notice if he is satisfied that the informality, defect or error is not material;

(b) in a case where it would otherwise be a ground for determining the appeal in favour of the appellant that a person required by section 15(4) of this Act to be served with the notice was not served, the Minister may

3 R 2

1970

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part II

disregard that fact if neither the appellant nor that person has been substantially prejudiced by the failure to serve him.

(5) On the determination of an appeal under this section, the Minister shall give directions for giving effect to his determination, including, where appropriate, directions for quashing the enforcement notice or for varying the terms of the notice in favour of the appellant; and the Minister may—

(a) grant planning permission for the development to

which the enforcement notice relates or, as the case may be, discharge any condition or limitation subject to which planning permission for that development was granted;

(b) determine any purpose for which the land may, in the

circumstances obtaining at the time of the determination, be lawfully used having regard to any past use thereof and to any planning permission relating to the land.

(6) In considering whether to grant planning permission under subsection (5) above, the Minister shall have regard to the provisions of the development plan, so far as material to the subject-matter of the enforcement notice, and to any other material considerations; and any planning permission granted by him under that subsection may—

(a) include permission to retain or complete any buildings

or works on the land, or to do so without complying with some condition attached to a previous planning permission;

(b) be granted subject to such conditions as the Minister

thinks fit;

and where under that subsection he discharges a condition or limitation, he may substitute another condition or limitation for it, whether more or less onerous.

(7) Where an appeal against an enforcement notice is brought under this section, the appellant shall be deemed to have made an application for planning permission for the development to which the notice relates and, in relation to any exercise by the Minister of his powers under subsection (5) above, the following provisions shall have effect:—-

(a) any planning permission granted thereunder shall be

treated as granted on the said application;

(b) in relation to a grant of planning permission or a

determination under that subsection, the Minister’s decision shall be final; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1971

(c) for the purposes of section 19(4) of the principal Act Part II (local planning authority’s register of planning applications), the decision shall be treated as having been given by the Minister in dealing with an application for planning permission made to the local planning authority.

Established use

17.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, a use of Certification of

land is established if— established

use.

(a) it was begun before the beginning of 1964 without

planning permission in that behalf and has continued since the end of 1963; or

(b) it was begun before the beginning of 1964 under a planning permission in that behalf granted subject to conditions or limitations, which either have never been complied with or have not been complied with since the end of 1963; or

(c) it was begun after the end of 1963 as the result of a

change of use not requiring planning permission and there has been, since the end of 1963, no change of use requiring planning permission.

(2) Where a person having an interest in land claims that a particular use of it has become established, he may apply to the local planning authority for a certificate (in this Act referred to as an " established use certificate ") to that effect:

Provided that no such application may be made in respect of the use of land as a single dwelling-house, or of any use not subsisting at the time of the application.

(3) An established use certificate may be granted (either by the local planning authority or, under section 18 below, by the Minister)—

(a) either for the whole of the land specified in the applica-

tion, or for a part of it; or

(b) in the case of an application specifying two or more uses,

either for all those uses or for some one or more of them.

(4) On an application to them under this section, the local planning authority shall, if and so far as they are satisfied that the applicant’s claim is made out, grant to him an established use certificate accordingly; and if and so far as they are not so satisfied, they shall refuse the application.

(5) Where an application is made to a local planning authority for an established use certificate, then unless within such period

3 R 3

1972

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act

Part II as may be prescribed by a development order, or within such extended period as may at any time be agreed upon in writing between die applicant and the local planning authority, the authority give notice to the applicant of their decision on the application, then, for the purposes of section 18(2) below, the application shall be deemed to be refused.

(6) Schedule 2 to this Act shall have effect with respect to established use certificates and applications therefor and to appeals under section 18 below.

(7) An established use certificate shall, as respects any matters stated therein, be conclusive for the purposes of an appeal to the Minister against an enforcement notice served in respect of any land to which the certificate relates, but only where the notice is served after the date of the application on which the certificate was granted.

(8) If any person, for the purpose of procuring a particular decision on an application (whether by himself or another) for an established use certificate or on an appeal arising out of such an application,—

(a) knowingly or recklessly makes a statement which is false in a material particular; or

(b) with intent to deceive, produces, furnishes, sends or otherwise makes use of any document which is false in a material particular; or

(c) with intent to deceive, withholds any material information,

he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400 or, on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or a fine, or both.

18.—(1) The Minister may give directions requiring applications for established use certificates to be referred to him instead of being dealt with by local planning authorities; and, on any such application being referred to him in accordance with such directions, section 17(4) above shall apply in relation to the Minister as it applies in relation to the local planning authority in the case of an application determined by them.

(2) Where an application is made to a local planning authority for an established use certificate and is refused, or is refused in part, the applicant may by notice under this subsection appeal to the Minister; and on any such appeal the Minister shall—

(a) if and so far as he is satisfied that the authority’s refusal is not well-founded, grant to the appellant an established use certificate accordingly or, as the case may

Grant of certificate by Minister on referred application or appeal against refusal.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1973

be, modify the certificate granted by the authority on Part n the application; and

(b) if and so far as he is satisfied that the authority’s refusal is well-founded, dismiss the appeal.

(3) On an application referred to him under subsection (1) above or on an appeal to him under subsection (2) above, the Minister may, in respect of any use of land for which an established use certificate is not granted (either by him or by the local planning authority), grant planning permission for that use or, as the case may be, for the continuance of that use without complying with some condition subject to which a previous planning permission was granted.

(4) Before determining an application or appeal under this section the Minister shall, if either the applicant or appellant (as the case may be) or the local planning authority so desire, afford to each of them an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by die Minister for the purpose.

(5) The decision of the Minister on an application referred to him, or on an appeal, under this section shall be final.

(6) In the case of any use of land for which the Minister has power to grant planning permission under this section, the applicant or appellant shall be deemed to have made an application for such planning permission; and any planning permission so granted shall be treated as granted on the said application.

Stop notices

19.—(1) Where in respect of any land the local planning Power to stop authority have served an enforcement notice, they may at J.urth1er any time before the notice takes effect serve a further notice (in this Act referred to as a " stop notice ") referring to, and proceedings having annexed to it a copy of, the enforcement notice and on enforcement prohibiting any person on whom the stop notice is served from notice, carrying out or continuing any specified operations on the land, being operations either alleged in the enforcement notice to constitute a breach of planning control or so closely associated therewith as to constitute substantially the same operations.

(2) The operations which may be the subject of a stop notice shall include the deposit of refuse or waste materials on land where that is a breach of planning control alleged in the enforcement notice.

(3) A stop notice may be served by the local planning authority on any person who appears to them to have an interest in the land or to be concerned with the carrying out or continuance of any operations thereon.

3 R 4

1974

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part II (4) A stop notice—

(a) shall specify the date (not earlier than three nor later

than fourteen days from the day on which the notice is first served on any person) when it is to take effect;

(b) in relation to any person served with it, shall have effect

as from that date or the third day after the date of service on him, whichever is the later; and

(c) shall, without prejudice to subsection (7) below, cease

to have effect when the enforcement notice takes effect or is withdrawn or quashed.

(5) If while a stop notice has effect in relation to him a person carries out, or causes or permits to be carried out, any operations prohibited by the notice, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine of not more than £400, or on conviction on indictment to a fine; and if the offence is continued after conviction he shall be liable on summary conviction to a further fine of not more than £50 for every day on which it is continued, or on conviction on indictment to a further fine.

(6) A stop notice shall not be invalid by reason that the enforcement notice to which it relates was not served as required by section 15(4) of this Act if it is shown that the local planning authority took all such steps as were reasonably practicable to effect proper service.

(7) The local planning authority may at any time withdraw a stop notice (without prejudice to their power to serve another) by serving notice to that effect on persons who were served with the stop notice, which shall cease to have effect as from the date of service of the notice under this subsection.

(8) Where a person (in this subsection called " the contractor") is under contract to another person (in this subsection called "the developer") to carry out any operations on land and—

(at) a stop notice takes effect (whether in relation to the developer or the contractor, or both) prohibiting the carrying out or continuance of those operations; and

(b) the operations are countermanded or discontinued by the contractor accordingly,

then, unless and in so far as the contract makes provision explicitly to the contrary of this subsection, the developer shall be under the same liability in contract as if the operations had been countermanded or discontinued on instructions given by him in breach of the contract.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1975

This subsection applies only to contracts entered into on or Part II before the end of 1969, whether before or after the commencement of this section.

20.—(1) Where a stop notice ceases to have effect, a person Compensation who, at the time when it was first served, had an interest in the land to which it relates shall, in any of the circumstances 1 s p 1 mentioned in subsection (2) below, be entitled to be compensated by the local planning authority in respect of any loss or damage directly attributable to the prohibition contained in the notice.

(2) A person shall be entitled to compensation under subsection (1) above in respect of a prohibition contained in a stop notice in any of the following circumstances:—

(a) the enforcement notice is quashed on any of the grounds

mentioned in paragraph (b), (c). (d) or (e) of section 16(1) above;

(b) the allegation in the enforcement notice on which the

prohibition in the stop notice is dependent is not upheld by reason that the enforcement notice is varied on one of those grounds;

(c) the enforcement notice is withdrawn by the local plan-

ning authority otherwise than in consequence of the grant by them of planning permission for the development to which the notice relates or for its retention or continuance without compliance with a condition or limitation subject to which a previous planning permission was granted;

(d) the stop notice is withdrawn.

(3) A prohibition in a stop notice shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (2) above as dependent on an allegation in an enforcement notice if and to the extent that the operations to which the prohibition in the stop notice relates are the same as those alleged in the enforcement notice to constitute a breach of planning control or are so closely associated therewith as to constitute substantially the same operations.

(4) A claim for compensation under this section shall be made to the local planning authority within the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under the principal Act.

(5) The loss or damage in respect of which compensation is payable under this section in respect of a prohibition shall include a sum payable in respect of a breach of contract caused by the taking of action necessary to comply with the prohibition or of any liability arising by virtue of section 19(8) of this Act

3 R*

1976

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Determination of planning

and similar

appeals by persons appointed by the Minister.

1967 c. 69.

Part III Appeals

21.—(1) An appeal to which this section applies, being an appeal of a prescribed class, shall, except in such classes of case as may for the time being be prescribed or as may be specified in directions given by the Minister, be determined by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose instead of by the Minister.

(2) This section applies to—

(a) appeals under section 23 of the principal Act (planning decisions), as originally enacted or as applied by or under any other provision of that Act;

(b) appeals under section 14 of the Civic Amenities Act 1967 (default powers and appeals in connection with tree preservation orders);

(c) appeals under section 16 of this Act, as originally

enacted or as applied by regulations under any provision of the principal Act;

(d) appeals under section 18(2) of this Act;

(e) appeals under Schedule 5 to this Act.

(3) Regulations made for the purpose of this section may provide for the giving of publicity to any directions given by the Minister under subsection (1) above.

(4) Subsection (1) above shall not affect any provision contained in this Act or the principal Act or any instrument thereunder that an appeal shall lie to, or a notice of appeal shall be served on, the Minister.

(5) A person appointed under this Part of this Act to determine an appeal shall have the like powers and duties in relation to the appeal as the Minister under whichever are relevant of the following provisions, that is to say—

(a) in relation to appeals under section 23 of the principal

Act, subsections (4) and (6) of that section;

(b) in relation to appeals under section 14 of the Civic Amenities Act 1967, sections 16(4) and (5) above;

(c) in relation to appeals under section 16 of this Act,

subsections (4) to (6) of that section;

(< d)in relation to appeals under section 18 of this Act, subsections (2) and (3) of that section;

(e) in relation to appeals under paragraph 7 of Schedule 5 to this Act, sub-paragraph (3) of that paragraph;

(/) in relation to appeals under paragraph 18 of that Schedule, sub-paragraphs (4) and (5) of that paragraph.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1977

(6) The provisions of section 23(5) of the principal Act, Part HI sections 16(2) and 18(4) above and paragraphs 7(4) and 18(2) of

the said Schedule 5, relating to the affording of an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Minister, shall not apply to an appeal which falls to be determined by a person appointed under this Part of this Act, but before the determination of any such appeal the Minister shall ask the applicant or appellant, as the case may require, and the local planning authority whether they wish to appear before and be heard by the person so appointed, and—

(a) the appeal may be determined without a hearing of the

parties if both of them express a wish not to appear and be heard as aforesaid; and

(b) the person so appointed shall, if either of the parties

expresses a wish to appear and be heard, afford to both of them an opportunity of so doing.

(7) Where an appeal to which this section applies has been determined by a person appointed under this Part of this Act, his decision shall be treated as that of the Minister and—

(a) except as provided by Part XI of the principal Act, the

validity of his decision shall not be questioned in any proceedings whatsoever;

(b) it shall not be a ground of application to the High Court

under section 179 of that Act, or of appeal to the High Court under section 180 or 181 thereof, that the appeal ought to have been determined by the Minister and not by that person, unless the challenge to the person’s power to determine the appeal was made (either by the appellant or the local planning authority) before his decision on the appeal was given.

(8) Where in any enactment (including this Act) there is a reference to the Minister in a context relating or capable of relating to an appeal to which this section applies, or to any thing done or authorised or required to be done by, to or before the Minister on or in connection with any such appeal, then so far as the context permits it shall be construed, in relation to an appeal determined or falling to be determined by a person appointed under this Part of this Act, as a reference to that person.

22.—(1) The Minister may, if he thinks fit, direct that an Determination appeal which, by virtue of section 21 above and apart from this of appeals by subsection, falls to be determined by a person appointed by the the M,mster* Minister shall instead be determined by the Minister.

(2) A direction under this section shall state the reasons for which it is given and shall be served on the person, if any, so

3 R* 2

1978

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part III

1967 c. 69.

appointed, the applicant or appellant, the local planning authority and any person who has made representations relating to the subject matter of the appeal which the authority are required to take into account under section 17 (3) (a) of the principal Act (representations by owners and agricultural tenants).

(3) Where in consequence of a direction under this section an appeal to which section 21 above applies falls to be determined by the Minister, whichever of the following provisions are relevant, that is to say those of—

the principal Act;

section 16 of this Act;

section 18(2) to (5) of this Act;

Part I of Schedule 5 to this Act; and

section 14 of the Civic Amenities Act 1967,

shall, subject to the following provisions of this section, apply to the appeal as if section 21 above had never applied thereto.

(4) Where in consequence of a direction under this section the Minister determines an appeal himself, he shall afford to the applicant or appellant, the local planning authority and any person who has made any such representations as aforesaid an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by die Minister for that purpose either—

(a) if the reasons for the direction raise matters with respect

to which either the applicant or appellant, or the local planning authority or any such person, have not made representations; or

(b) if the applicant or appellant or the local planning authority had not been asked in pursuance of section 21(6) above whether they wished to appear before and be heard by a person appointed to hear the appeal, or had been asked that question and had expressed no wish in answer thereto, or had expressed a wish to appear and be heard as aforesaid, but had not been afforded an opportunity of doing so.

(5) Except as provided by subsection (4) above, where the Minister determines an appeal in consequence of a direction under this section, he shall not be obliged to afford any person an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed for the purpose, or of making fresh representations or making or withdrawing any representations already made; and in determining the appeal the Minister’may take into account any report made to him by any person previously appointed to determine it.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1979

23. —(1) Where the Minister has appointed a person to deter- Part III

mine an appeal under section 21 above, the Minister may, at Appointment

any time before the determination of the appeal, appoint another of another

person to determine it instead of the first-mentioned person. person to r determine

(2) If before the appointment of a person under this section to an appeal-determine an appeal, the Minister had with reference to the person previously appointed, asked the question referred to in section 21(6) above, the question need not be asked again with reference to the person appointed under this section and any answers to the question shall be treated as given with reference to him, but—

(a) the consideration of the appeal or any inquiry or other

hearing in connection therewith, if already begun, shall be begun afresh; and

(b) it shall not be necessary to afford any person an opportunity of making fresh representations or modifying or withdrawing any representations already made.

24. —(1) A person appointed under this Part of this Act to Local determine an appeal may (whether or not the parties have asked inquiries and for an opportunity to appear and be heard) hold a local inquiry heanngs‘

in connection with the appeal and shall hold such an inquiry if the Minister directs him to do so.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) below, the costs—

(a) of any hearing held by virtue of section 21(6)(b) above;

and

(b) of any inquiry held by virtue of this section, shall be defrayed by the Minister.

(3) Subsections (2) to (5) of section 290 of the Local Govern- 1933 c. 51. ment Act 1933 (evidence and costs at local inquiries) shall apply

in relation to an inquiry held under this section as they apply in relation to an inquiry caused to be held by a department under subsection (1) of that section, with the substitution for references to a department (other than the first reference in subsection (4)) of references to the Minister.

25. If before or during the determination, whether by the Stopping Minister or otherwise, of an appeal under section 23 of the of appeals, principal Act (appeals against planning decisions) in respect of

an application for planning permission to develop land, the Minister forms the opinion that, having regard to the provisions of sections 17(1), 18(1) and 38 of that Act (planning permission and industrial development certificates), of section 1(3) of the Control of Office and Industrial Development Act 1965 (office 1965 c. 33. development permits) and of the development order and to any

3R*3

1980

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part HI

Supple-

mentary.

1958 c. 66.

1967 c. 13.

Repeal of existing provisions for compulsory acquisition of land.

1953 c. 36.

directions given under that order, planning permission for that development—

(a) could not have been granted by the local planning authority; or

(b) could not have been granted by them otherwise than subject to the conditions imposed by them,

he may decline to determine the appeal or to proceed with the determination or, as the case may be, may direct that the determination shall not be begun or proceeded with.

26.—(1) The Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1958 shall apply to a local inquiry or other hearing held in pursuance of this Part of this Act as it applies to a statutory inquiry held by the Minister, but as if in section 12(1) of that Act (statement of reasons for decisions) the reference to any decision taken by the Minister were a reference to a decision taken by a person appointed to determine the relevant appeal under this Part of this Act.

(2) The functions of determining an appeal and doing any* thing in connection therewith conferred by this Part of this Act on a person appointed to determine an appeal thereunder who is an officer of the Ministry of Housing and Local Government or the Welsh Office shall be treated for the purposes of the Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967—

(a) if he was appointed by the Minister of Housing and

Local Government, as functions of that Ministry; and

(b) if he was appointed by the Secretary of State, as func-

tions of the Welsh Office.

Part IV

Acquisition and Disposal of Land

Land acquisition by government departments and local authorities

27. Section 67 of the principal Act (compulsory acquisition of designated land by Ministers, local authorities and statutory undertakers) and section 68 of that Act (compulsory acquisition by local authorities of land for development) shall cease to have effect, and section 47 of the Post Office Act 1953 shall cease to have effect so far as it authorises the Postmaster General to acquire land compulsorily; and—

(a) sections 28 and 29 below shall have effect instead of those sections; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1981

(b) references in any other enactment to the designation in Part IV a development plan of land as land subject to compulsory acquisition and to land so designated shall cease to have effect.

2&—(1) The Minister may authorise a local authority to Compulsory whom this section applies to acquire compulsorily any land *^*kition of within their area if he is satisfied— connection

(a) that the land is required in order to secure the treat-with

ment as a whole, by development, redevelopment or developmmt improvement, or partly by one and partly by another ^nring * method, of the land or of any area in which the land is purposes, situated; or

(b) that it is expedient in the public interest that the land

should be held together with land so required; or

(c) that the land is required for development or redevelop-

ment, or both, as a whole for the purpose of providing for the relocation of population or industry or the replacement of open space in the course of the redevelopment or improvement, or both, of another area as a whole; or

(d) that it is expedient to acquire the land immediately for a purpose which it is necessary to achieve in the interests of the proper planning of an area in which the land is situated.

(2) Where under subsection (1) above the Minister has power to authorise a local authority to whom this section applies to acquire any land compulsorily he may, after the requisite consultation, authorise the land to be so acquired by another authority, being a local authority within the meaning of the principal Act

(3) Before giving an authorisation under subsection (2) above the Minister shall—

(a) where the land is in a county borough, consult with the

council of the borough;

(b) where the land is in a county district, consult with the

councils of the county and the county district;

(c) where the land is in a London borough, consult with the

council of the borough and with the Greater London Council.

(4) The Act of 1946 shall apply to the compulsory acquisition of land under this section and accordingly shall have effect as if this section had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act.

3 R* 4

1982

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act

Part IV (5) The local authorities to whom this section applies are the councils of counties, county boroughs, and county districts, the Greater London Council and councils of London boroughs.

Compulsory 29.—(1) The Minister of Public Building and Works may

«on of acquire compulsorily any land necessary for the public service.

"rtain (2) The Postmaster General may acquire compulsorily any

Ministers. land reqUjrecj for the purposes of the Post Office as defined in 1953 c. 33. section 87 of the Post Office Act 1953.

(3) The power of acquiring land compulsorily under this section shall include power to acquire an easement or other right over land by the grant of a new right:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to an easement or other right over any land which would for the purposes of the Act of 1946 form part of a common, open space or fuel or field garden allotment.

(4) The Act of 1946 shall apply to any compulsory acquisition by the Minister of Public Building and Works or the Postmaster General under this section as it applies to a compulsory acquisition by another Minister in a case falling within section 1(1) of that Act.

30.—(1) Schedule 3 to this Act (which makes provision corresponding to sections 9, 10, 11(1), 24 and 93 of the Land Commission Act 1967) shall have effect for the purpose of enabling any authority to whom this section applies to vest in themselves by a declaration land which they are authorised by a compulsory purchase order to acquire and with respect to the effect of such a declaration, the payment and recovery of sums in respect of compensation for the acquisition of land so vested and other matters connected therewith.

(2) This section applies to any Minister or local or other public authority authorised to acquire land by means of a compulsory purchase order, and any such authority is in the said Schedule 3 referred to as an acquiring authority.

Compulsory 31.—(1) In paragraph 11 of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1946

purchase or (which applies special parliamentary procedure in the case of —- compulsory purchase of land forming part of a common, open ' space, etc., and is applied by section 73 of the principal Act to appropriation of land by local authorities under that section), in sub-paragraph (1)(6) (exemption where land is required for widening of an existing highway and the Minister certifies that it is unnecessary to give land in exchange), for the words " that the land is " there shall be substituted the words " that the land does not exceed 250 square yards in extent or is ".

Power of

authorities

possessing

compulsory

purchase

powers to

make general

vesting

declarations.

1967 c. 1.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1983

(2) Nothing in this section applies to or affects an order made Part IV before the commencement of tins section.

32.—(1) This section shall have effect where, on an application Grounds on for planning permission to develop any land which has a ^cht restricted use by virtue of a previous planning permission, may

permission is refused or granted subject to conditions and an confirm owner of the land serves a purchase notice under section 129 purchase of the principal Act. notice.

(2) For the purposes of this section, land is to be treated as having a restricted use by virtue of a previous planning permission if it is part of a larger area in respect of which planning permission was previously granted (and has not been revoked) and either—

(a) it remains a condition of the planning permission (how-

ever expressed) that that part shall remain undeveloped or be preserved or laid out in a particular way as amenity land in relation to the remainder; or

(b) the planning permission was granted on an application

which contemplated (expressly or by necessary implication) that the part should not be comprised in the development for which planning permission was sought, or should be preserved or laid out as aforesaid.

(3) If a copy of the purchase notice is transmitted to the Minister under section 130(3) of the principal Act (action to be taken by council on whom a purchase notice is served, when they are unwilling to comply with the notice) the Minister, although satisfied that the land has become incapable of reasonably beneficial use in its existing state, shall nevertheless not be required under section 132(1) of the Act to confirm the notice if it appears to him that the land ought, in accordance with the previous planning permission, to remain undeveloped or, as the case may be, remain or be preserved or laid out as amenity land in relation to the remainder of the larger area for which that planning permission was granted.

Planning blight

33.—(1) Section 138(1) of the principal Act (land affected by ^ew planning proposals and qualifying for protection under sections ©nan?10118 139 to 151 of that Act) shall have effect as if the land specified qualifying for therein included land which— protection.

(a) is land indicated in a structure plan in force for the district in which it is situated either as land which may be required for the purposes of any functions of a government department, local authority or statutory

1984

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part IV

Power of mortgagee to serve blight notice.

undertakers, or of the National Coal Board, or as land which may be included in an action area; or

(b) is land allocated for the purposes of any such functions

by a local plan in force for the district or is land defined in such a plan as the site of proposed development for the purposes of any such functions; or

(c) is land in respect of which a compulsory purchase

order is in force, where the appropriate authority have power to serve, but have not served, notice to treat in respect of the land; or

(d) is land on which the Minister of Transport or, in Wales,

the Secretary of State proposes to provide a trunk road or a special road and has given to the local planning authority written notice of his intention to provide the road, together with maps or plans sufficient to identify die proposed route of the road.

(2) Subsection (l)(a) above shall not apply to land situated in a district for which a local plan is in force, where that plan—

(a) allocates any land in the district for the purposes of such

functions as are mentioned in that paragraph; or

(b) defines any land in the district as the site of proposed

development for the purposes of any such functions.

(3) In section 139 of the principal Act (notice requiring purchase of claimant’s interest on ground of planning blight), " the relevant date "—

(a) in relation to land mentioned in subsection (l)(c) above,

means the date when the order for its compulsory purchase was confirmed or made by the Minister; and

(b) in relation to land mentioned in subsection (Did) above,

means the date on which the Minister of Transport or the Secretary of State gave to the local planning authority the written notice specified in that paragraph.

(4) Paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) above shall have effect instead of paragraphs (a) and (b) of the said section 138(1).

34.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect for enabling mortgagees to take advantage of the provisions of sections 138 to 151 of the principal Act (notice requiring purchase by local planning authority on grounds of planning blight).

(2) Where the whole or part of a hereditament or agricultural unit is comprised in land of any of the descriptions contained in paragraphs (b) to (f) of section 138(1) of the principal Act or

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1985

paragraphs (a) to (d) of section 33(1) of this Act and a person claims that—

(a) that he is entitled as mortgagee (by virtue of a power

which has become exercisable) to sell an interest in the hereditament or unit, giving immediate vacant possession of the land; and

(b) since the relevant date (within the meaning of section

139 of the principal Act or, as the case may be, section 33(3) of this Act) he has made reasonable endeavours to sell that interest; and

(c) he has been unable to sell it except at a price substan-

tially lower than that for which it might reasonably have been expected to sell if no part of the hereditament or unit were comprised in land of any of the said descriptions,

then, subject to the provisions of this section, he may serve on die appropriate authority a notice in the prescribed form requiring that authority to purchase that interest to the extent specified in, and otherwise in accordance with, sections 138 to 151 of the principal Act.

(3) Subsection (2) above shall apply in relation to an interest in part of a hereditament or agricultural unit as it applies in relation to an interest in the entirety of a hereditament or agricultural unit:

Provided that this subsection shall not enable a person—

(a) if his interest as mortgagee is in the entirety of a

hereditament or agricultural unit, to make any claim or serve any notice under this section in respect of any interest in part of the hereditament or unit; or

(b) if his interest as mortgagee is only in part of a heredita-

ment or agricultural unit, to make or serve any such notice or claim in respect of any interest in less than the entirety of that part.

(4) Notice under this section shall not be served unless one or other of the following conditions is satisfied with regard to the interest which the mortgagee claims he has the power to sell: —

(a) the interest could be the subject of a notice under

section 139 of the principal Act served by the person entitled thereto on the date of service of the notice under this section; or

(b) the interest could have been the subject of such a notice

served by that person on a date not more than six months before the date of service of the notice under this section.

Part IV

1986

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part IV (5) If any question arises which authority are the appropriate authority for the purposes of subsection (2) above, subsection

(4)(b) above shall then apply with the substitution for the period of six months of a reference to that period extended by so long as it takes to obtain a determination of the question.

(6) No notice under this section shall be served in respect of a hereditament or agricultural unit, or any part of a hereditament or agricultural unit, at a time when a notice already served under section 139 of the principal Act is outstanding with respect to the hereditament, unit or part; and no notice shall be so served under section 139 of that Act at a time when a notice already served under this section is so outstanding.

(7) For the purposes of subsection (6) above, a notice served under this section or section 139 of the principal Act shall be treated as outstanding with respect to a hereditament or agricultural unit, or to part of a hereditament or agricultural unit, until—

(a) it is withdrawn in relation to the hereditament, unit or

part; or

(b) an objection to the notice having been made by a counter-notice under section 140 of the principal Act, either—

(i) the period of two months specified in section 141(1) of the principal Act elapses without the claimant having required the objection to be referred to the Lands Tribunal under that section; or

(ii) the objection, having been so referred to the Lands Tribunal, is upheld by the Tribunal with respect to the hereditament, unit or part.

(8) The grounds on which objection may be made in a counter-notice under section 140 of the principal Act to a notice under this section are those specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (2) of that section and, in a case to which section 35(1) below applies, the ground specified in that subsection and also the following grounds: —

(a) that, on the date of service of the notice under this section, the claimant had no interest as mortgagee in any part of the hereditament or agricultural unit to which the notice relates;

(b) that (for reasons specified in the counter-notice) the claimant had not on that date the power referred to in subsection (2)(a) above;

(c) that the conditions specified in subsection and (c) above are not fulfilled;

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1987

(d) that (for reasons specified in the counter-notice) neither Part IV of the conditions specified in subsection (4) above was, on the date of service of the notice under this section, satisfied with regard to the interest referred to in that subsection.

35.—(1) Where a blight notice is served under section 139 Extension of of the principal Act or section 34 above, then in the case of land blight notice.

(a) falling within section 138(l)(c) of the principal Act or section 33(l)(a) of this Act; and

(b) not falling within section 138(l)(e) or (/) of that Act or section 33(l)(d) of this Act,

the grounds on which an objection may be made in a counter-notice under section 140 of the principal Act shall include the grounds that the appropriate authority (unless compelled to do so by virtue of sections 139 to 151 of the principal Act and section 34 above, do not propose to acquire in the exercise of any relevant powers any part of the hereditament or (in the case of an agricultural unit) any part of the affected area during the period of fifteen years from the date of the counter-notice or such longer period from that date as may be specified in the counter-notice.

(2) An objection may not be made as aforesaid on the grounds mentioned in subsection (1) above if it may be made on the grounds mentioned in section 140(2)(b) of the principal Act (objection on the grounds that the appropriate authority do not propose to acquire any part of the hereditament or affected area in question).

(3) An objection on the grounds mentioned in subsection (1) above which is referred to the Lands Tribunal shall not be upheld by the Tribunal unless it is shown to the satisfaction of the Tribunal that the objection is well-founded.

(4) Section 145(1) and (2) of the principal Act (lapsing of compulsory purchase powers when objection under section 140 of that Act is successful) shall apply in relation to an objection on the said grounds as they apply in relation to an objection on the grounds mentioned in section 140(2)(b) of that Act.

(5) The council of a county, county borough, London borough or county district or the Greater London Council may, subject to such conditions as may be approved by the Minister, advance money to any person for the purpose of enabling him to acquire a hereditament or agricultural unit in respect of which a counternotice has been served under section 140 of the principal Act specifiying the grounds mentioned in subsection (1) above as, or as one of, the grounds of objection, if, in the case of a

1988

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act

Part IV hereditament, its annual value does not exceed such amount as may be prescribed for the purposes of section 138(3)(a) of the principal Act (interests qualifying for protection under that Act).

(6) Paragraph (c) of section 140(2) of the principal Act (objection on the grounds that the appropriate authority propose to acquire part only of the affected area of an agricultural unit) and the following provisions of that Act, that is to say—

sections 141(5) and 142(3) (subsequent proceedings where such an objection made); and

section 145(4) and (5) (lapsing of compulsory purchase powers when objection under section 140 is successful),

shall apply to hereditaments as they apply to any such area, references in those provisions to the affected area being construed as references to the hereditament

(7) Subsection (6) above shall not affect the right of a claimant 1845 c. 18. under section 92 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act 1845

to sell the whole of the hereditament, or (in the case of an agricultural unit) the whole of the affected area, which he has required the authority to purchase.

(8) Subsection (6) above shall not affect the right of a claimant 1965 c. 56. under section 8 of the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 to sell

(unless the Lands Tribunal otherwise determines) the whole of the hereditament, or (in the case of an agricultural unit) the whole of the affected area, which he has required the authority to purchase; and accordingly in determining whether or hot to uphold an objection relating to a hereditament on the grounds mentioned in paragraph (c) of section 140(2) of the principal Act the Tribunal shall consider (in addition to the other matters which they are required to consider) whether—

(a) in the case of a house, building or manufactory, the

part proposed to be acquired can be taken without material detriment to the house, building or manufactory; or

(b) in the case of a park or garden belonging to a house,

the part proposed to be acquired can be taken without seriously affecting the amenity or convenience of the house.

Compensation 35. Where an interest in land is acquired in pursuance of a nurS0180^ blight notice and the interest is one—

(a) in respect of which a compulsory purchase order is in force under section 1 of the Act of 1946 (as applied by section 50 of this Act) containing a direction for minimum compensation under section 53 of this Act; or

of land in clearance areas and of historic buildings.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1989

(b) in respect of which a compulsory purchase order is in force under Part III of the Housing Act 1957,

the compensation payable for the acquisition shall, in a case falling within paragraph (a) above, be assessed in accordance with the direction mentioned in that paragraph and, in a case falling within paragraph (b) above, be assessed in accordance with Part III of the said Act of 1957, in either case as if the notice to treat deemed to have been served in respect of the interest under section 142 of the principal Act had been served in pursuance of the compulsory purchase order.

37.—(1) Section 143 of the principal Act (exclusion of compensation for severance and disturbance) shall cease to have effect

(2) The power to make an order under section 138(3)(a) of the principal Act (limit of annual value of hereditament an interest in which qualifies for protection under sections 139 to 151 of that Act) shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and any such instrument shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(3) For a person to be treated under section 149(1) or (3) of the principal Act (definitions for purposes of blight notice provisions) as owner-occupier or resident owner-occupier of a hereditament, his occupation thereof at a relevant time or during a relevant period, if not occupation of the whole of the hereditament, must be or, as the case may be, have been occupation of a substantial part of it.

(4) In subsections (l)(b), (2)(b) and (3)(b) of the said section 149, the period of six months ending not more than six months before the date of service shall in each case be replaced by a period of six months ending not more than twelve months before that date.

(5) If any question arises which authority is the appropriate authority for the purposes of sections 139 to 151 of the principal Act or section 34 of this Act—

(a) section 140(1) of that Act (objection to blight notice)

shall have effect as if the reference to the date of service of that notice were a reference to that date or the date on which that question is determined, whichever is the later and

(b) subsections (l)(b), (2 )(b)and (3 of section 149 of that

Act shall apply with the substitution for the reference to twelve months before the date of service of a reference to that period extended by so long as it takes to obtain a determination of the question.

Part IV 1957 c. 56.

Miscellaneous amendments of Part Vin of principal Act.

1990

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part IV 38. The provisions of the principal Act specified in Schedule Consequential 4 to this Act (being provisions about blight notices and proceed-amendments ings in connection therewith) shall be amended as shown in that ofssi38t° Schedule.

150 of

principal Act.

Disposal of land by public authorities

Restriction on exercise by public authorities of power of disposing of land.

1959 c. 53.

1958 c. 42.

1967 c. 29.

39.—(1) Section 26(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1959 (power of local and other public authorities to dispose of land without consent of a Minister) shall not apply to the exercise of a power to dispose of land conferred by any enactment if the power is exercised in respect of—

(a) housing accommodation in respect of which there has

been made to a local authority (whether before or after die commencement of that Act) an Exchequer payment within the meaning of section 58(2) of the Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958 or a payment under an enactment repealed by the said Act of 1958 or any earlier Act and re-enacted (with or without modifications) by any of the provisions mentioned in the said section 58(2); or

(b) an approved dwelling within the meaning of Part 1 of

the Housing Subsidies Act 1967.

(2) Section 26(5)(b) of the said Act of 1959 (which makes provision corresponding to subsection (1) above in the case of a 1957 c. 56. disposal of land under section 104 of the Housing Act 1957) shall cease to have effect.

Part V

Buildings of Architectural or Historic Interest

Restriction on demolition and other works

New provisions restricting demolition etc. of listed buildings.

40.—(1) In this Part of this Act the expression "listed building " means a building which is for the time being included in a list compiled or approved by the Minister under section 32 of the principal Act (buildings of special architectural or historic interest).

(2) Subject to this Part of this Act, if a person executes or causes to be executed any works for the demolition of a listed building or for its alteration or extension in any manner which would affect its character as a building of special architectural or historic interest, and the works are not authorised under this Part of this Act, he shall be guilty of an offence.

Town and Country Planning Act

Ch. 72

1991

(3) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, any object or structure fixed to a building, or forming part of the land and comprised within the curtilage of a building, shall be treated as part of the building.

(4) Works for the demolition of a listed building, or for its alteration or extension, are authorised under this Part of this Act only if—

(a) the local planning authority or the Minister have granted

written consent (hereafter in this Act referred to as " listed building consent ") for the execution of the works and the works are executed in accordance with the terms of the consent and of any conditions attached to the consent under section 41 below; and

(b) in the case of demolition, notice of the proposal to execute the works has been given to the Royal Commission and thereafter either—

(i) for a period of at least one month following the grant of listed building consent, and before the commencement of the works, reasonable access to the building has been made available to members or officers of the Commission for the purpose of recording it; or

(ii) the Commission have, by their Secretary or other officer of theirs with authority to act on the Commission’s behalf for the purposes of this section, stated in writing that they have completed their recording of the building or that they do not wish to record it.

(5) In subsection (4) above " the Royal Commission " means, in relation to England, the Royal Commission on Historical Monuments (England) and, in relation to Wales, the Royal Commission on Ancient and Historical Monuments (Wales and Monmouthshire); but the Minister may, in relation to either England or Wales, or both, by order made by statutory instrument provide that the said subsection shall, in the case of works executed or to be executed on or after such date as may be specified in the order, have effect with the substitution for the reference to the Royal Commission of a reference to such other body as may be so specified.

(6) Without prejudice to subsection (2) above, if a person executing or causing to be executed any works in relation to a listed building under a listed building consent fails to comply with any condition attached to the consent under section 41 below, he shall be guilty of an offence.

Part V

1992

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part V

Provisions supplementary to s. 40.

(7) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term

of not more than three months or a fine of not more than £250, or both; or

(b) on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding twelve months or a fine, or both;

and, in determining the amount of any fine to be imposed on a person convicted on indictment, the court shall in particular have regard to any financial benefit which has accrued or appears likely to accrue to him in consequence of the offence.

(8) In proceedings for an offence under this section it shall be a defence to prove that the works were urgently necessary in the interests of safety or health, or for the preservation of the building, and that notice in writing of the need for the works was given to the local planning authority as soon as reasonably practicable.

(9) Sections 30 and 31 of the principal Act (building preservation orders) and section 33 of that Act (effect of inclusion of building in a list under section 32 of the Act) shall cease to have effect.

(10) Every building which immediately before the commencement of this Part of this Act was subject to a building preservation order under Part III of the principal Act, but was not then included in a list compiled or approved under section 32 of that Act, shall be deemed to be a listed building; but the Minister may at any time direct, in the case of any building, that this subsection shall no longer apply to it and the council of the county borough, London borough or county district in whose area the building is situated, on being notified of the Minister's direction, shall give notice of it to the owner and occupier of the building.

(11) Before giving a direction under subsection (10) above in relation to a building, the Minister shall consult with the local planning authority and with the owner and the occupier of the building.

41.—(1) Section 40 above shall not apply to works for the demolition, alteration or extension of—

(a) an ecclesiastical building which is for the time being

used for ecclesiastical purposes or would be so used but for the works; or

(b) a building which is the subject of a scheme or order

under the enactments for the time being in force with respect to ancient monuments: or

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1993

(c) a building for the time being included in a list of monuments published by the Minister of Public Building and Works under any such enactment

For the purposes of this subsection, a building used or available for use by a minister of religion wholly or mainly as a residence from which to perform the duties of his office shall be treated as not being an ecclesiastical building.

(2) Where, on an application in that behalf, planning permission is granted after the commencement of this Part of this Act and—

(a) the development for which the permission is granted

includes the carrying out of any works for the alteration or extension of a listed building; and

(b) the planning permission or any condition subject to

which it is granted is so framed as expressly to authorise the execution of the works (describing them),

the planning permission shall operate as listed building consent in respect of those works; but, except as provided by this subsection, the grant of planning permission for any development shall not make it unnecessary for such consent to be obtained in respect of any works to which section 40 above applies.

(3) In considering whether to grant planning permission for development which consists in or includes works for the alteration or extension of a listed building, and in considering whether to grant listed building consent for any works, the local planning authority or the Minister, as the case may be, shall have special regard to the desirability of preserving the building or any features of special architectural or historic interest which it possesses.

(4) Without prejudice to section 17(1) of the principal Act (grant of planning permission unconditionally or subject to conditions), the conditions which may under that subsection be attached to a grant of planning permission shall, in the case of such development as is referred to in subsection (2) above, include conditions with respect to—

(a) the preservation of particular features of the building,

either as part oi it or after severance therefrom;

(b) the making good, after the works are completed, of any damage caused to the building by the works;

(c) the reconstruction of the building or any part of it

following the execution of any works, with die use of original materials so far as practicable and with such alterations of the interior of the building as may be specified in the conditions.

Part V

1994 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part V (5) Listed building consent may be granted either unconditionally or subject to conditions, which may include such conditions as are mentioned in subsection (4) above.

(6) Part I of Schedule 5 to this Act shall have effect with respect to applications to local planning authorities for listed building consent, the reference of such applications to the Minister and appeals against decisions on such applications; and Part II of that Schedule shall have effect with respect to the revocation of listed building consent by a local planning authority or the Minister and to the compensation payable in die case of revocation.

Owner’s rights on refusal of consent to works

Purchase notice on refusal or conditional grant of listed building consent.

42.—(1) Where, on an application for listed building consent in respect of a building, consent is refused or is granted subject to conditions or, by an order under Part II of Schedule 5 to this Act, listed building consent is revoked or modified, then if any owner of the land claims—

(a) that the land has become incapable of reasonably beneficial use in its existing state; and

(b) in a case where consent was granted subject to con-

ditions with respect to the execution of the works or, as the case may be, was modified by the imposition of such conditions, that the land cannot be rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use by the carrying out of the works in accordance with those conditions; and

(c) in any case that the land cannot be rendered capable

of reasonably beneficial use by the carrying out of any other works for which listed building consent has been granted or for which the local planning authority or the Minister has undertaken to grant such consent,

he may, within the prescribed time and manner, serve on the council of the county borough, county district or London borough in which the land is situated a notice requiring that council to purchase his interest in the land in accordance with Part III of Schedule 5 to this Act

(2) A notice under this section is in this Act referred to as a " listed building purchase notice ".

(3) In this section and in Part III of Schedule 5 to this Act, " the land " means the building in respect of which listed building consent has been refused, or granted subject to conditions, or modified by the imposition of conditions, and in respect of which its owner serves a notice under this section, together with any land comprising the building, or contiguous or adjacent to it, and owned with it, being land as to which the owner claims tfrAi its use is substantially inseparable from that of the

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1995

building and that it ought to be treated, together with the building, as a single holding.

(4) Where, for the purpose of determining whether the conditions specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (1) above are satisfied in relation to the land, any question arises as to what is or would in any particular circumstances be a reasonably beneficial use of that land, then in determining that question for that purpose, no account shall be taken of any prospective use of that land which would involve the carrying out of new development or of any works requiring listed building consent which might be executed to the building, other than works for which the local planning authority or the Minister have undertaken to grant such consent.

43.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where an application is made for listed building consent for the alteration or extension of a listed building and—

(a) either the works do not constitute development or they do so but the development is such that planning permission therefor is granted by a development order; and

(b) the Minister, either on appeal or on the reference of the application to him, refuses such consent or grants it subject to conditions.

(2) If, on a claim made to the local planning authority within the prescribed time and manner, it is shown that the value of the interest of any person in the land is less than it would have been if listed building consent had been granted, or had been granted unconditionally, as the case may be, the local planning authority shall pay to that person compensation of an amount equal to the difference.

(3) In determining, for the purposes of subsection (2) above, whether or to what extent the value of an interest in land is less than it would have been if the permission had been granted, or had been granted unconditionally,—

(a) it shall be assumed that any subsequent application for

the like consent would be determined in the same way; but

(b) if, in the case of a refusal of listed building consent, the Minister, on refusing that consent, undertook to grant such consent for some other works to the building in the event of an application being made in that behalf, regard shall be had to that undertaking.

(4) No compensation shall be payable under this section in respect of an interest in land in respect of which a purchase

Part V

Compensation for refusal of consent to alterations etc.

1996

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part V

Notice to enforce s. 40 control.

Penalties for non-compliance with notice under s. 44.

notice is served, whether under section 129 or 135 of the principal Act or under section 42 above, being a purchase notice which takes effect.

Enforcement

44. —(1) Where it appears to the local planning authority that any works have been, or are being, executed to a listed building in their area and are such as to involve a contravention of section 40(2) or (6) of this Act, then, subject to any directions given by the Minister, they may, if they consider it expedient to do so having regard to the effect of the works on the character of the building as one of special architectural or historic interest, serve a notice—

(a) specifying the alleged contravention; and

(b) requiring such steps as may be specified in the notice for

restoring that building to its former state or, as the case may be, for bringing it to the state it would have been in if the terms and conditions of any listed building consent for the works had been complied with, to be taken within such period as may be so specified.

(2) A notice under this section is hereafter in this Act referred to as a " listed building enforcement notice ".

(3) Part IV of Schedule 5 to this Act shall have effect with respect to listed building enforcement notices and appeals against such notices.

45. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where a listed building enforcement notice has been served on the person who, at the time when the notice was served on him, was the owner of the building to which it relates, then, if any steps required by the notice to be taken have not been taken within the period allowed for compliance with the notice, that person shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400, or on conviction on indictment to a fine.

(2) If a person against whom proceedings have been brought under subsection (1) above has, at some time before the end of the period allowed for compliance with the notice, ceased to be the owner of the building, he shall, upon information duly laid by him, and on giving to the prosecution not less than three clear days’ notice of his intention, be entitled to have the person who then became the owner of the building (in this section referred to as " the subsequent owner ") brought before the court in the proceedings.

(3) If, after it has been proved that any steps required by the notice have not been taken within the period allowed for compliance with the notice, the original defendant proves that

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1997

the failure to take those steps was attributable, in whole or in Part V part, to the default of the subsequent owner,—

(a) the subsequent owner may be convicted of the offence; and

[b) the original defendant, if he further proves that he took all reasonable steps to secure compliance with the notice, shall be acquitted of the offence.

(4) If, after a person has been convicted under the foregoing provisions of this section, he does not as soon as practicable do everything in his power to secure compliance with the notice, he shall be guilty of a further offence and be liable—

(a) on summary conviction to a fine of not more than £50

for each day following his first conviction on which any of the requirements of the notice remain unfulfilled; or

(b) on conviction on indictment to a fine.

(5) Any reference in this section or section 46 below to the period allowed for compliance with a listed building enforcement notice is a reference to the period specified in the notice as that within which the steps specified in the notice are required thereby to be taken, or such extended period as the local planning authority may allow for taking them.

46.—(1) If, within the period allowed for compliance with a Execution and listed building enforcement notice any steps required by the cost ofworfcs notice to be taken have not been taken, the authority may e^orcement F enter on the land and take those steps and may recover from the procedure, person who is then the owner of the land any expenses reasonably incurred by them in doing so.

(2) Any expenses incurred by the owner or occupier of a building for the purpose of complying with a listed building enforcement notice and any sums paid by the owner of a building under subsection (1) of this section in respect of expenses incurred by the local planning authority in taking steps required by such a notice to be taken, shall be deemed to be incurred or paid for the use and at the request of the person who carried out the works to which the notice relates.

(3) Section 49<2) and (3) of the principal Act (application by regulations of certain provisions of the Public Health Act 1936 c. 49. 1936 in relation to enforcement works) shall apply in relation

to a listed building enforcement notice as they apply in relation to an enforcement notice; and any regulations made by virtue of this subsection may provide for the charging on the land on which the building stands of any expenses recoverable by a local planning authority under subsection (1) of this section.

1998

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part V

Enforcement by, or by direction of, the Minister.

Building preservation notice in respect of building not listed.

47. —(1) If it appears to the Minister, after consultation with the local planning authority (and, in Greater London, also with the Greater London Council), to be expedient that a listed building enforcement notice should be served in respect of any land, he may give directions to the local planning authority requiring them to serve such a notice, or may himself serve such a notice; and any notice so served by the Minister shall have the like effect as a notice served by the local planning authority.

(2) In relation to a listed building enforcement notice served by the Minister, the provisions of section 45(5) and 46 of this Act shall apply as if for any reference therein to the local planning authority there were substituted a reference to the Minister.

Other measures open to local planning authority and the Minister

48. —(1) If it appears to the local planning authority, in the case of a building in their area which is not a listed building, that it is of special architectural or historic interest and is in danger of demolition or of alteration in such a way as to affect its character as such, they may (subject to subsection (2) below) serve on the owner and occupier of the building a notice (referred to in this section as a " building preservation notice ")—

(a) stating that the building appears to them to be of special architectural or historic interest and that they have requested the Minister to consider including it in a list compiled or approved under section 32 of the principal Act; and

(h) explaining the effect of subsections (3) and (4) of this section.

(2) A building preservation notice shall not be served in respect of—

(a) an ecclesiastical building which is for the time being

used for ecclesiastical purposes; or

(b) a building which is the subject of a scheme or order

under the enactments for the time being in force with respect to ancient monuments; or

(c) a building for the time being included in a list of

monuments published by the Minister of Public Building and Works under any such enactment.

For the purposes of this subsection, a building used or available for use by a minister of religion wholly or mainly as a residence from which to perform the duties of his office shall be treated as not being an ecclesiastical building.

(3) A building preservation notice shall come into force as soon as it has been served on both the owner and occupier of

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

1999

the building to which it relates and shall remain in force for six Part V months from the date when it is served or, as the case may be, last served; but it shall cease to be in force if, before the expiration of that period, the Minister either includes the building in a list compiled or approved under section 32 of the principal Act or notifies the local planning authority in writing that he does not intend to do so.

(4) While a building preservation notice is in force with respect to a building, the provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect in relation to it as if the building were a listed building; and if the notice ceases to be in force (otherwise than by reason of the building being included in a list compiled or approved under the said section 32), the provisions of Part V of Schedule 5 to this Act shall have effect with respect to things done or occurring under the notice or with reference to the building being treated as listed.

(5) If, following the service of a building preservation notice, the Minister notifies the local planning authority that he does not propose to include the building in a list compiled or approved under section 32 of the principal Act, the authority—

(a) shall forthwith give notice of the Minister's decision to the owner and occupier of the building; and (b) shall not, within the period of twelve months beginning with the date of the Minister's notification, serve another such notice in respect of the said building.

49.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have Compensation effect as respects compensation where a building preservation J°r loss or . notice is served.

(2) The local planning authority shall not be under any obligation to pay compensation under section 43 of this Act, in respect notice, of any refusal of listed building consent or its grant subject to conditions, unless and until the building is included in a list compiled or approved by the Minister under section 32 of the principal Act; but this subsection shall not prevent a claim for such compensation being made before the building is so included.

(3) If the building preservation notice ceases to have effect without the building having been included in a list so compiled or approved, then, subject to a claim in that behalf being made to the local planning authority within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner, any person who at the time when the notice was served had an interest in the building shall be entitled to be paid compensation by the authority in respect of any loss or damage directly attributable to the effect of the notice.

(4) The loss or damage in respect of which compensation is payable under subsection (3) above shall include a sum payable

3

2000

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part V in respect of a breach of contract caused by the necessity of discontinuing or countermanding any works to the building on account of the building preservation notice being in force with respect thereto.

Compulsory 50.—(1) Where it appears to the Minister, in the case of a

onisted building to which this section applies, that reasonable steps are building in not being taken for properly preserving it, the Minister may need of repair, authorise the council of the county, county borough or county district in which the building is situated or, in the case of a building situated in Greater London, the Greater London Council or the London borough council, to acquire compulsorily under this section the building and any land comprising or contiguous or adjacent to it which appears to the Minister to be required for preserving the building or its amenities, or for affording access to it, or for its proper control or management

(2) Where it appears to the Minister, in the case of a building to which this section applies, that reasonable steps are not being taken for properly preserving it, he may be authorised under this section to acquire compulsorily the building and any land comprising or contiguous or adjacent to it which appears to him to be required for the purpose mentioned in subsection

(1) of this section.

(3) This section applies to any listed building, not being—

(a) an ecclesiastical building which is for the time being used for ecclesiastical purposes; or

(b) a building which is the subject of a scheme or order

under the enactments for the time being in force with respect to ancient monuments; or

(c) a building for the time being included in a list of monu-

ments published by the Minister of Public Building and Works under any such enactment.

For the purposes of this subsection a building used or available for use by a minister of religion wholly or mainly as a residence from which to perform the duties of his office shall be treated as not being an ecclesiastical building.

(4) The Minister shall not make or confirm a compulsory purchase order for the acquisition of any building by virtue of this section unless he is satisfied that it is expedient to make provision for the preservation of the building and to authorise its compulsory acquisition for that purpose.

(5) The Act of 1946 shall apply to the compulsory acquisition of land under this section and accordingly shall have effect—

(a) as if this section had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72 2001

(b) as if references therein to the Minister of Transport Part V and to the enactments specified in section l(l)(h) of that Act included respectively references to the Minister and to the provisions of this section.

(6) Any person having an interest in a building which it is proposed to acquire compulsorily under this section may, within twenty-eight days after the service of the notice required to be served under paragraph 3 of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1946, apply to a magistrates' court acting for the petty sessions area within which the building is situated for an order staying further proceedings on the compulsory purchase order; and, if the court is satisfied that reasonable steps have been taken for properly preserving the building, the court shall make an order accordingly.

(7) Any person aggrieved by the decision of a magistrates' court on an application under subsection (6) above may appeal against that decision to a court of quarter sessions.

51.—(1) Neither a council nor the Minister shall start the Repairs notice compulsory purchase of a building under section 50 above prelil?1i^ry unless at least two months previously they have served on the owner of the building, and not withdrawn, a notice under this section (referred to in this section as a " repairs notice ")—

(a) specifying the works which they consider reasonably

necessary for the proper preservation of the building; and

(b) explaining the effect of sections 50 to 53 of this Act.

(2) Where a council or the Minister have served a repairs notice, the demolition of the building thereafter shall not prevent them from being authorised under section 50 above to acquire compulsorily the site of the building, if the Minister is satisfied that he would have confirmed or, as the case may be, would have made a compulsory purchase order in respect of the building had it not been demolished.

(3) A council or the Minister may at any time withdraw a repairs notice served by them; and if they do so, they shall forthwith give notice of the withdrawal to the person who was served with die notice.

(4) A person on whom there has been served a repairs notice shall not in any case be entided to serve a purchase notice under section 129 of the principal Act or section 42 of this Act until the expiration of three months beginning with the date of the service of the repairs notice; and if during the said period of three months the council or the Minister start the compulsory acquisition of the building in the exercise of their powers under

3 2

2002

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part V

Compensation on compulsory acquisition.

Minimum compensation in case of building deliberately left derelict.

section 50 above, the person shall not be so entitled unless and until the compulsory acquisition is discontinued.

(5) For the purposes of this section a compulsory acquisition—

(a) is started when the council or the Minister, as the case

may be, serve the notice required by paragraph 3(l)(b) of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1946; and

(b) is discontinued, in the case of acquisition by a council,

when they withdraw the compulsory purchase order or the Minister decides not to confirm it and, in the case of acquisition by the Minister, when he decides not to make the compulsory purchase order.

52. Subject to section 53 below, for the purpose of assessing compensation in respect of any compulsory acquisition of land including a building which, immediately before the date of the compulsory purchase order, was listed, it shall be assumed that listed building consent would be granted for any works for the alteration or extension of the building, or for its demolition, other than works in respect of which such consent has been applied for before the date of the order and refused by the Minister, or granted by him subject ito conditions, the circumstances having been such that compensation thereupon became payable under section 43 of this Act

53. —(1) A council proposing to acquire a building compulsorily under section 50 above, if they are satisfied that the building has been deliberately allowed to fall into disrepair for the purpose of justifying its demolition and the development or re-development of the site or any adjoining site, may include in the compulsory purchase order as submitted to the Minister for confirmation an application for a direction for minimum compensation; and the Minister, if he is so satisfied, may include such a direction in the order as confirmed by him.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, where the Minister acquires a building compulsorily under section 50 of this Act, he may, if he is satisfied as mentioned in subsection (1) above, include a direction for minimum compensation in the compulsory purchase order.

(3) The notice required to be served in accordance with paragraph 3(l)(fi) of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1946 (notices stating effect of compulsory purchase order or, as the case may be, draft order) shall, without prejudice to so much of that paragraph as requires the notice to state the effect of the order, include a statement that the authority have made application for a direction for minimum compensation or, as the case may be, that the Minister has included such a direction in the draft

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2003

order prepared by him in accordance with paragraph 7 of that Part V Schedule and shall in either case explain the meaning of the expression " direction for minimum compensation

(4) A direction for minimum compensation, in relation to a building compulsorily acquired, is a direction that for the purpose of assessing compensation it is to be assumed, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Land Compensation 1961 c. 33. Act 1961 or this Act, that planning permission would not be granted for any development or redevelopment of the site of

the building and that listed building consent would not be granted for any works for the demolition, alteration or extension of the building other than development or works necessary for restoring it to, and maintaining it m, a proper state of repair; and if a compulsory purchase order is confirmed or made with the inclusion of such a direction, the compensation in respect of the compulsory acquisition shall be assessed in accordance with the direction.

(5) Where the local authority include in a compulsory purchase order made by them an application for a direction for minimum compensation, or the Minister includes such a direction in a draft compulsory purchase order prepared by him, any person having an interest in the building may, within twenty-eight days after the service of the notice required by paragraph 3(1X6) of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1946, apply to a magistrates' court acting for the petty sessions area in which the building is situated for an order that the local authority's application for a direction for minimum compensation be refused or, as the case may be, that such a direction be not included in the compulsory purchase order as made by the Minister; and if the court is satisfied that the building has not been deliberately allowed to fall into disrepair for the purpose mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, the court shall make the order applied for.

(6) A person aggrieved by the decision of a magistrates’ court on an application under subsection (5) above may appeal against the decision to a court of quarter sessions.

(7) The rights conferred by subsections (5) and (6) of this section shall not prejudice those conferred by section 50(6) and

(7) of this Act.

Miscellaneous

54. In considering whether to include a building in a list Matters which compiled or approved under section 32 of the principal Act, the "jy Minister may take into account not only the building itself ^ount by but also— the Minister in

(a) any respect in which its exterior contributes to the listing architectural or historic interest of any group of build-buildings-ings of which it forms part; and

3 3

2004

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part V (b)the desirability of preserving, on the ground of its architectural or historic interest, any feature of the building consisting of a man-made object or structure fixed to the building or forming part of the land and comprised within the curtilage of the building.

Application of 55.—(1) In relation to buildings of local planning authorities

control to local which are listed, and to the execution of works for their authorities demolition, alteration or extension, this Part of this Act shall have effect subject to such exceptions and modifications as may be prescribed.

(2) Regulations made under this section may in particular provide for securing—

(a) that any application by a local planning authority for

listed building consent shall be made to the Minister; and

(b) that any notice authorised to be served under this Part of this Act in relation to a listed building belonging to a local planning authority shall be served by the Minister.

Directions by Minister to local planning authorities with respect to development affecting Conservation Areas.

1967 c. 69.

56.—(1) The Minister may give directions to local planning authorities with respect to the matters which they are to take into consideration in determining an application—

(a) for planning permission for any such development as is

referred to in section 1(6) of the Civic Amenities Act 1967 (special provisions as to publicity for applications affecting Conservation Areas); or

(b) for listed building consent for any works for the demoli-

tion, alteration or extension of a building in a Conservation Area,

and with respect to the consultations which such authorities are to undertake before determining any such application.

(2) Different directions may under this section be given to different local planning authorities; and any such directions may require an authority—

(a) before determining an application to consult such per-

sons or bodies of persons as the Minister may specify, being persons or bodies appearing to him to be competent to give advice in relation to the development or description of development to which the directions have reference;

(b) to supply to any person or body, whom they are required

by the directions to consult, specified documents or information enabling the body to form an opinion on which to base their advice;

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2005

(c) to establish committees, consisting either of members Part V of the authority or of other persons, or of both, to advise the authority in relation to the determination of such applications as are referred to in subsection (1) above.

57. —(1) Where an application for planning permission for Additional any development of land is made to a local planning authority requirement and the case is one where the authority are required to comply ?

with section 1(6) of the Civic Amenities Act 1967 (special pub-

licity for planning applications affecting Conservation Areas), the Conservation

authority shall also comply with the following subsection. Area.

1967 c 69

(2) The authority shall, for not less than seven days display a * *

notice on or near the land to which the application relates, containing the same particulars as are required by section 1(6) (a)

of the Civic Amenities Act 1967 to be contained in the notice to be published by the authority in a local newspaper.

(3) An application for planning permission to which section

1(6) of the said Act of 1967 applies shall not be determined by *

the local planning authority before both of the following periods have elapsed, namely: —

(a) the period of twenty-one days referred to in paragraph (a)

of that subsection; and

(b) the period of twenty-one days beginning with the date

on which the notice required by subsection (2) of this section was first displayed;

and in determining the application the authority shall take into account any representations relating to the application which are received by them before both those periods have elapsed.

(4) In the said section 1(6), paragraphs ( and (c) shall cease to have effect.

58. The power of a local authority under section 1(1 of Removal

the Local Authorities (Historic Buildings) Act 1962 to con-of need for tribute towards expenses incurred or to be incurred in the repair Minister’s or maintenance of a building in their area appearing to them to ^Jain local be of architectural or historic interest shall be exercisable without authority the consent of the Minister. grants.

1962 c. 36.

59. In paragraph 12 of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1946 (applica- Compulsory tion of special parliamentary procedure to compulsory purchase purchase order affecting ancient monument etc., subject to certificate by affecting Minister of Public Building and Works that undertakings have

been given as to its preservation), the reference to land being, or umen ’ being the site of, an ancient monument or other object of archaeological interest shall be construed as not including a reference to a listed building or any land or object comprised

3 4

2006

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part V 1882 c. 73.

1913 c. 32.

Crown land.

Constitution of Planning Inquiry Commissions.

1957 c. 20.

within the curtilage of such a building, unless the building or object is specified in the Schedule to the Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1882 or is for the time being specified in a list published under section 12 of the Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act 1913.

60.—(1) A building may be included in a list compiled or approved by the Minister under section 32 of the principal Act notwithstanding that it is Crown land.

(2) Notwithstanding any interest of the Crown ic Crown land, but subject to the provisions of section 199 of the principal Act (exercise of powers under that Act in relation to Crown land), any restrictions or powers imposed or conferred by this Part of this Act shall apply and be exercisable in relation to Crown land to the extent of any interest therein for the time being held otherwise than by or on behalf of the Crown.

(3) In this section the expression "Crown land" has the same meaning as in section 199 of the principal Act.

Part VI

Miscellaneous Changes in Planning Law

Planning Inquiry Commissions

61.—(1) The Minister may constitute a Planning Inquiry Commission to inquire into and report on any matter referred to them under section 62 below.

(2) Any such commission shall consist of a chairman and not less than two nor more than four other members appointed by the Minister.

(3) The Minister may pay to the members of any such commission such remuneration and allowances as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine, and may provide for each such commission such officers or servants, and such accommodation, as appears to him expedient to provide for the purpose of assisting the commission in the discharge of their functions.

(4) The validity of any proceedings of any such commission shall not be affected by any vacancy among the members of the commission or by any defect in the appointment of any member.

(5) In Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 (commissions, tribunals and other bodies all members of which are disqualified under that Act), in its application to the House of Commons of the Parliament of

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2007

the United Kingdom, the following entry shall be inserted at the Part VI appropriate place in alphabetical order:—

"A Planning Inquiry Commission constituted under Part VI of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968

(6) The " Minister ", in relation to any matter affecting both England and Wales, means in subsections (1) and (2) above the Minister of Housing and Local Government and the Secretary of State for Wales acting jointly, and in subsection (3) above one of those Ministers authorised by the other to act on behalf of both of them for the purposes of that subsection.

62.—(1) The following matters may, in the circumstances References to mentioned in subsection (2) below, be referred to a Planning a Planning Inquiry Commission, that is to say— commission

(a) an application for planning permission which the Minister has under section 22 of the principal Act directed to be referred to him instead of being dealt with by a local planning authority;

(b) an appeal under section 23 of that Act (appeals to the Minister against planning decisions) as originally enacted or as applied by or under any other provision of that Act;

(c) a proposal that a government department should give a direction under section 41 of that Act that planning permission shall be deemed to be granted for development by a local authority or by statutory undertakers which is required by any enactment to be authorised by that department;

(d) a proposal that development should be carried out by or on behalf of a government department.

(2) Any of the matters mentioned in subsection (1) above may be referred to any such commission under this section if it appears expedient to the responsible Minister or Ministers that the question whether the proposed development should be permitted to be carried out should be the subject of a special inquiry on either or both of the following grounds: —

(a) there are considerations of national or regional impor-

tance which are relevant to the determination of that question and require evaluation, but a proper evaluation thereof cannot be made unless there is a special inquiry for the purpose;

(b) the technical or scientific aspects of the proposed development are of so unfamiliar a character as to jeopardise a proper determination of that question unless there is a special inquiry for the purpose.

3S*

2008

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part VI (3) Two or more of the matters mentioned in subsection (1) above may be referred to the same commission under this section if it appears to the responsible Minister or Ministers that they relate to proposals to carry out development for similar purposes on different sites.

(4) Where a matter referred to a commission under this section relates to a proposal to carry out development for any purpose at a particular site, the responsible Minister or Ministers may also refer to the commission the question whether development for that purpose should instead be carried out at an alternative site.

(5) The responsible Minister or Ministers shall, on referring a matter to a commission under this section, state in the reference the reasons therefor and may draw the attention of the commission to any points which seem to him or them to be relevant to their inquiry.

(6) A commission inquiring into a matter referred to them under this section shall—

(a) identify and investigate the considerations relevant to,

or the technical or scientific aspects of, that matter which in their opinion are relevant to the question whether the proposed development should be permitted to be carried out and assess the importance to be attached to those considerations or aspects;

(b) thereafter, if the applicant, in the case of a matter mentioned in subsection (1) (a), (b) or (c) above, or the local planning authority in any case so desire, afford to each of them, and, in the case of an application or appeal mentioned in the said subsection (l)(a) or (b), to any person who has made representations relating to the subject matter of the application or appeal which the authority are required to take into account under section 17(2) or (3) of the principal Act, an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by one or more members of the commission;

(c) report to the responsible Minister or Ministers on the

matter referred to them.

(7) Any such commission may, with the approval of the Minister and at his expense, arrange for the carrying out (whether by the commission themselves or by others) of research of any kind appearing to them to be relevant to a matter referred to them for inquiry and report.

In this subsection " the Minister ", in relation to any matter affecting both England and Wales, means the Minister of Housing and Local Government or the Secretary of State acting

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2009

in either case, by arrangements between the two of them, on Part VI behalf of both.

(8) Sections 22(5) and 23(5) of the principal Act (duty of Minister to afford parties a hearing in cases of called-in applications for planning permission and appeals), and sections 21(6) and 22(4) of this Act, shall not apply to an application for planning permission or an appeal referred to a commission under subsection (1) above.

(9) Schedule 6 to this Act shall have effect for the construction of references in this section and section 63 below to " the responsible Minister or Ministers *\

63.—(1) A reference to a Planning Inquiry Commission of a Procedure on proposal that development should be carried out by or on behalf reference to of a government department may be made at any time and a reference of any other matter mentioned in section 62 above may Commission, be made at any time before, but not after, the determination of the relevant application referred under section 22 of the principal Act or the relevant appeal under section 23 of that Act or, as the case may be, the giving of the relevant direction under section 41 of that Act, notwithstanding that an inquiry or other hearing has been held into the proposal by a person appointed by any Minister for the purpose.

(2) Notice of the making of a reference to any such commission shall be published in the prescribed manner, and a copy of the notice shall be served on the local planning authority for the area in which it is proposed that the relevant development shall be carried out, and—

(a) in the case of an application for planning permission

referred under section 22 of the principal Act or an appeal under section 23 of that Act, on the applicant and any person who has made representations relating to the subject matter of the application or appeal which the authority are required to take into account under section 17(2) or (3) of the principal Act;

(b) in the case of a proposal that a direction should be

given under section 41 of that Act with respect to any development, on the local authority or statutory undertakers applying for authorisation to carry out that development.

(3) A Planning Inquiry Commission shall, for the purpose of complying with section 62(6)(b) above, hold a local inquiry; and they may hold such an inquiry, if they think it necessary for the proper discharge of their functions, notwithstanding that neither the applicant nor the local planning authority desire an opportunity of appearing and being heard.

3 * 2

2010

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part VI

1958 c. 66.

1933 c. 51.

Delegation c planning functions to officers of local

authorities.

(4) Where a Planning Inquiry Commission are to hold a local inquiry under subsection (3) above in connection with a matter referred to them, and it appears to the responsible Minister or Ministers, in the case of some other matter falling to be determined by a Minister of the Crown and required or authorised by an enactment other than this section to be the subject of a local inquiry, that the two matters are so far cognate that they should be considered together, he or, as the case may be, they may direct that the two inquiries be held concurrently or combined as one inquiry.

(5) An inquiry held by such a commission under this section shall be treated for the purposes of the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1958 as one held by a Minister in pursuance of a duty imposed by a statutory provision.

(6) Subsections (2) to (5) of section 290 of the Local Government Act 1933 (evidence and costs at local inquiries) shall apply in relation to an inquiry held under subsection (3) above as they apply in relation to an inquiry caused to be held by a department under subsection (1) of that section with the substitution for references to a department (other than the first reference in subsection (4)) of references to the responsible Minister or Ministers.

(7) Subject to the provisions of this section and to any directions given to them by the responsible Minister or Ministers, a Planning Inquiry Commission shall have power to regulate their own procedure.

Delegation of planning functions

64.—(1) A local planning authority may delegate to any officer of the authority the function of determining all or any, or a specified class, of the following applications, that is to say—

(a) an application for planning permission under Part III

of the principal Act;

(b) an application for consent under an order under section

29 of that Act to the cutting down, topping, lopping or destruction of trees;

(c) an application for consent under regulations under

section 34 of that Act to the display of advertisements;

(d) an application for a determination under section 43 of that Act of the questions whether the carrying out of operations on land or the making of any change in the use of land constitutes or involves development of the land and, if so, whether an application for planning permission in respect thereof is required having regard to the provisions of the development order;

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2011

(e) an application for an established use certificate under section 17 of this Act;

if) an application for an approval required by a development order or by a condition imposed on the grant of planning permission.

(2) A local authority to whom the function of determining any such application as is referred to in subsection (1) above is delegated under section 3 of the principal Act may delegate either—

(a) to an officer of theirs; or

(b) with the consent of the local planning authority, to an

officer of that authority, the function of determining all or any, or a specified class, of those applications.

(3) A delegation made by a local authority under this section to an officer of theirs or of another local authority—

(a) shall be made to the officer by name;

(b) may be made with or without restrictions or conditions;

(c) may be withdrawn ait any time by the delegating

authority (either generally or in respect of a particular application), without prejudice to anything previously done by the officer thereunder; and

(d) shall, in the case of a delegation under subsection (2

above, be treated as withdrawn if the consent of the local planning authority under that paragraph is withdrawn.

(4) Where a local authority have under this section delegated to an officer of theirs or of another local authority the function of determining applications, and the officer so requests in the case of any application specified by him, the delegating authority shall themselves, instead of him, determine the application.

(5) Where any functions have under this section been delegated to an officer of a local authority, any determination by him of such an application as is referred to in subsection (1) of this section shall, if it is notified in writing to the applicant, be treated for all purposes as a determination of the delegating authority.

(6) Where an action has been brought against an officer of a local authority in respect of an act done by him in the discharge or purported discharge of functions delegated to him under this section and the circumstances are such that he is not legally entitled to require the delegating authority to indemnify him, that authority may nevertheless indemnify him against the whole or part of any damages and costs which he may have been ordered to pay or may have incurred, if they are satisfied that he

3 * 3

Part VI

2012

Ch. 72

Town and Country Flaming Act 1968

Part VI

Limit of duration of planning permissions past and future.

honestly believed that the act complained of was done in the discharge of those functions and that his duty required or entitled him to do it

(7) In relation to any functions delegated under this section by a local authority to an officer of theirs or of another local authority, any reference to the local planning authority in any enactment relating to those functions shall (subject to the terms of the delegation and so far as the context does not otherwise require) be construed as including a reference to that officer.

Duration of planning permission

65.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, every planning permission granted or deemed to have been granted before the commencement of this section shall, if the development to which it relates has not been begun before the beginning of 1968, be deemed to have been granted subject to a condition that the development must be begun not later than the expiration of five years beginning with the said commencement

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, every planning permission granted or deemed to be granted after the commencement of this section shall be granted or, as the case may be, be deemed to be granted, subject to the condition that the development to which it relates must be begun not later than the expiration of—

(a) five years beginning with the date on which the per-

mission is granted or, as the case may be, deemed to be granted; or

(b) such other period (whether longer or shorter) beginning

with the said date as the authority concerned with the terms of the planning permission may direct, being a period which the authority consider appropriate having regard to the provisions of the development plan and to any other material considerations.

(3) If after the commencement of this section planning permission is granted without the condition required by subsection

(2) above, it shall be deemed to have been granted subject to the condition that the development to which it relates must be begun not later than the expiration of five years beginning with the date of the grant.

(4) Nothing in this section applies—

(a) to any outline planning permission, as defined by section

66 below;

(b) to any planning permission granted by a development

order;

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2013

(c) to any planning permission which was granted or deemed Part VI to be granted, before the commencement of this section, subject to an express condition that the development to which it relates should be begun, or be completed, not later than a specified date or within a specified period;

(d) to any planning permission granted for a limited period (within the meaning of section 18 of the principal Act); or

(e) to any planning permission granted under section 20 of the principal Act on an application relating to buildings or works completed, or a use of land instituted, before the date of the application.

66.—(1) In this section and section 65 above, " outline plan- Outline ning permission " means planning permission granted, in planning accordance with the provisions of a development order, with P®1™13810115* the reservation for subsequent approval by the local planning authority or the Minister of matters (referred to in this section as "reserved matters'*) not particularised in the application.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, where before the commencement of this section outline planning permission has been granted for development consisting in or including the carrying out of building or other operations, and the development has not been begun before the beginning of 1968, that planning permission shall be deemed to have been granted subject to conditions to the following effect:—

(a) that, in the case of any reserved matter, application for approval must be made not later than the expiration of three years beginning with the date of the commencement of this section; and

(b) that the development to which the permission relates must be begun not later than whichever is die later of the following dates,—

(i) the expiration of five years from the date of the commencement of this section; or

(ii) the expiration of two years from the final approval of the reserved matters or, in the case of approval on different dates, the final approval of the last such matter to be approved.

(3) Subection (2) above shall not apply to a planning permission granted before the commencement of this section subject to an express condition that the development to which it relates should be begun, or be completed, or that application for approval of any reserved matter should be made, not later than a specified date or within a specified period.

3 * 4

2014

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part VI (4) Subject to the provisions of this section, where outline planning permission is granted after the commencement of this section for such development as is referred to in subsection (2) above, it shall be granted subject to conditions to the following effect:—

(a) that, in the case of any reserved matter, application

for approval must be made not later than the expiration of three years beginning with the date of the grant of outline planning permission; and

(b) that the development to which the permission relates

must be begun not later than whichever is the later of the following dates,—

(i) the expiration of five years from the date of the grant of outline planning permission; or

(ii) the expiration of two years from the final approval of the reserved matters or, in the case of approval on different dates, the final approval of the last such matter to be approved.

(5) If after the commencement of this section outline planning permission is granted without the conditions required by subsection (4) above, it shall be deemed to have been granted subject to those conditions.

(6) The authority concerned with the terms of an outline planning permission may, in applying subsection (4) above, substitute, or direct that there be substituted, for the periods of three years, five years or two years referred to in that subsection such other periods respectively (whether longer or shorter) as they consider appropriate.

(7) The said authority may, in applying the said subsection, specify, or direct that there be specified, separate periods under paragraph (a) of the subsection in relation to separate parts of the development to which the planning permission relates; and, if they do so, the condition required by paragraph (b) of the subsection shall then be framed correspondingly by reference to those parts, instead of by reference to the development as a whole.

(8) In considering whether to exercise their powers under subsections (6) and (7) above, the said authority shall have regard to the provisions of the development plan and to any other material considerations.

Provisions 67.—(1) For the purposes of sections 65 and 66 above,

supplementary development shall be taken to be begun on the earliest date on to ss. 65 and 66. which any specified operation (as defined in section 64(3) of 1967 c. 1. the Land Commission Act 1967) comprised in the development begins to be carried out.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2015

(2) The authority referred to in section 65(2 and section 66(6) above is the local planning authority or the Minister, in the case of planning permission granted by them, and—

(a) in the case of planning permission granted by an order

under section 28 of the principal Act (requirement of discontinuance of use of land or alteration or removal of buildings or works) is the local planning authority making the order or, where the Minister in confirming the order exercises his powers under section 28(5) of that Act, the Minister;

(b) in the case of planning permission under section 41 of

the principal Act (grant by direction of a government department) is the department on whose direction planning permission is deemed to be granted.

(3) For the purposes of section 66(2) and (4) above, a reserved matter shall be treated as finally approved when an application for approval is granted or, in a case where the application is made to the local planning authority and there is an appeal to the Minister against the authority’s decision on the application and the Minister grants the approval, on the date of the determination of the appeal.

(4) Where after the commencement of sections 65 and 66 above a local planning authority grant planning permission, the fact that any of the conditions of the permission are required by this Act to be imposed, or are deemed by this Act to be imposed, shall not prevent the conditions being the subject of an appeal under section 23 of the principal Act against the decision of the authority.

(5) Section 18(3) of the principal Act (planning permission not to be taken as authorising operations carried out after the time limited in that behalf by the permission) shall not have effect in relation to a planning permission having conditions attached to it by or under section 65(1), (2) or (3) or section 66(2), (4) or (5) above; but in the case of such a planning permission (whether outline or other),—

(a) development carried out after the date by which the

conditions of the permission require it to be carried out shall be treated as not authorised by the permission; and

(b) an application for approval of a reserved matter, if it is

made after the date by which the conditions require it to be made, shall be treated as not made in accordance with the terms of the permission.

Part V

2016

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part VI (6) Compensation under Part VI of the principal Act shall not be payable in respect of the application to any planning per* mission of any of the conditions referred to in sections 65 and 66 of this Act

(7) The said conditions shall be disregarded for the purposes—

(a) of section 123 of the principal Act (compensation for

planning decisions restricting development);

(b) of section 129 of that Act (right of landowner to serve purchase notice, where he claims that the land has become incapable of reasonably beneficial use on account of the refusal of planning permission or the imposition of conditions); and

(c) of section 170 of that Act (compensation of statutory

undertakers in respect of certain planning decisions).

Termination of 68.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have planning effect where, by virtue of section 65 or 66 above, a planning toby permission (whether granted before or after the commencement time limit. of those sections) is subject to a condition that the development to which the permission relates must be begun before the expiration of a particular period and that development has been begun within that period but the period has elapsed without the development having been completed.

(2) If the local planning authority are of opinion that the development will not be completed within a reasonable period, they may serve a notice (hereafter in this section referred to as a " completion notice ") stating that the planning permission will cease to have effect at the expiration of a further period specified in the notice, being a period of not less than twelve months after the notice takes effect.

(3) A completion notice—

(a) shall be served on the owner and occupier of the

land and on any other person who in the opinion of the local planning authority will be affected by the notice; and

(b) shall take effect only if and when it is confirmed by the Minister, who may in confirming it substitute some longer period for that specified in the notice as the period at the expiration of which the planning permission is to to cease to have effect.

(4) If, within such period as may be specified in a completion notice (not being less than twenty-eight days from the service thereof) any person on whom the notice is served so requires, the Minister before confirming the notice shall afford to that person and to the local planning authority an

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2017

opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person Part VI appointed by the Minister for the purpose.

(5) If a completion notice takes effect, the planning permission therein referred to shall at the expiration of the period specified in the notice, whether the original period specified under subsection (2) above or a longer period substituted by the Minister under subsection (3) above, be invalid except so far as it authorises any development carried out thereunder up to the end of that period.

(6) The local planning authority may withdraw a completion notice at any time before the expiration of the period specified therein as the period at the expiration of which the planning permission is to cease to have effect; and if they do so they shall forthwith give notice of the withdrawal to every person who was served with the completion notice.

Statutory undertakers

69.—(1) Where an interest in land is held by statutory under- New provision

takers for the purpose of the carrying on of their undertaking to what is ftTUi operational

ana— land " of

(a) the interest was acquired by them after the commence- statutory ment of this section; or undertakers.

(b) it was held by them immediately before that commencement, but the circumstances were then such that the land did not fall to be treated as operational land for the purposes of the principal Act,

then the following subsection shall have effect for the purpose of determining whether the land is to be so treated and shall so have effect notwithstanding the definition of "operational land " in section 221(1) of the principal Act.

(2) The land shall not be treated as operational land for the purposes of the principal Act unless one or both of the following conditions are satisfied with respect to it, namely—

(a) there is, or at some time has been, in force with respect

to the land a specific planning permission for its development and that development, if carried out, would involve or have involved the use of the land for the purpose of the carrying on of the statutory undertakers’ undertaking; or

(b) the undertakers’ interest in the land was acquired by

them as the result of a transfer under provisions of the Transport Act 1968 from other statutory undertakers i%8 c. 73. and the land was, immediately before the transfer, operational land of those other undertakers.

2018

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part VI (3) A specific planning permission for the purpose of subsection (2)(a) above is a planning permission—

(a) granted on an application in that behalf under Part III

of the principal Act or the enactments previously in force and replaced by that Part of that Act; or

(b) granted by provisions of a development order granting

planning permission generally for development which has received specific parliamentary approval; or

(c) granted by a special development order in respect of

development specifically described in the order; or

(d) deemed to be granted by virtue of a direction of a government department under section 41 of the prin-1947 c. 51. cipal Act or section 35 of the Town and Country

Planning Act 1947;

and the reference in paragraph ( of this subsection to development which has received specific parliamentary approval shall be construed as referring to development authorised by a local or private Act of Parliament or by an order approved by both Houses of Parliament or by an order which has been brought 1945 c. 18 (9 & into operation in accordance with the provisions of the Statutory 10 Geo. 6). Orders (Special Procedure) Act 1945. being an Act or order which designates specifically both the nature of the development thereby authorised and the land upon which it may be carried out.

Planning 76.—(1) In the circumstances mentioned in subsection (2)

applications below, section 159(1) of the principal Act (statutory undertakers’ and appeals by planning applications and appeals, if in respect of operational Lidertakers. land, to be dealt with by Ministers) shall apply to an application or appeal by statutory undertakers in respect of land which is not operational land as it applies to an application or appeal in respect of land which is.

(2) The said circumstances are that—

(a) an interest in the land in question is held by the under-

takers with a view to its being used for the purpose of carrying on their undertaking; or

(b) it is land in which they propose to acquire an interest

with a view to its being so used,

and (in either case) the planning permission, if granted on the application or appeal, would be for development involving the use of the land for that purpose.

(3) The following provisions of the principal Act (being provisions which require certain planning decisions and orders

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72 2019

affecting statutory undertakers to be subject to special parlia- Part VI mentary procedure) shall cease to have effect:—

(a) section 159(2) (decision on planning application in

respect of operational land or appeal thereon), except as respects an application for planning permission made before the commencement of this section or an appeal from the decision on an application so made;

(b) section 160(1) (decision of a government department

refusing, or attaching conditions to, statutory authorisation for development), except as respects a decision made before that commencement;

(c) section 161(2) (order revoking or modifying planning

permission in respect of operational land), except as respects an order of which notice has been given under that subsection before that commencement;

(d) section 162(2) (order requiring discontinuance of use etc. of operational land), except as respects an order of which notice has been given under that subsection before that commencement;

(e) section 163(3)(h) (compulsory purchase order with respect to land acquired by statutory undertakers for the purpose of their undertaking), except as respects an order made or confirmed before that commencement; and

(/) section 165(3) (order extinguishing a right of way or rights of statutory undertakers in respect of apparatus under certain land), except as respects an order made before that commencement

71.—(1) Except as provided by subsection (2) below, statutory Restrictions on undertakers shall not be entitled to compensation in respect of a entitlement of decision mentioned in section 170(l)(a) or (b) of the principal to

Act (right to compensation in respect of certain decisions and compensation orders) where that decision is made after the commencement of for adverse this section. planning

decisions.

(2) Subsection (1) above shall not apply to compensation in respect of a decision made in accordance with section 159 of the principal Act refusing planning permission for the development of operational land, or granting such permission subject to conditions, where—

(a) planning permission for that development would have

been granted by a development order but for a direction given under such an order that planning permission so granted should not apply to the development; and

(b) it is not development which has received specific parliamentary approval (within the meaning given to that expression by section 69(3) of this Act).

2020

Part VI

Modifications of s. 164 of principal Act.

Notice for same purposes as s. 164, but given by statutory undertakers to developing authority.

Ch. 72 Town and Country Flaming Act 1968

(3) Section 119 of the principal Act (compensation on refusal of planning permission or its grant subject to conditions) shall not apply in relation to planning permission for the development of operational land of statutory undertakers.

72. —(1) Section 164 of the principal Act (power of Minister, local planning authority or statutory undertakers, on acquisition or appropriation of land for development, by service of notice to secure extinguishment of statutory undertakers* rights over the land or the removal of their apparatus) shall be amended in accordance with this section.

(2) A notice under that section shall not be served by the acquiring or appropriating authority unless they are satisfied that the extinguishment of the statutory undertakers* right or, as the case may be, the removal of their apparatus, is necessary for the purpose of carrying out any development with a view to which the land was acquired or appropriated.

(3) The period referred to in subsection (1) of the said section (that is to say the period to be specified in a notice under the section as the period at the end of which the statutory undertakers* right will be extinguished or, as the case may be, before the end of which their apparatus shall be removed) shall be a period of not less than twenty-eight days from the date of service of the notice.

73. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where land has been acquired or appropriated as mentioned in section 164(1) of the principal Act. and—

(a) there is on, under or over the land any apparatus vested

in or belonging to statutory undertakers; and

(b) the undertakers claim that development to be carried

out on the land is such as to require, on technical or other grounds connected with the carrying on of their undertaking, the removal or re-siting of the apparatus affected by the development,

the undertakers may serve on the acquiring or appropriating authority a notice claiming the right to enter on the land and carry out such works for the removal or re-siting of the apparatus or any part of it as may be specified in the notice.

(2) Where, after the land has been acquired or appropriated as aforesaid, development of the land is begun to be carried out, no notice under this section shall be served later than twenty-one days after the beginning of the development.

(3) Where a notice is served under this section, the authority on whom it is served may. before the end of the period of twenty-eight days from the date of service, serve on the statutory

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2021

undertakers a counter-notice stating that they object to all or Part VI any of the provisions of the notice and specifying the grounds of their objection.

(4) If no counter-notice is served under subsection (3) above, the statutory undertakers shall, after the end of the period of twenty-eight days therein mentioned, have the rights claimed in their notice.

(5) If a counter-notice is served under subsection (3) above, the statutory undertakers who served the notice under this section may either withdraw it or may apply to the Minister and the appropriate Minister for an order under this section conferring on the undertakers the rights claimed in the notice or such modified rights as the Minister and the appropriate Minister think it expedient to confer on them.

(6) Where, by virtue of this section or of an order of Ministers thereunder, statutory undertakers have the right to execute works for the removal or re-siting of apparatus, they may arrange with the acquiring or appropriating authority for the works to be carried out by that authority, under the superintendence of the undertakers, instead of by the undertakers themselves.

(7) Where works are carried out for the removal or re-siting of statutory undertakers* apparatus, being works which the undertakers have the right to carry out by virtue of this section or an order of Ministers thereunder, the undertakers shall be entitled to compensation from the acquiring or appropriating authority; and the amount of the compensation shall be an amount calculated in accordance with subsections (2) to (4) of section 171 of the principal Act but reduced, in a case where the authority carry out the works, by the actual cost to the authority of doing so.

(8) In subsections (2) to (4) of section 171 of the principal Act, as they apply for the purposes of this section, any reference to " the proceeding giving rise to compensation *’ shall, instead of being construed in accordance with subsection (5) of that section, be construed as a reference to the circumstances making it necessary for the apparatus in question to be removed or re-sited.

General planning control

74. Notwithstanding anything in section 12(2) (a) of the Expansion of principal Act (carrying out of works for the maintenance, im- building below provement or other alteration of a building not to constitute institute development if it is wholly internal or does not materially affect development, the building’s external appearance) the carrying out of works for the alteration of any building by providing additional space therein below ground shall, if begun after the commencement

2022

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part VI

Modification of transitory exemptions based on pre-1948 use.

1947 c. 51.

Posting of site notice prior to planning application.

of this section, be treated for the purposes of the principal Act as involving development

75. —(1) Section 13(2) of the principal Act (exemption from requirement of planning permission for resumption of normal use before the original appointed day) and section 13(4) of that Act (the same as to resumption of use of land which on that day was unoccupied) shall not have effect as respects any use of land begun or resumed after the commencement of this section.

(2) In the case of land which on the original appointed day was normally used for one purpose and was also used on occasions for another purpose, section 13(3) of the principal Act (exemption from requirement of planning permission for resumption of previous occasional use) shall, as respects any use of the land for the other purpose after the commencement of this section, apply only if the land has, since the original appointed day, been used for the other purpose on at least one similar occasion before the beginning of 1968.

(3) In applying section 13(5), (6) and (8) of the principal Act (factors relevant for determining whether planning permission is required for resumption of use following the expiration of a limited planning permission), no account shall be taken of any contravention of previous planning control other than contravention of the provisions of Part III of the Town and Country Planning Act 1947; and accordingly—

(a) in both section 13(6) and 13(8), for the words " or in

contravention of previous planning control " there shall be substituted the words " or in contravention of the provisions of Part III of the Act of 1947 "; and

(b) section 13(10) shall cease to have effect.

(4) Section 13(9) of the principal Act (planning permission not required, where land has been developed without such permission, for a use of the land which would have been lawful apart from the development) shall not apply to any use of land which, by the operation of this section, has become unlawful without planning permission.

(5) In this section "the original appointed day" means the appointed day for the purposes of the Town and Country Planning Act 1947, that is to say 1st July 1948.

76. —(1) An application for planning permission for development of any class to which section 15 of the principal Act (certain classes of planning application, prescribed by development order, to be supported by evidence of prior publicity) applies shall not

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2023

be entertained by the local planning authority unless it is accom- Part VI panied by one or other of the following certificates, signed by or on behalf of the applicant, that is to say—

(a) a certificate stating that he has complied with subsection

(2) of this section and when he did so; or

(b) a certificate stating that he has been unable to comply

with it because he has not such rights of access or other rights in respect of the land as would enable him to do so, but that he has taken such reasonable steps as are open to him (specifying them) to acquire those rights and has been unable to acquire them.

(2) In order to comply with this subsection a person must—

(a) post on the land a notice, in such form as may be prescribed by a development order, stating that the application for planning permission is to be made; and

(b) leave the notice in position for not less than seven days

in a period of not more than one month immediately preceding the making of the application to the local planning authority.

(3) The said notice must be posted by affixing it firmly to some object on the land, and must be sited and displayed in such a way as to be easily visible and legible by members of the public without going on the land.

(4) The applicant shall not be treated as unable to comply with subsection (2) of this section if the notice is, without any fault or intention of his, removed, obscured or defaced before the seven days referred to in subsection (2 above have elapsed, so long as he has taken reasonable steps for its protection and. if need be, replacement; and, if he has cause to rely on this subsection, his certificate under subsection (1) above shall state the relevant circumstances.

(5) The notice required by subsection (2) of this section shall (in addition to any other matters required to be contained therein) name a place within the locality where a copy of the application for planning permission, and of all plans and other documents submitted therewith, will be open to inspection by the public at all reasonable hours during such period as may be specified in the notice, not being a period of less than twenty-one days beginning with the date on which the notice is first posted.

(6) If any person issues a certificate which purports to comply with the requirements of this section and which contains a statement which he knows to be false and misleading in a material particular, or recklessly issues a certificate which pur-

2024

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part VI

Extension of s. 19 of principal Act with respect t< development affecting trunk and special roads.

Local register of planning applications.

Reference to Minister of application for approval under outline planning permission.

ports to comply with those requirements and which contains a statement which is false or misleading in a material particular, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

(7) Any certificate issued for the purpose of this section shall be in such form as may be prescribed by a development order.

77. In section 19(2) of the principal Act (power to provide by a development order for regulating the manner in which applications for planning permission are to be dealt with by local planning authorities and, in particular, for enabling the Minister of Transport to restrict the grant of planning permission for development affecting roads) the reference in paragraph (a) to development falling within subsection (3) of the section shall include, and be deemed always to have included, a reference to development of or affecting land on which the Minister of Transport or, in relation to Wales, the Secretary of State proposes to provide a trunk road or a special road, being a road the route of which is shown as such in the development plan or in the case of which the Minister or Secretary of State (as the case may be) has given to the local planning authority written notice of his intention to provide the road, together with maps or plans sufficient to identify the proposed route of the road.

78. A development order may make provision for the register of planning applications kept by a local planning authority under section 19(4) of the principal Act to be kept in two or more parts, each part containing such information relating to applications for planning permission made to the authority as may be prescribed by the order, and may also make provision—

(a) for a specified part of the register to contain copies

of applications and of any plans or drawings submitted therewith; and

(b) for the entry relating to any application, and every thing relating thereto, to be removed from that part of the register when the application (including any appeal arising out of it) has been finally disposed of, without prejudice to the inclusion of any different entry relating thereto in another part of the register.

79. The power of the Minister to give directions under section 22 of the principal Act, requiring applications for planning permission to be referred to him instead of being dealt with by the local planning authority, shall be exercisable also in relation to applications for any approval of an authority required under a development order, and references to applications in

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2025

subsections (2), (3), (5) and (6) of that section shall be construed accordingly.

80.—(1) The following provisions shall have effect where the local planning authority have made an order under section 27 of the principal Act (revocation or modification of planning permission) but have not submitted the order to the Minister for confirmation by him, and—

(a) the owner and the occupier of the land and all persons

who in the authority’s opinion will be affected by the order have notified the authority in writing that they do not object to the order; and

(b) it appears to the authority that no claim for compen-

sation is likely to arise under section 118 of the principal Act on account of the order.

(2) The authority shall advertise in the prescribed manner the fact that the order has been made, and the advertisement shall specify—

(a) the period (not less than twenty-eight days from the date

on which the advertisement first appears) within which persons affected by the order may give notice to the Minister that they wish for an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose; and

(b) the period (not less than fourteen days from the expira-

tion of the period referred to in paragraph (a) above) at the expiration of which, if no such notice is given to the Minister, the order may take effect by virtue of this section and without being confirmed by the Minister.

(3) The authority shall also serve notice to the same effect on the persons mentioned in subsection (l)(a) above, and the notice shall include a statement of the effect of subsection (7) of this section.

(4) The authority shall send a copy of any advertisement published under subsection (2) above to the Minister, not more than three days after the publication.

(5) If within the period referred to in subsection (2 above no person claiming to be affected by the order has given notice to the Minister as aforesaid, and the Minister has not directed that the order be submitted to him for confirmation, the order shall, at the expiration of the period referred to in subsection (2 )(b) of this section, take effect by virtue of this section and without being confirmed by the Minister as required by section 27(2) of the principal Act

Part VI

Unopposed revocation or modification of planning permission.

2026

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part VI

Procedure in connection with making and

confirmation of tree preservation orders.

Notice by Minister to

planning

authority

when

exercising

default

powers.

(6) This section does not apply to an order revoking or modifying a planning permission granted or deemed to have been granted by the Minister under Part III or Part IV of the principal Act or under Part II or Part V of this Act; nor does it apply to an order modifying any conditions to which a planning permission is subject by virtue of section 65 or 66 of this Act

(7) No compensation shall be payable under section 118 of the principal Act in respect of an order under section 27 of that Act which takes effect by virtue of this section and without being confirmed by the Minister.

81. —(1) The provisions which may by virtue of subsection <l)(c) of section 29 of the principal Act (tree preservation orders) be applied by such an order in relation to any consent thereunder shall include section 80 of this Act.

(2) Regulations made by virtue of section 29(5) of the principal Act may (without prejudice to the generality of that subsection) make provision as follows:—

(i a)that, before a tree preservation order is submitted to the Minister for confirmation, notice of the making of the order shall be given to the owners and occupiers of land affected by the order and to such other persons, if any, as may be specified in the regulations;

(b) that objections and representations with respect to the order, if duly made in accordance with the regulations, shall be considered before the order is confirmed by the Minister;

(c) that, if no objections or representations are so made, or

if any so made are withdrawn, the order, instead of requiring the confirmation of the Minister in accordance with section 29(4) of the principal Act, may be confirmed (but without any modification), as an unopposed order, by the authority who made it; and

(d) that copies of the order, when confirmed by the Minister or the authority, shall be served on such persons as may be specified in the regulations.

82. —(1) The Minister, where he proposes under section 207 of the principal Act (default powers) to make an order—

(a) under section 27 of that Act (revocation or modification

of planning permission), or under the provisions of that section as applied by any order or regulations made under Part III of that Act; or

(b) under section 28 of that Act (discontinuance of

specified use of land or alteration or removal of buildings or works).

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2027

shall serve a notice of the proposal on the local planning Part VI

authority; and if within such period as may be specified in the

notice (not less than twenty-eight days from the date of service)

the authority so require, die Minister before making the order

shall afford to the authority an opportunity of appearing before,

and being heard by, a person appointed by him for the purpose.

(2) The obligation of the Minister to serve a notice under this section shall be without prejudice to any requirements of Part III of the principal Act, or regulations made thereunder, having effect by virtue of section 207(3) of that Act (requirements as to notice etc., where Minister acts in place of local planning authority).

Control of office development

83.—(1) Without prejudice to section 23 of the Industrial Partial Development Act 1966 (restrictions or conditions which may be abrogation of attached to industrial development certificates issued by the °

Board of Trade under section 38 of the principal Act) the con- development, ditions which the Board of Trade may under that section attach a 34. to an industrial development certificate shall include conditions restricting the amount of office floor space to be contained in any building which is the subject of the development, or precluding it from containing any office floor space; and the conditions may be framed so as to apply (either or both) to the building as originally erected or as subsequently extended or altered.

(2) Notwithstanding section 5(1) of the Control of Office and 1965 c. 33. Industrial Development Act 1965 (of which the effect is that

an industrial development certificate under section 38 of the principal Act as well as an office development permit under section 1(3) of the said Act of 1965 is required in support of an application for planning permission for development which is not only industrial but involves the provision of office premises), compliance with the said section 1(3) shall not be required in respect of an application for planning permission for industrial development to which this section applies, where there has been issued by the Board of Trade and furnished to the local planning authority with the application a copy of an industrial development certificate with conditions attached thereto by virtue of subsection (1) above.

(3) The said Act of 1965 is hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1965

(4) In this section, "industrial development" means the development of land in any manner specified in section 38(1) of the principal Act (requirement of Board of Trade industrial development certificate to support application for planning permission for development involving provision of industrial

2028

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part VI

Modifications of section 7 of 1965 Act*

1966 c. 34.

Restriction on creation of office premises in building altered or extended.

building or change in the use of premises so that a building becomes industrial); and this section applies to industrial development only if there will result therefrom no office premises except such as are comprised within the curtilage of an industrial building and are used or designed for use for providing services or facilities ancillary to the use of other premises in the same building or curtilage.

(5) Development in respect of which there has been issued by the Board of Trade an industrial development certificate with conditions attached thereto by virtue of subsection (1) of this section shall be treated as not included in any reference to " related development " in section 2 of the Act of 1965 (which makes an office development permit unnecessary if the amount of office floor space to be created is below the prescribed exemption limit, but for this purpose requires that space to be aggregated with office floor space created, or to be created, in the course of other development affecting the same building or site).

84.—(1) Section 7 of the Act of 1965 (attachment to certain planning permissions of conditions restricting office floor space, where the permission can be granted without an office development permit) shall not apply to a planning permission granted after the commencement of this section for the erection of a building on any land, unless it is in an area to which Part I of that Act applied at the time when the application for the planning permission was made.

(2) Section 7 of the Act of 1965 shall not apply to a planning permission granted after the said commencement for the erection of a building with a floor space less than twice the prescribed exemption limit; nor shall it apply to a planning permission so granted for the erection of a building (of whatever floor space) which is wholly residential.

(3) Section 7 of the Act of 1965 shall not apply to a planning permission which is subject to conditions by virtue of section 23(5) or (6) of the Industrial Development Act 1966 (attachment to planning permission of conditions subject to which an industrial development certificate was issued by the Board of Trade) and those conditions either restrict the office floor space which the building may contain or preclude it from containing any office floor space.

85.—(1) The provisions of this section shall, subject to subsection (4) below, have effect with respect to a planning permission granted after the commencement of this section for the alteration or extension of a building in an area to which Part I of the Act of 1965 applies at the time of the grant and also

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2029

applied when the application for planning permission was made. Part VI but shall have effect only in the case of a building erected under a planning permission granted after the said commencement

(2) If the case is the following, that is to say:—

(a) either the erection of the building was not develop-

ment to which Part I of the Act of 1965 applied or it was so but no office development permit was required therefor; and

(b) either the proposed alteration or extension is not development to which the said Part I applies or it is so but no office development permit is required therefor; and

(c) there will result from the proposed alteration or exten-

sion a building with an aggregate floor space of twice, or more than twice, the prescribed exemption limit,

the planning permission for the alteration or extension shall be granted subject to the condition specified in subsection (3) of this section (in addition to any other conditions imposed by the authority granting the permission).

(3) The said condition is that the use of the building as altered or extended, or as subsequently further altered or extended, shall be restricted so that (whether in consquence of a change of use or otherwise) it does not at any time contain office premises having an aggregate office floor space which exceeds the prescribed exemption limit.

(4) In the following two cases this section shall not apply: —

(a) where the planning permission is in respect of a

building which, after its alteration or extension, will be wholly residential; and

(b) where the planning permission is subject to conditions

by virtue of section 23(5) or (6) of the Industrial 1966 c. 34. Development Act 1966 and those conditions either restrict the office floor space which the building as extended or altered may contain or preclude it from containing any office floor space.

86.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect with Corresponding respect to a planning permission granted after die commence- restriction on ment of this section for development involving the erection of plam^n? two or more buildings in an area to which Part I of the faTei^on Act of 1965 applies at the time of the grant and also applied when of several the application for planning permission was made, except in a buildings, case where all the buildings are exempt from this section.

2030

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part VI (2) Any one of the said buildings shall be exempt from this section if—

(a) it is wholly residential; or

(b) the planning permission is subject to conditions by

1966 c. 34. virtue of section 23(5) or (6) of the Industrial Develop-

ment Act 1966 and those conditions either restrict the office floor space which the building may contain or preclude it from containing any office floor space.

(3) If the aggregate floor space of the buildings proposed to be erected (leaving out of account any which are exempt from this section) is twice, or more than twice, the prescribed exemption limit and either the erection of the buildings is not development to which Part I of the Act of 1965 applies or it is so, but no office development permit is required therefor, the planning permission shall be granted subject to die condition specified in subsection (4) below (in addition to any other conditions imposed by the authority granting the permission).

(4) The said condition is that the use of each one of the buildings (excluding any which are exempt from this section) shall be restricted so that (whether in consequence of a change of use or otherwise) it does not at any time contain office premises having an aggregate floor space which exceeds die limit for that building specified in the condition, which limit shall (subject to subsection (5) below) be a floor space bearing such proportion to the building’s total floor space as the prescribed exemption limit bears to the aggregate floor space of all the buildings (excluding any which are exempt from this section) for whose erection the planning permission is granted.

(5) The authority granting the planning permission may in doing so specify in the said condition, as it applies to any building, a limit different from the one provided by subsection (4) above, but not so that the total of the limits for all the buildings to which the condition applies exceeds the prescribed exemption limit.

(6) If after the grant of the planning permission a further application for planning permission is made in respect of all or any of the buildings to which the condition specified in subsection

(4) of this section applies, and the further application involves a departure from the terms of the said condition as applying to any building, the application shall be subject to section 1(3) of the Act of 1965 (requirement of office development permit) notwithstanding any provision of that Act exempting development from the requirements of that section in particular cases.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2031

87. —(1) A planning permission with respect to which Part VI section 85 or 86 above has effect shall not be invalid by reason Provisions only that the requirements of section 85(2) or 86(3), as the supplementary case may be, are not complied with; but in that case the to ss. 83 to 86. planning permission shall be deemed to have been granted subject

to the condition specified in section 85(3) or 86(4), as the case may be, or (if any other conditions are imposed by the authority granting die permission) to have been granted subject to the condition so specified in addition to the other conditions; and references in those sections to a condition imposed thereunder shall be construed accordingly as including references to a condition deemed to be imposed.

(2) In sections 83 to 86 of this Act—

(a) "industrial building" has the meaning given to it by

section 21 of the Local Employment Act 1960, as i960 c. 18. amended by section 25 of the Industrial Development 1966 c. 34.

Act 1966;

(b) "office development permit", "office premises" and

" office floor space " have the same meanings as they have for the purposes of the Act of 1965;

(c) "the prescribed exemption limit", in relation to a

planning permission, has the meaning given to it by section 7(5) of the Act of 1965 in relation to planning permission granted as mentioned in subsection (1 of that section (restrictions on office development to be attached to planning permission not requiring office development permit); and

(d) "wholly residential" in relation to a building, means for use exclusively as a dwelling-house or comprising only units of accommodation for such use.

88. —(1) The functions of the Minister under the Location Transferof

of Offices Bureau Order 1963 (which was made under powers Minister’s

conferred by section 8 of the Minister of Town and Country

Planning Act 1943 to set up commissions to assist the Minister Location of in the exercise of his functions in relation to the use and develop- Offices Bureau, ment of land) are hereby transferred to the Board of Trade. .1.1963

(2) The Location of Offices Bureau shall, in discharging its 1943 c. 5.

functions, comply with such directions of a general character

as may be given by the Board of Trade.

(3) In the said Order of 1963—

(a) Article 2(1) shall not have effect except so far as it

provides for the Bureau to be a body corporate having perpetual succession and a common seal;

(b) Article 3(2) (duty to comply with the directions of the Minister) shall cease to have effect; and

3 T

2032

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part VI (c) for references to the Minister there shall be substituted

references to the Board of Trade;

1943 c. 5. and the power conferred by section 10 of the Minister of Town and Country Planning Act 1943 to vary or revoke an Order in Council made under the Act shall, as respects the said Order of 1963, be exercisable as if references in section 8 of the Act to the purpose of assisting the Minister in the exercise of his functions in relation to the use and development of land in England and Wales were references to that of assisting the Board of Trade in connection with their functions under the Act of 1965, and other references in that section to the Minister were references to the Board.

(4) This section shall not affect the validity of anything done by or in relation to the Minister before the coming into force of this section; and—

(a) anything which at the commencement of this section is in process of being done by or in relation to the Minister for the purposes of the said Order of 1963 may be continued by or in relation to the Board of Trade;

(h) any appointment made, direction given or other thing done by the Minister under or for the purposes of that Order shall, if in force at the commencement of this section, continue in force and have effect as if similarly made, given or done by the Board.

Transfer of Ministerial functions as to stopping up etc. of

footpaths and bridleways.

Stopping-up and diversion of highways

89.—(1) Section 153 of the principal Act (power of Minister of Transport to make orders authorising the stopping-up or diversion of highways in order to enable development to be carried out) shall be amended in accordance with this section.

(2) The power conferred on the Minister of Transport by section 153(1) of the principal Act to make an order authorising the stopping-up or diversion of a highway, where he is satisfied that it is necessary to do so in order to enable development to be carried out as mentioned in that subsection, shall, in the case of a footpath or bridleway, be exercisable also by the Minister of Housing and Local Government where that Minister is so satisfied; and the Minister of Transport shall not make an order under that subsection in the case of a footpath or bridleway unless, at the time when he first publishes notice of the order in accordance with section 154(1) of the principal Act, it appears to him to be necessary for the said purpose also to authorise the stopping-up or diversion of some other highway, not being a footpath or bridleway.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2033

(3) Subsection (2) of the said section 153 shall not apply to an Part VI order made thereunder by the Minister of Housing and Local Government; but an order so made may make such provision

as appears to the Minister to be necessary or expedient for the creation of an alternative highway for use as a replacement for the one authorised by the order to be stopped-up or diverted, or for the improvement of an existing highway for such use.

(4) In relation to an order made by the Minister of Housing and Local Government under section 153 of the principal Act, subsection (3) of that section and section 154 of the Act (procedure and publicity for orders under section 153) shall apply with the substitution of references to that Minister for references to the Minister of Transport; and in subsections (4) and (5) of section 153 references to the latter shall be construed as including references to the former.

(5) In section 32 of the Mineral Workings Act 1951 (power 1951 c. 60. of Minister of Transport to make temporary stopping-up or diversion order in connection with surface working of minerals),—

(a) in subsection (1), after the words " Minister of Trans-

port " there shall be inserted the words " or the Minister of Housing and Local Government "; and

(b) in subsection (2), after the words " Minister of Trans-

port " there shall be inserted the words " or the Minister of Housing and Local Government, as the case may be".

(6) In this Act, " footpath " and " bridleway " have the same

meanings as in the Highways Act 1959. 1959 c. 25.

(7) Nothing in this section applies to or affects an order made by the Minister of Transport before the commencement of this section, or an order with respect to which he has, before that commencement, published in the London Gazette the notice required by section 154(1) of the principal Act.

(8) This section shall not apply to Wales.

90.—(1) Where the responsible Minister would, if planning procedure for permission for any development had been granted under Part III making orders of the principal Act, have power to make an order under forHs!Pp£S8"up section 153(1) of that Act authorising the stopping-up or diversion ^0118 of a highway in order to enable that development to be carried out, then, notwithstanding that such permission has not been granted, that Minister may, in the circumstances specified in subsections (2) to (4) below, publish notice of the draft of such an order in accordance with section 154 of that Act (procedure in relation to orders under section 153).

3 T 2

2034

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part VI (2) The responsible Minister may publish such a notice as aforesaid where the relevant development is the subject of an application for planning permission and either—

(i a) that application is made by a local authority or statutory undertakers or the National Coal Board; or

(b) that application stands referred to the Minister of

Housing and Local Government or the Secretary of State in pursuance of a direction under section 22 of the principal Act; or

(c) the applicant has appealed to the Minister of Housing

and Local Government or the Secretary of State under section 23 of that Act against a refusal of planning permission or of approval required under a development order, or against a condition of any such permission or approval.

(3) The responsible Minister may publish such a notice as aforesaid where—

(a) the relevant development is to be carried out by a local

authority, statutory undertakers or the National Coal Board and requires, by virtue of an enactment, the authorisation of a government department; and

(b) the developers have made application to the department for that authorisation and also requested a direction under section 41 of the principal Act or, in the case of

1958 c. 69. the National Coal Board, under section 2 of the Open-

cast Coal Act 1958, that planning permission be deemed to be granted for that development.

(4) The responsible Minister may publish such a notice as aforesaid where the council of a county or county borough, the Greater London Council, the council of a London borough, a joint planning board, or the Inner London Education Authority certify that they have begun to take such steps, in accordance with regulations made by virtue of section 42 of the principal Act (application of planning control to local planning authorities), as are requisite in order to enable them to obtain planning permission for the relevant development.

(5) Section 154(4) of that Act (power of responsible Minister to make an order under section 153 after considering any relevant objections and report) shall not be construed as authorising the responsible Minister to make an order under section 153(1) of that Act of which notice has been published by virtue of subsection (1) above until planning permission is granted for the development which occasions the making of the order.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2035

(6) In this section " the responsible Minister " means, except Part Vl in relation to Wales,—

ia) in relation to an order authorising the stopping-up or diversion of a footpath or bridleway only, the Minister of Housing and Local Government; and

(b) otherwise the Minister of Transport; and, in relation to Wales, means the Secretary of State.

91. —(1) If planning permission is granted under Part III of the New powers principal Act for constructing or improving, or the responsible to authorise Minister proposes to construct or improve, a highway (here- stopping-up after in this section referred to as "the main highway"), that"highways!* Minister may by order authorise the stopping-up or diversion

of any other highway which crosses or enters the route of the main highway or which is, or will be, otherwise affected by the construction or improvement of the main highway, if it appears to that Minister expedient to do so—

(a) in the interests of the safety of users of the main high-

way; or

(b) to facilitate the movement of traffic on the main highway.

(2) In this section, " the responsible Minister " means, except in relation to Wales, the Minister of Transport and, in relation to Wales, the Secretary of State.

(3) Sections 153(2) to (5), 154, 156, 157 and 158 of the principal Act (ancillary provisions, provisions as to compulsory acquisition of land in connection with highways and provisions as to telegraphic lines) and section 90 above shall apply in relation to an order under this section as they apply in relation to an order made by the Minister of Transport under section 153(1) of that Act with the substitution in the said sections of the principal Act for references to that Minister and the said section 153(1) of references to the responsible Minister (as defined by subsection (2) above) and this section.

(4) In section 32(3) of the Mineral Workings Act 1951 1951 c. 60. (rights of statutory undertakers in respect of their apparatus

where order made under section 153 of principal Act), after the reference to the said section 153 there shall be inserted an alternative reference to this section.

92. —(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where Conversion of a local planning authority by resolution adopt a proposal for highway into improving the amenity of part of their area, being a proposal ^°9]{>ath or which involves a highway in that area (being a highway over Dn eway* which the public have a right of way with vehicles, but not a

3 T 3

2036

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part VI trunk road or a road classified as a principal road for the pur-

1959 c. 25. poses of advances under section 235 of the Highways Act 1959)

being changed to a footpath or bridleway.

(2) The responsible Minister may, on an application made by the local planning authority after consultation with the highway authority (if different), by order provide for the extinguishment of any right which persons may have to use vehicles on that highway.

(3) An order made under subsection (2) of this section may include such provision as the responsible Minister (after consultation with the highway authority) thinks fit for permitting the use on the highway of vehicles (whether mechanically propelled or not), in such cases as may be specified in the order, notwithstanding the extinguishment of any such right as is mentioned in that subsection; and any such provision may be framed by reference to particular descriptions of vehicles, or to particular persons by whom, or on whose authority, vehicles may be used, or to the circumstances in which, or the times at which, vehicles may be used for particular purposes.

(4) No statutory provision prohibiting or restricting the use of footpaths, footways or bridleways shall affect any use of a vehicle on a highway in relation to which an order made under subsection (2) above has effect, where the use is permitted in accordance with provisions of the order included by virtue of subsection (3) above.

(5) Any person who, at the time of an order under subsection

(2) of this section coming into force, has an interest in land having lawful access to a highway to which the order relates shall be entitled to be compensated by the local planning authority in respect of any depreciation in the value of his interest which is directly attributable to the order and of any other loss or damage which is so attributable.

In this subsection " lawful access " means access authorised by planning permission granted under the principal Act or the 1947 c. 41. Town and Country Planning Act 1947, or access in respect of which no such permission is necessary.

(6) A claim for compensation under subsection (5) above shall be made to the local planning authority within the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under the principal Act.

(7) Sections 153(2), (3) and (5), 154, 156, 157 and 158 of the principal Act (provisions ancillary to section 153(1), provisions as to compulsory acquisition of land in connection with highways, and provisions as to telegraphic lines) shall apply in relation to an order under this section, as they apply in relation to an

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2037

order under section 153(1) of that Act, with the substitution for Part VI references to the Minister of Transport and that section of references to the responsible Minister and this section.

(8) The responsible Minister may, on an application made by the local planning authority after consultation with the highway authority (if different) by order revoke an order made by him in relation to a highway under subsection (2) above; and the effect of the order shall be to reinstate any right to use vehicles on the highway, being a right which was extinguished by virtue of the order under the said subsection.

(9) Subsection (8) above shall not be taken as prejudicing any provision of the principal Act enabling orders to be varied or revoked.

(10) In this section—

(a) " the responsible Minister " means, except in relation to

Wales, the Minister of Transport and, in relation to Wales, the Secretary of State; and

(b) " statutory provision " means a provision contained in,

or having effect under, any enactment.

93.—(1) Where in relation to a highway an order has been Provision of made under subsection (2) of section 92 of this Act, a competent amenity for authority may carry out and maintain any such works on or ]^ in the highway, or place on or in it any such objects or struc-tures, as appear to them to be expedient for the purposes of giving effect to the order or of enhancing the amenity of the highway and its immediate surroundings or to be otherwise desirable for a purpose beneficial to the public.

(2) The powers exercisable by a competent authority under this section shall extend to laying out any part of the highway with lawns, trees, shrubs and flower-beds and to providing facilities for recreation or refreshment.

(3) A competent authority may so exercise their powers under this section as to restrict the access of the public to any part of the highway, but shall not so exercise them as—

(a) to prevent persons from entering the highway at any

place where they could enter it before the order under section 92 was made; or

(b) to prevent the passage of the public along the highway; or

(c) to prevent normal access by pedestrians to premises

adjoining the highway; or

(d) to prevent any use of vehicles which is permitted by an

order made under the said section 92 and applying to the highway; or

3 T 4

2038

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part VI

Powers for local

authorities analogous to s. 153 of principal Act.

(e) to prevent statutory undertakers from having access to any works of theirs under, in, on, over, along or across the highway.

(4) An order under subsection (8) of the said section 92 may make provision requiring the removal of any obstruction of the highway resulting from the exercise by a competent authority of their powers under this section.

(5) The competent authorities for the purposes of this section are—

(a) the councils of counties, county boroughs and county

districts; and

(b) in Greater London, the Greater London Council and the

councils of London boroughs;

but such an authority shall not exercise any powers conferred by this section unless they have obtained the consent of the local planning authority and the highway authority (in a case where they are themselves not that authority).

94.—(1) Subject to section 96 below, a competent authority may by order authorise the stopping-up or diversion of any footpath or bridleway if they are satisfied that it is necessary to do so in order to enable development to be carried out—

(a) in accordance with planning permission granted under

Part III of the principal Act or the enactments replaced by that Part of the Act; or

(b) by a government department.

(2) The competent authorities for the purposes of this section are—

(a) the local planning authority; and

(b) in relation to development for which planning permis-

sion was granted by another authority to whom had been delegated the power of granting it, that other authority.

(3) An order under this section may, if the competent authority are satisfied that it should do so, provide—

(a) for the creation of an alternative highway for use as a

replacement for the one authorised by the order to be stopped up or diverted, or for the improvement of an existing highway for such use;

(b) for authorising or requiring works to be carried out

in relation to any footpath or bridleway for whose stopping-up or diversion, creation or improvement, provision is made by the order;

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2039

(c) for the preservation of any rights of statutory under- Part VI takers in respect of apparatus of theirs which immediately before the date of the order is under, in, on, over, along or across any such footpath or bridleway;

(d) for requiring any person named in the order to pay, or make contributions in respect of, the cost of carrying out any such works.

(4) The powers of a competent authority under this section shall include power to make an order authorising the stopping-up or diversion of a footpath or bridleway which is temporarily stopped up or diverted under any other enactment.

(5) Section 32(1) and (2) of the Mineral Workings Act 1951 1951 c. 60. (power of Ministers to make temporary order for stopping-up or diversion of highway in connection with working of surface minerals) shall apply to an order made by a competent authority

under this section as it applies to an order made by a Minister under section 153 of the principal Act, with the substitution—

(a) for references to Ministers, of references to a competent

authority for the purposes of this section; and

(b) for the reference in subsection (2) to section 153(3) of the

principal Act, of a reference to subsection (3) of this section.

95. —(1) Subject to section 96 below, where any land has been Extinguish-acquired or appropriated for planning purposes and is for the of time being held by a local authority for the purposes for which footpad «te-iit was acquired or appropriated, the authority may by order for planning extinguish any public right of way over the land, being a foot- purposes, path or bridleway, if they are satisfied that an alternative right

of way has been or will be provided, or that the provision of an alternative right of way is not required.

(2) Any reference in subsection (1) above to the acquisition of land for planning purposes is a reference to the acquisition thereof under section 68 or 71 of the principal Act or section 28 of this Act; and any reference to the appropriation of land for planning purposes is a reference to the appropriation thereof for purposes for which land can, or could have been, acquired under those sections.

96. —(1) An order under section 94 or 95 of this Act shall Confirmation, not take effect unless confirmed by the Minister, or unless con- validity, etc. firmed, as an unopposed order, by the authority who made it. Under m! 94

(2) The Minister shall not confirm any such order unless and 95* satisfied as to every matter of which the authority making the order are required under section 94 or 95 (as the case may be) to be satisfied.

3 T*

2040

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act

Part VI

Miscellaneous amendments of Part IX of principal Act.

1933 c. 51.

Grants for research, etc.

Exchequer contributions in connection with town development.

1952 c. 54.

(3) The time specified—

(a) in an order under section 94 above as the time from

which a footpath or bridleway is to be stopped up or diverted; or

(b) in an order under section 95 above as the time from which a right of way is to be extinguished,

shall not be earlier than confirmation of the order.

(4) Schedule 7 to this Act shall have effect with respect to the confirmation of orders under section 94 or 95 of this Act and the publicity for such orders after they are confirmed.

97. —(1) It is hereby declared for the avoidance of doubt that the incidental and consequential provisions which may be included in an order under section 153 of the principal Act or section 91 or 92 above by virtue of section 153(3) of that Act shall include provisions providing for the preservation of any rights of statutory undertakers in respect of any apparatus of theirs which immediately before the date of the order is under, in, on, over, along or across the highway to which the order relates.

(2) In section 154(l)(h) and (3) of the principal Act (periods for inspecting and objecting to a draft order under section 153) for the words "three months* there shall be substituted the words " twenty-eight days *.

(3) Subsections (2) to (5) of section 290 of the Local Government Act 1933 (evidence and costs at local inquiries) shall apply in relation to an inquiry caused to be held by any Minister of the Crown under the said section 154(3) as they apply in relation to an inquiry caused to be held by a department under subsection (1) of the said section 290, with the substitution for the references to a department of references to that Minister.

Exchequer and Treasury matters

98. The Minister may, with the consent of the Treasury, make grants for assisting establishments engaged in promoting or assisting research relating to, and education with respect to, the planning and design of the physical environment.

99. In section 2(2) of the Town Development Act 1952 (Exchequer contributions towards specified expenses incurred by the council of a county district in connection with town development), after paragraph (c) there shall be inserted the following paragraph:—

" (cc) expenses of providing buildings and other works for social, cultural or recreational purposes ’*.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2041

100. An agreement made by the Crown Estate Commissioners Part VI under section 200 of the principal Act (whereby a government Agreements of department may agree with local planning authorities to secure Crown Estate the use of Crown land in conformity with the development plan) Commis-shall not require the approval of the Treasury; and accordingly sl0ners-

in subsection (2) of that section the words "the Crown Estate Commissioners or by" shall cease to have effect.

Punishment of offences

101. In the sections of the principal Act specified in Schedule Increase 8 to this Act the amendments shown in that Schedule shall be

made (being amendments to increase the penalties to which principal persons may be subject under those sections and in certain Act. cases to provide for punishment on indictment as well as summarily).

102.—(1) Where an offence under the principal Act or this Offences by Act which has been committed by a body corporate is proved corporations, to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, a director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he, as well as the body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence and be liable to be proceeded against accordingly.

(2) In subsection (1) above the expression "director", in relation to any body corporate established by or under an enactment for the purpose of carrying on under national ownership an industry or part of an industry or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed by the members thereof, means a member of that body corporate.

Part VII General

103. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Expenses Parliament—

(a) any sums required for the payment of grants under

section 98 above;

(b) any other expenses of a Minister under this Act; and

(c) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act

in the sums payable out of moneys so provided under any other enactment

3 T* 2

2042

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part VU Interpretation.

1946 c. 49. 1963 c. 33.

1962 c. 38.

Commence-

ment.

104. —(1) In this Act, except so far as the context otherwise requires,—

"the Act of 1946" means the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946;

" the Greater London development plan " means the development plan submitted to the Minister under section 25 of the London Government Act 1963 and approved by him under section 5 of the principal Act;

"the Minister" means, except as respects Wales, the Minister of Housing and Local Government and as respects Wales the Secretary of State;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the Minister of Housing and Local Government under this Act;

" the principal Act " means the Town and Country Planning Act 1962;

" Wales " includes Monmouthshire.

(2) References in this Act to a London borough and a London borough council include references respectively to the City of London and the Common Council of the City.

(3) This Act and the principal Act shall have effect as if this Act were part of that Act.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) above references to the principal Act in Schedule 14 to that Act shall not be construed as including references to this Act

(5) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment is a reference thereto as amended, and includes a reference thereto as extended or applied, by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

105. —(1) This Act shall oome into operation on a day appointed by an order made by statutory instrument by the Minister, and different days may be appointed under this section for different purposes and, in particular, different days may be so appointed for the coming into operation of the same provision in different areas.

(2) Any reference in this Act to the commencement of any provision thereof shall be construed as a reference to the day appointed for the coming into operation of that provision or, in the case of a provision which comes into operation on different days in different areas, shall, in relation to any area, be construed as a reference to the day appointed for the coming into operation of that provision in that area.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2043

(3) An order under this section may make such transitional Part VII provision as appears to the Minister to be necessary or expedient

in connection with the provisions thereby brought into force, including such adaptation of those provisions or any provision of this Act then in force as appear to him to be necessary or expedient in consequence of the partial operation of this Act (whether before or after the day appointed by the order).

(4) The Minister of Housing and Local Government shall, for England, and the Secretary of State shall, for Wales, each maintain and keep up to date a register showing the effect of orders made under this section in such a way as enables members of the public to inform themselves—

(a) as to the provisions of this Act which have come, or are

to be brought, into operation, and on which dates and in relation to which areas; and

(b) as to whether, in the case of a particular area, any

transitional provision has been made by such an order.

(5) The register maintained by the Minister of Housing and Local Government under this section shall be kept at his principal offices in London, and the register so maintained by the Secretary of State shall be kept at his principal offices in Cardiff; and both registers shall be available for inspection by the public at all reasonable hours.

106. Schedule 9 to this Act shall have effect for adapting and Adaptation, interpreting Acts other than this Act and for making amendments amendment and modifications to such Acts, being minor amendments and modification amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of this " enactments Act.

107. Schedule 10 to this Act shall have effect for the purpose Transitional of the transition to the provisions of this Act from the law in provisions force before the commencement of those provisions and with 811(1 savmgs* respect to the application of this Act to things done before

the commencement of those provisions.

108. The enactments specified in Schedule 11 to this Act are Repeals, hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of

that Schedule.

109. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Town and Country Short title,

Planning Act 1968. citati°n and

° extent.

(2) The Town and Country Planning Acts 1962 to 1966 and this Act may be cited as the Town and Country Planning Acts 1962 to 1968.

3 T* 3

2044

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Part VII

1957 c. 20.

1966 c. 34.

1967 c. 69.

(3) This Act—

(a) except so far as it amends the House of Commons

Disqualification Act 1957, section 24(9) of the Industrial Development Act 1966 and section 8(3) of the Civic Amenities Act 1967, shall not extend to Scotland; and

(b) except so far as it amends the said Act of 1957, shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2045

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 Section 14.

Special Provisions as to Development Plans in Grbater

London

Survey of planning areas

1. The matters to be examined and kept under review under section 1 of this Act by the Greater London Council shall be such of the matters mentioned in that section as they think fit, or, in the case of a fresh survey under section 1(2) of this Act instituted in pursuance of a direction of the Minister, such matters as may be specified in the direction.

2. The matters to be so examined or kept under review by a London borough council shall be such of the matters mentioned in the said section 1 as have not been examined or kept under review by the Greater London Council, such other matters as they may be required by the Greater London Council to examine or keep under review or, in the case of a fresh survey under the said section 1(2) instituted in pursuance of a direction of the Minister, such matters as may be specified in the direction.

3. Any survey by a London borough council under section 1 of this Act shall be carried out on such lines as the Greater London Council may direct.

Structure plans

4. The Greater London development plan shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as a structure plan for Greater London approved under section 4 of this Act and may be altered under section 5 of this Act accordingly; and the Minister may direct that any area or part of an area indicated by the plan (as originally approved under section 5 of the principal Act) as an area intended for comprehensive development, redevelopment or improvement as a whole shall be treated for those purposes as an action area.

5. The structure plan required by section 2 of this Act to be prepared for any area by a London borough council shall include a restatement of so much of the provisions of the Greater London development plan, with any alterations and additions consistent with the latter plan which appear to them to be necessary or expedient, as is applicable to that area.

6. A London borough council shall send any report and structure plan prepared by them under the said section 2 to the Greater London Council for submission to the Minister, and the Greater London Council shall send them on to the Minister within such period as he may allow, with any observations of theirs thereon.

7. The information on which a London borough council’s policy and general proposals formulated under section 2(3) of this Act are based shall include any information which the council obtain in pursuance of a direction of the Greater London Council.

3 T* 4

2046

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch. 1

1963 c. 33.

8. The inclusion in the Greater London development plan of an area wholly or partly within a London borough which is to be treated as an action area shall not preclude a London borough council from selecting any other part of the borough as an action area.

9. Before giving a direction to a London borough council under section 2(4) of this Act the Minister shall consult the Greater London Council and the London borough council with respect to the proposed direction.

Alterations to structure plans

10. A direction under section 5(1) of this Act to a London borough council may, instead of being given by the Minister, be given by the Greater London Council with the approval of the Minister.

11. Before giving such a direction the Minister or Greater London Council, as the case may be, shall consult the council to whom the direction is proposed to be given.

12. The report required by section 5 of this Act to be sent by a London borough council with the proposals submitted by them under that section shall include a report of any review by the Greater London Council of the relevant matters on which the proposals are based.

13. Paragraphs 5, 6 and 7 of this Schedule shall apply with any necessary modifications in relation to proposals for the amendment of any structure plan for the whole or part of a London borough as they apply in relation to the plan to be amended.

Local plans

14. Notwithstanding anything in section 24 of the London Government Act 1963 (local planning authorities for Greater London) the Greeter London Council shall not under section 6 of this Act prepare a local plan for any part of Greater London other than a plan for an action area, but the foregoing provision shall not be construed as precluding them from preparing a local plan for any area by virtue of section 12 of this Act.

15. The council of a London borough any part of which is indicated by the Greater London development plan as an action area or is to be treated as an action area shall, if it falls to them and not to the Greater London Council to prepare a local plan for that area, prepare such a plan as soon as practicable after the approval of the Greater London development plan, notwithstanding that the council of that borough have not prepared a structure plan for that area.

16. References in section 6(6) and (9) of this Act to a structure plan shall, in relation to a local plan prepared for an action area or for an area which is to be treated as an action area by a London borough council, be construed as including references to the Greater London development plan.

17. The duty of the Minister under section 6(10) of this Act to consult a local planning authority with respect to a direction which

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2047

he proposes to give them shall, where the authority is a London borough council, include a duty to consult the Greater London Council with respect to the direction.

18. On sending a copy of a local plan to the Minister under section 7(2) of this Act a London borough council shall also send a copy of the plan to the Greater London Council.

19. Section 10(3) of this Act shall, in its application to proposals made by a London borough council for the alteration of a local plan, have effect as if the reference to a provision of section 6 or 7 of this Act were a reference to that provision as modified by paragraphs 16 to 18 above.

SCHEDULE 2 Provisions as to Established use Certificates

Application for certificate and appeal against refusal thereof

1. An application for an established use certificate shall be made in such manner as may be prescribed by a development order, and shall include such particulars, and be verified by such evidence, as may be required by such an order or by any directions given thereunder, or by the local planning authority or, in the case of an application referred to the Minister, by him.

2. Provision may be made by a development order for regulating the manner in which applications for established use certificates are to be dealt with by local planning authorities, and, in particular,—

(a) for requiring the authority to give to any applicant for

such a certificate, within such time as may be prescribed by the order, such notice as may be so prescribed as to the manner in which his application has been dealt with;

(b) for requiring the authority to give to the Minister and to such other persons as may be prescribed by or under the order, such information as may be so prescribed with respect to applications for such certificates made to the authority, including information as to the manner in which any such application has been dealt with.

3. —(1) A development order may provide that an application for an established use certificate, or an appeal against the refusal of such an application, shall not be entertained unless it is accompanied by a certificate in such form as may be prescribed by the order and corresponding to one or other of those described in paragraphs (a) to (d) of section 16(1) of the principal Act (requirement of certificate that the applicant is the owner of the land or has given notice to the owners of his intended application, or has tried to do so); and any such order may—

(a) include requirements corresponding to section 16(2) and (3) (contents of certificate), section 16(4) (planning authority

Sch. 1

Section 17.

2048

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch. 2

Section 30.

not to determine application for a certain period) and section 17(3) (duty of planning authority and Minister on appeal to take into account representations by owners, tenants, etc.) of the principal Act; and

(b) make provision as to who, in the case of any land, is to be

treated as the owner for the purposes of any provision of the order made by virtue of this sub-paragraph.

(2) If any person issues a certificate which purports to comply with any provision of a development order made by virtue of sub-paragraph (1) above and which contains a statement which he knows to be false or misleading in a material particular, or recklessly issues a certificate which purports to comply with those requirements and which contains a statement which is false or misleading in a material particular, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

Provisions with respect to grant of certificate

4. An established use certificate shall be in such form as may be prescribed by a development order and shall specify—

(a) the land to which the certificate relates and any use thereof which is certified by the certificate as established;

(b) by reference to the paragraphs of section 17(1) of this Act, the grounds on which that use is so certified; and

(c) the date on which the application for the certificate was

made, which shall be the date at which the use is certified as established.

5. Where the Minister grants an established use certificate, he shall give notice to the local planning authority of that fact

6. In section 19(4) of the principal Act (register of decisions on planning applications) references to applications for planning permission shall include references to applications for established use certificates; and the information which may be prescribed as being required to be contained in a register kept under that subsection shall include information with respect to established use certificates granted by the Minister.

SCHEDULE 3

General Vesting Declarations for Land Compulsorily Acquired

Execution of general vesting declarations

1. Where a compulsory purchase order authorising an acquiring authority to acquire any land has come into operation, the authority may execute in respect of any of the land which they are authorised to acquire by the compulsory purchase order a declaration in the prescribed form (in this Schedule referred to as "a general vesting declaration ") vesting the land in themselves as from the end of such period as may be specified in the declaration (not being less than twenty-eight days) from the date on which the service of notices required by paragraph 4 below is completed.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2049

2. —(1) Before making a general vesting declaration with respect to any land which is subject to a compulsory purchase order, the acquiring authority shall include in the notice of the making or confirmation of the order which is required to be published or served by paragraph 6 of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1946 or any other provision or the relevant enactments corresponding to that paragraph, or in a notice given subsequently and before the service of the notice to treat in respect of that land,—

(a) such a statement of the effect of paragraphs 1 to 8 of this Schedule as may be prescribed; and

(b) a notification to the effect that every person who, if a general vesting declaration were made in respect of all the land comprised in the order in respect of which notice to treat has not been given, would be entitled to claim compensation in respect of any such land is invited to give information to the authority making the declaration in the prescribed form with respect to his name and address and the land in question.

(2) The requirements of the relevant enactments with respect to the publication and service of a notice of the making or confirmation of a compulsory purchase order shall apply to a notice under this paragraph given subsequently to the first-mentioned notice.

(3) A notice complying with sub-paragraph (1) above with respect to any land shall be registered in the register of local land charges by the proper officer of the local authority for the area in which that land, or any part of that land, is situated.

3. A general vesting declaration shall not be executed before the end of the period of two months beginning with the date of the first publication of the notice complying with paragraph 2(1) above, or such longer period, if any, as may be specified in the notice:

Provided that, with the consent in writing of every occupier of any of the land specified in the declaration, the acquiring authority may execute a general vesting declaration before the end of that period of two months, or of the longer period so specified, as the case may be.

4. As soon as may be after executing a general vesting declaration, the acquiring authority shall serve—

(a) on every occupier of any of the land specified in the

declaration (other than land in which there subsists a minor tenancy or a long tenancy which is about to expire); and

(b) on every other person who has given information to the

authority with respect to any of that land in pursuance of the invitation published and served under paragraph 2(1) above,

a notice in the prescribed form specifying the land and stating the effect of the declaration.

5. For the purposes of this Schedule, a certificate by the acquiring authority that the service of notices required by paragraph 4 above was completed on a date specified in the certificate shall be conclusive evidence of the fact so stated.

Sch. 3

2050

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch. 3

1961 c. 33. 1965 c. 56

1967 c. 1.

Effect of general vesting declaration

6. At the end of the period specified in a general vesting declaration. the provisions of the Land Compensation Act 1961 (as modified by Schedule 2 to the Act of 1946) and of the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 shall apply as if. on die date on which the declaration was made, a notice to treat had been served on every person on whom, under section 5 of the last-mentioned Act (on the assumption that they required to take the whole of the land specified in the declaration and had knowledge of all the parties referred to in that section) the acquiring authority could have served such a notice, other than—

(a) any person entitled to an interest in the land in respect of which such a notice had actually been served before the end of that period; and

(b) any person entitled to a minor tenancy or a long tenancy which is about to expire.

7. At the end of the period specified in a general vesting declaration, the land specified in the declaration, together with the right to enter upon and take possession of it, shall vest in the acquiring authority as if the circumstances in which under Part I of the Compulsory Purchase Act 1965 an authority authorised to purchase land compulsorily have any power to execute a deed poll (whether for vesting land or any interest in land in themselves or for extinguishing the whole or part of any rent-service, rentcharge, chief or other rent, or other payment or incumbrance) had arisen in respect of all the land and all interests therein, and the acquiring authority had duly exercised that power accordingly at the end of that period.

8. Where any land specified in a general vesting declaration is land in which there subsists a minor tenancy or a long tenancy which is about to expire—

(a) the right of entry conferred by paragraph 7 above shall not be exercisable in respect of that land unless, after serving a notice to treat in respect of that tenancy, the acquiring authority have served upon every occupier of any of the land in which the tenancy subsists a notice stating that, at the end of such period as is specified in the notice (not being less than fourteen days) from the date on which the notice is served, they intend to enter upon and take possession of such land as is specified in the notice, and that period has expired; and

(b) the vesting of the land in the acquiring authority shall be subject to the tenancy until that period expires, or the tenancy comes to an end, whichever first occurs.

9. —(1) Subject to the following sub-paragraph, the supplementary provisions contained in Schedule 3 to the Land Commission Act 1967 (being provisions as to exclusion of power of entry, objections to severance, compensation and other miscellaneous matters arising on the making of a general vesting declaration under Part II of that Act) shall have effect for the purposes of paragraphs 6 to 8 above as they have effect for the purposes of section 10 of that Act.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2051

(2) For the purpose of applying the said Schedule 3 to paragraphs 6 and 8 above, the following substitution of references shall be

made therein—

Original reference in Land Commission Act 1967, Schedule 3

The Land Commission

The Land Commission Act 1967 The Land Commission Act

Substituted references for purposes of this Schedule

An acquiring authority This Act

Paragraph 4 of this Schedule Paragraphs 6 to 8 of this Schedule Paragraph 7 of this Schedule.

1967-Section 9(3).. Section 10 ..

Section 10(2)

(3) In the said Schedule 3 as so applied, "land" shall have the same meaning as in this Schedule.

Recovery of compensation overpaid

10. The provisions of paragraphs 11 to 15 below shall have effect where, after the acquiring authority have made a general vesting declaration in respect of any land, a person claims compensation in respect of the acquisition by the authority of an interest in any land by virtue of the declaration, and the authority pay compensation in respect of that interest.

11. If, in a case falling within paragraph 10 above, it is subsequently shown—

(a) that the land, or the claimant's interest in it, was subject

to an incumbrance which was not disclosed in the particulars of his claim; and

(b) that by reason of that incumbrance the compensation paid exceeded the compensation to which the claimant was entitled in respect of that interest,

the acquiring authority may recover the amount of the excess from the claimant.

12. If, in a case falling within paragraph 10 above, it is subsequently shown that the claimant was not entitled to the interest in question, either in the whole or in part of the land to which the claim related, the acquiring authority may recover from him an amount equal to the compensation paid, or to so much of that compensation as, on a proper apportionment thereof, is attributable to that part of the land, as the case may be.

13. Any question arising under paragraph 11 or 12 above—

(a) as to the amount of the compensation to which the claimant was entitled in respect of an interest in land; or

(b) as to the apportionment of any compensation paid,

shall be referred to and determined by the Lands Tribunal; and in relation to the determination of any such question, the provisions of section 2 of the Land Compensation Act 1961 shall apply, subject to any necessary modifications.

Sea. 3 1967 c.!.

1961 c. 33.

2052

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sea. 3

Section 38.

14. Subject to paragraph 13 above, any amount recoverable by the acquiring authority under paragraph 11 or 12 above shall be recoverable as a simple contract debt in any court of competent jurisdiction.

15. Any sum recovered under paragraph 11 or 12 above in respect of land by an acquiring authority who are a local authority shall be applied towards die repayment of any debt incurred in acquiring or redeveloping that land or if no debt was so incurred shall be paid into the account into which sums incurred in the acquisition of that land were paid.

Supplemental

16. —(1) In this Schedule " minor tenancy " means a tenancy for a year or from year to year or any lesser interest, and * long tenancy which is about to expire *, in relation to a general vesting declaration. means a tenancy granted for an interest greater than a minor tenancy, but having at the date of the declaration a period still to run which is not more than the specified period (that is to say, such period, longer than one year, as may for the purposes of this paragraph be specified in the declaration in relation to the land in which the tenancy subsists).

(2) In determining for the purposes of this paragraph what period a tenancy still has to run at the date of a general vesting declaration it shall be assumed—

(a) that the tenant will exercise any option to renew the tenancy, and will not exercise any option to terminate the tenancy, then or thereafter available to him, and

(b) that the landlord will exercise any option to terminate the tenancy then or thereafter available to him.

17. In this Schedule—

"relevant enactments*, in relation to an acquiring authority, means the enactments under which that authority may acquire or be authorised to acquire land compulsorily and which prescribe a procedure for effecting the compulsory acquisition of land by them by means of a compulsory purchase order;

" land *, in relation to compulsory acquisition by an acquiring authority, has the same meaning as in the relevant enactments.

SCHEDULE 4

Consequential Amendments of Planning Blight Provisions of 1962 Act

Section 138 In subsection (1),—

(a) after the word "Act ", where occurring for the first time.

there shall be inserted the words " and of sections 33 to 37 of the Act of 1968 *;

(b) paragraphs (a) and (b) shall be omitted; and

Town and Country Planning Act

Ch. 72

2053

(c) in paragraph (c), for the words in parenthesis there shall be substituted the words 44 (otherwise than by being dealt with in a manner mentioned in section 33(lX<z) or (b) of the Act of 1968) ";

For subsection (5) there shall be substituted the following subsections:—

44 (5) In this section and in the said sections 139 to 151 4 these provisions * means the provisions of this section, those sections and sections 33 to 37 of the Act of 1968; and 4 the specified descriptions * means the descriptions contained in paragraphs (c) to (/) of subsection (1) of this section and paragraphs (a) to (d) of section 33(1) of that Act

(6) In these provisions 4 blight notice 4 means a notice served under the next following section or under section 34 of the Act of 1968

Section 139

In subsection (3)—

(a) in paragraph (a) the word 44 designated 44 shall be omitted,

in both places; and for the words 44 any of paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (1) of the last preceding section " there shall be substituted the words "paragraph (c) of section 138(1) above or paragraph ( )or (b) of section 33(1) of the Act of 1968 44; and

(b) in paragraphs (b), (c) and ( for the words44 that subsection44

there shall be substituted, in each place, the words 44 section 138(1) above44.

In subsection (4), for the words 44 a notice served under this section44 there shall be substituted the words 44a blight notice44.

Section 140

In subsection (1), for the words 44 Where a notice has been served under the last preceding section44 there shall be substituted the words44 Where a blight notice has been served ".

For subsection (3) there shall be substituted the following subsection—

44 (3) Any counter-notice served under this section in respect of a blight notice shall specify the grounds (being one or more of the grounds specified in subsection (2) above or, as relevant, section 34(8) or 35(1) of the Act of 1968) on which the appropriate authority object to the notice 4\

Section 141

In subsection (1), for the words "notice served under section one hundred and thirty-nine of this Act44 there shall be substituted the words " a blight notice 44.

Section 142

In subsection (1), for the words 44 Where a notice has been served under section one hundred and thirty-nine of this Act44 there shall be substituted the words 44 Where a blight notice has been served 44.

Sch. 4

2054

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch. 4 In subsection (2X6). for the words "the notice under section one hundred and thirty-nine of this Act " there shall be substituted the words " the blight notice

In subsection (3), for the words from the beginning to " that notice " there shall be substituted the words " Where the appropriate authority have served a counter-notice objecting to a blight notice

Section 144

In subsection (1) for the words "a notice has been served under section one hundred and thirty-nine of this Act" there shall be substituted the words "a blight notice has been served".

Section 145 Subsections (3) and (6) shall be omitted.

Section 146

In subsection (1), for the words "a notice under section one hundred and thirty-nine of this Act" there shall be substituted the words " a blight notice ".

Section 149

In subsections (lXtf). OXh), (3X<0 and (3Xb), for the words "the whole or part " (wherever occurring) there shall be substituted the words " the whole or a substantial part

In subsections (1 Xb). (2Xb) and (3Xb) for the words " six months before the date of service " there shall be substituted the words " twelve months before the date of service ".

Section 150 Subsection (5) shall be omitted.

Sections 41, 42, SCHEDULE 5

44 and 48.

Control of Works for Demolition, Alteration or Extension of Listed Buildings

Part I

Applications for Listed Building Consent

1. —(1) Provision may be made by regulations under this Act with respect to the form and manner in which applications for listed budding consent are to be made, the manner in which such applications are to be advertised and the time within which they are to be dealt with by local planning authorities or, as the case may be, by the Minister.

(2) Any listed building consent shall (except in so far as it otherwise provides) enure for the benefit of the building and of all persons for the time being interested therein.

2. —(1) Regulations under this Act may provide that an application for listed building consent, or an appeal against the refusal of such an application, shall not be entertained unless it

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2055

is accompanied by a certificate in the prescribed form and corresponding to one or other of those described in paragraphs (a) to (d) of section 16(1) of the principal Act (requirement of certificate that the applicant is the owner of the land or has given notice to the owners of his intended application or has tried to do so) and any such regulations may—

(a) include requirements corresponding to section 16(2) (contents

of certificate), section 16(4) (planning authority not to determine application for a certain period) and section 17(3) (duty of planning authority and Minister on appeal to take into account representations by owners, tenants, etc.) of the principal Act; and

(b) make provision as to who, in the case of any building,

is to be treated as the owner for the purposes of any provision of the regulations made by virtue of this sub-paragraph.

(2) If any person issues a certificate which purports to comply with the requirements of regulations made by virtue of this paragraph and which contains a statement which he knows to be false or misleading in a material particular, or recklessly issues a certificate which purports to comply with those requirements and which contains a statement which is false or misleading in a material particular, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

3. —(1) The Minister may give directions requiring applications for listed building consent to be referred to him instead of being dealt with by the local planning authority.

(2) A direction under this parajgraph may relate either to a particular application, or to applications in respect of such buildings as may be specified in the direction.

(3) An application in respect of which a direction under this paragraph has effect shall be referred to the Minister accordingly.

(4) Before determining an application referred to him under this paragraph, the Minister shall, if either the applicant or the authority so desire, afford to each of them an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Minister.

(5) The decision of the Minister on any application referred to him under this paragraph shall be final.

4. —(1) Subject to the following provisions, a local planning authority (other than a London borough council) to whom application is made for listed building consent shall not grant such consent, unless they have notified the Minister of the application (giving particulars of the works for which the consent is required) and either—

(a) a period of twenty-eight days has expired, beginning with

the date of the notification, without the Minister having directed the reference of the application to him; or

(b) the Minister has notified the authority that he does not intend to require the reference of the application.

Sch.

2056

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch. 5 (2) The Minister may at any time before the said period expires

give notice to the authority that he requires further time in which to consider whether to require the reference of the application to him and the foregoing sub-paragraph shall then have effect with the substitution for a period of twenty-eight days or such longer period as may be specified in the Minister's notice.

5. —(1) Subject to the following provisions, where application for listed building consent is made to a local planning authority, being a London borough council, and the authority do not determine to refuse it, they shall notify the Greater London Council of the application (giving particulars of the works for which the consent is required) and shall not grant such consent unless authorised or directed to do so under the following sub-paragraph.

(2) On receipt of notification under sub-paragraph (1) above the Greater London Council may either—

(a) authorise the local planning authority to grant or refuse the application, as they think fit; or

(b) give them directions as to how they are to determine it

(3) The Greater London Council shall not authorise the local planning authority as mentioned in sub-paragraph (2Xfl) above, nor under sub-paragraph (2X6) above direct them to grant listed building consent, unless the Council have notified the Minister of the application made to the local planning authority (giving particulars of the works for which the consent is required) and either—

(a) a period of twenty-eight days has expired, beginning with the date of the notification, without the Minister having directed the reference of the application to him; or

(b) the Minister has notified the Council that he does not intend to require the reference of the application.

(4) The Minister may at any time before the said period of twenty-eight days expires give notice to the Council that he requires further time in which to consider whether to require the reference of the application to him and the foregoing sub-paragraph shall then have effect with the substitution for the period of twenty-eight days of such longer period as may be specified in the Minister's notice.

6. —(l) The Minister may give directions that, in the case of such descriptions of applications for listed building consent as he may specify, other than such consent for the demolition of a building, paragraphs 4 and 5 above shall not apply; and accordingly, so long as the directions are in force local planning authorities may determine applications of such descriptions in any manner they think fit, without notifying the Minister or, as the case may be, the Greater London Council.

(2) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, the Minister may give directions to local planning authorities requiring diem, in such cases or classes of case as may be specified in the directions, to notify to him and to such other persons as may

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2057

be so specified any applications made to them for listed building consent, and the decisions taken by the authorities thereon.

7. —(1) Where an application is made to the local planning authority for listed building consent and the consent is refused by the authority or is granted by them subject to conditions, the applicant, if he is aggrieved by the decision, may by notice served in the prescribed manner within such period as may be prescribed, not less than twenty-eight days from the receipt by him of notification of the decision, appeal to the Minister.

(2) A person appealing under this paragraph may include in his notice thereunder, as the ground or one of the grounds of his appeal, a claim that the building is not of special architectural or historic interest and ought to be removed from any list compiled or approved by the Minister under section 32 of the principal Act, or—

(a) in the case of a building to which section 40(10) of this Act applies, that the Minister should give a direction under that subsection with respect to the building; or

(h) in the case of a building subject to a building preservation notice under section 48 of this Act, that the building should not be included in a list compiled or approved under the said section 32.

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, the Minister may allow or dismiss an appeal thereunder, or may reverse or vary any part of the decision of the authority, whether the appeal relates to that part thereof or not, and—

(a) may deal with the application as if it had been made to him

in the first instance; and

(b) may, if he thinks fit, exercise his power under section 32 of the principal Act to amend any list compiled or approved thereunder by removing from it the building to which the appeal relates or his power under section 40(10) of this Act to direct that that subsection shall no longer apply to the building.

(4) Before determining an appeal under this paragraph, the Minister shall, if either the applicant or the local planning authority so desire, afford to each of them an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose.

(5) The decision of the Minister on any appeal under this paragraph shall be final.

8. Where an application is made to the local planning authority for listed building consent, then unless within the prescribed period from the date of the receipt of the application, or within such extended period as may at any time be agreed upon in writing between the applicant and the authority, the authority either—

(a) give notice to the applicant of their decision on the application; or

Sch. 5

2058

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch. 5 (b) give notice to him that the application has been referred to

the Minister in accordance with directions given under paragraph 3 of this Schedule,

the provisions of paragraph 7 of this Schedule shall apply in relation to the application as if listed building consent had been refused by the authority and as if notification of their decision had been received by the applicant at the end of the prescribed period or at the end of the said extended period, as the case may be.

Part n

Revocation of Listed Building Consent

9. —(1) If it appears to the local planning authority, having regard to the development plan and to any other material considerations, that it is expedient to revoke or modify listed building consent in respect of any works to a building, being consent granted on an application made under Part I of this Schedule, the authority, subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, may by order revoke or modify the consent to such extent as (having regard to these matters) they consider expedient

(2) An order under this paragraph shall not take effect unless it is confirmed by the Minister; and the Minister may confirm any such order submitted to him either without modification or subject to such modifications as he considers expedient

(3) Where a local planning authority submit an order to the Minister for confirmation under this paragraph, the authority shall serve notice on the owner and on the occupier of the building affected and on any other person who in their opinion will be affected by the order; and if within such period as may be specified in that notice (not being less than twenty-eight days after the service thereof) any person on whom the notice is served so requires, the Minister, before confirming the order, shall afford to that person and to the local planning authority an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose.

(4) The power conferred by this paragraph to revoke or modify listed building consent in respect of any works may be exercised at any time before those works have been completed, but the revocation or modification shall not affect so much of those works as has been previously carried out.

10. —(1) If it appears to the Minister, after consultation with the local planning authority, to be expedient that an order under paragraph 9 above should be made, he may give directions to the authority requiring them to submit to him such an order for his confirmation, or may himself make such an order; and any order so made by the Minister shall have the like effect as if it had been made by the authority and confirmed by the Minister under that paragraph.

(2) The provisions of paragraph 9 above shall have effect, subject to any necessary modifications, in relation to any proposal by the

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2059

Minister to make such an order by virtue of this paragraph, in relation to the making thereof by the Minister, and in relation to the service of copies thereof as so made.

11. —(1) Where listed building consent is revoked or modified by an order under this Part of this Schedule, then if on a claim made to the local planning authority in the time and in the manner prescribed by regulations under this Act, it is shown that a person interested in the building—

(a) has incurred expenditure in carrying out works which are rendered abortive by the revocation or modification, or

(b) has otherwise sustained loss or damage which is directly attributable to the revocation or modification, the authority shall pay to that person compensation in respect of that expenditure, loss or damage.

(2) For the purposes of this paragraph, any expenditure incurred in the preparation of plans for the purposes of any works, or upon other similar matters preparatory thereto, shall be taken to be included in the expenditure incurred in carrying out those works.

(3) Subject to sub-paragraph (2) above, no compensation shall be paid under this paragraph in respect of any works carried out before the grant of the listed building consent which is revoked or modified, or in respect of any other loss or damage (not being loss or damage consisting of depreciation of the value of an interest in land) arising out of anything done or omitted to be done before the grant of that consent.

12. —(1) The following provisions shall have effect where the local planning authority have made an order under paragraph 9 of this Schedule but have not submitted the order to the Minister for confirmation by him, and—

(a) the owner and occupier of the land and all persons who in

the authority's opinion will be affected by the order have notified the authority in writing that they do not object to the order; and

(b) it appears to the authority that no claim for compensation is likely to arise under paragraph 11 above.

(2) The authority shall advertise in the prescribed manner the fact that the order has been made, and the advertisement shall specify—

(a) the period (not less than twenty-eight days from the date on

which the advertisement first appears) within which persons affected by the order may give notice to the Minister that they wish for an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose; and

(b) the period (not less than fourteen days from the expiration of the period referred to in paragraph (a) above) at the expiration of which, if no such notice is given to the Minister, the order may take effect by virtue of this paragraph and without being confirmed by the Minister.

Sea. 5

2060

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch. 5 (3) The authority shall also serve notice to the same effect on the

persons mentioned in sub-paragraph (lX<z) above, and the notice shall include a statement of the effect of sub-paragraph (7) below.

(4) The authority shall send a copy of any advertisement published under sub-paragraph (2) above to the Minister, not more than three days after the publication.

(5) If within the period referred to in sub-paragraph (2Xa) above no person claiming to be affected by the order has given notice to the Minister as aforesaid and the Minister has not directed that the order be submitted to him for confirmation, the order shall at the expiration of the period referred to in sub-paragraph (2X6) above take effect by virtue of this paragraph and without being confirmed by the Minister as required by paragraph 9 of this Schedule.

(6) This paragraph does not apply to an order revoking or modifying a listed building consent granted by the Minister under Part V of this Act or under this Schedule.

(7) No compensation shall be payable under paragraph 11 of this Schedule in respect of an order under paragraph 9 thereof which takes effect by virtue of this paragraph and without being confirmed by the Minister.

Part m

Proceedings on Listed Building Purchasb Notice

13.—(1) The council on whom a listed building purchase notice is served, shall, before the end of the period of three months beginning with the date of service of that notice, serve on the owner by whom the purchase notice was served a notice stating either—

(a) that the council are willing to comply with the purchase notice; or

(6) that another local authority or statutory undertakers specified in the notice under this sub-paragraph have agreed to comply with it in their place; or

(c) that for reasons specified in the notice under this sub-paragraph, the council are not willing to comply with the purchase notice and have not found any other local authority or statutory undertakers who will agree to comply with n in their place and that they have transmitted a copy of the purchase notice to the Minister, on a date specified in the notice under this sub-paragraph, together with a statement of the reasons so specified.

(2) Where the council on whom a listed building purchase notice is served by an owner have served on him a notice in accordance with sub-paragraph (1 )(a)or (6) above the council, or the other local authority or statutory undertakers specified in the notice, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be authorised to acquire the interest of the owner compulsorily in accordance with the provisions of section 50 of this Act, and to have served a notice to treat in respect thereof on the date of service of the notice under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2061

(3) Where the council on whom a listed building purchase notice is Sch. 5 served by an owner propose to serve on him a notice in accordance with sub-paragraph (l)(c) above, they shall transmit a copy of the purchase notice to the Minister together with a statement of their reasons; and section 131 of the principal Act (procedure on reference of purchase notice to die Minister) shall then apply in relation to the purchase notice as it applies in relation to a purchase notice under section 129 of that Act (refusal or conditional grant of planning permission), with the substitution for references therein to the Minister taking action under section 132 of that Act of references to his taking action under paragraph 14 of this Schedule.

14.—-(1) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, if the Minister is satisfied that the conditions specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of section 42(1) of this Act are fulfilled in relation to a listed building purchase notice, he shall confirm the notice:

Provided that, if he is satisfied that the said conditions are fulfilled only in respect of part of the land, he shall confirm the notice only in respect of that part and the notice shall have effect accordingly.

(2) The Minister shall not confirm the purchase notice unless he is satisfied that the land comprises such land contiguous or adjacent to the building as is in his opinion required for preserving the building or its amenities, or for affording access to it, or for its proper control or management

(3) If it appears to the Minister to be expedient to do so in the case of a listed building purchase notice served on account of listed building consent being refused or granted subject to conditions, he may, in lieu of confirming the purchase notice, grant listed building consent for the works in respect of which the application was made or, where such consent for those works was granted subject to conditions, revoke or amend those conditions so far as it appears to him to be required in order to enable the land to be rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use by the carrying out of those works.

(4) If it appears to the Minister to be expedient to do so, in the case of a listed building purchase notice served on account of listed building consent being revoked or modified by an order under Part n of this Schedule, he may, in lieu of confirming the notice, cancel the order revoking the consent or, where the order modified the consent by the imposition of conditions, revoke or amend those conditions so far as appears to him to be required in order to enable the land to be rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use by the carrying out of the works in respect of which the consent was granted.

(5) If it appears to the Minister that the land, or any part of it, could be rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use within a reasonable time by the carrying out of any other works for which listed building consent ought to be granted, he may in lieu of confirming the listed building purchase notice or in lieu of confirming it so far as it relates to that part of the land, as the case may be, direct that listed building consent for those works shall be granted in die event of an application being made in that behalf.

2062

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch. 5

(6) If it appears to the Minister that the land, or any part of the land, could be rendered capable of reasonably beneficial use within a reasonable time by the carrying out of any development for which planning permission ought to be granted, he may, in lieu of confirming the listed building purchase notice, or in lieu of confirming it so far as it relates to that part of the land, as the case may be, direct that planning permission for that development shall be granted in the event of an application being made in that behalf.

(7) If it appears to the Minister, having regard to the probable ultimate use of the building or the site thereof, that it is expedient to do so, he may, if he confirms the notice, modify it either in relation to the whole or in relation to any part of the land, by substituting another local authority or statutory undertakers for the council on whom the notice was served.

(8) In section 131 of the principal Act as applied by paragraph 13(3) above, any reference to the taking of action by the Minister under this paragraph is a reference to the taking by him of any such action as is mentioned in sub-paragraphs (1) or (3) to

(7) of this paragraph, or to the taking by him of a decision not to confirm the purchase notice on the grounds that any of the conditions specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of section 42(1) of this Act are not fulfilled.

15.—(1) Where the Minister confirms a listed building purchase notice, the council on whom the notice was served (or, if under paragraph 14(7) above the Minister modified the notice by substituting another local authority or statutory undertakers for that council, that other authority or those undertakers) shall be deemed to be authorised to acquire the relevant interest compulsorily in accordance with the provisions of section 50 of this Act and to have served a notice to treat in respect thereof on such date as the Minister may direct.

(2) If, before the end of the relevant period, the Minister has neither confirmed the purchase notice nor taken any such action in respect thereof as is mentioned in sub-paragraphs (3) to (6) of paragraph 14 above, and has not notified the owner by whom the notice was served that he does not propose to confirm the notice, the notice shall be deemed to be confirmed at the end of that period and the council on whom the notice was served shall be deemed to have been authorised to acquire the relevant interest compulsorily in accordance with the provisions of section 50 of this Act and to have served a notice to treat in respect thereof at the end of that period.

(3) In this paragraph—

(a) " the relevant interest " means the owner’s interest in the land or, if the purchase notice is confirmed by the Minister in respect of only part of the land, the owner’s interest in that part;

(b) " the relevant period ’* is whichever of the following periods first expires, that is to say—

(i) the period of nine months beginning with the date of the service of the purchase notice; and

(ii) the period of six months beginning with the date on which a copy of the purchase notice was transmitted to the Minister.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2063

(4) Where the Minister has notified the owner by whom a listed building purchase notice has been served of a decision on his part to confirm, or not to confirm, the notice (including any decision to confirm the notice only in respect of part of the land, or to give any direction as to the granting of listed building consent), and that decision of the Minister is quashed under the provisions of Part XI of the principal Act, the purchase notice shall be treated as cancelled, but the owner may serve a further listed building purchase notice in its place.

(5) For the purpose of any regulations made under this Act as to die time within which a listed building purchase notice may be served, the service of a purchase notice under sub-paragraph (4) above shall not be treated as out of time if the notice is served within the period which would be applicable in accordance with those regulations if the decision to refuse listed building consent or to grant it subject to conditions (being the decision in consequence of which the listed building purchase notice is served) had been made on the date on which the decision of the Minister was quashed as mentioned in sub-paragraph (4) above.

16. Where in consequence of listed building consent being revoked or modified by an order under Part II of this Schedule, compensation is payable in respect of expenditure incurred in carrying out any works to the building in respect of which the consent was granted, then if a luted building purchase notice is served in respect of an interest in the land, any compensation payable in respect of the acquisition of that interest in pursuance of the purchase notice shall be reduced by an amount equal to the value of the works in respect of which compensation is payable by virtue of that paragraph.

Part IV

Provisions about Listed Building Enforcement Notices

17. —(1) A listed building enforcement notice shall be served on the owner and occupier of the building to which it relates, and on any other person having an interest in the building, being an interest which in die opinion of the authority is materially affected by the notice.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, a listed building enforcement notice shall take effect at the end of such period, not less than twenty-eight days after the service of the notice, as may be specified therein.

(3) The local planning authority may withdraw a listed building enforcement notice (without prejudice to their power to serve another) at any time before it takes effect; and if they do so, they shall forthwith give notice of the withdrawal to every person who was served with the notice.

18. —(1) A person on whom a listed building enforcement notice is served, or any other person having an interest in the building to which it relates, may, at any time within the period specified in the

3 U

Sch. 5

2064

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch. 5 notice as the period at the end of which it is to take effect, appeal to the Minister against the notice on any of the following grounds:—

(a) that the building is not of special architectural or historic

interest;

(b) that the matters alleged to constitute a contravention of section 40 of this Act do not involve such a contravention;

(c) that the works were urgently necessary in the interests of

safety or health, or for the preservation of the building;

(d) that listed building consent ought to be granted for the works, or that any relevant condition of such consent which has been granted ought to be discharged, or different conditions substituted;

(e) that the notice was not served as required by paragraph 17 of this Schedule;

(/) that the requirements of the notice exceed what is necessary for restoring the building to its condition before the works were carried out;

(g) that the period specified in the notice as the period within which any steps required thereby are to be taken falls short of what should reasonably be allowed;

(h) that the steps required by the notice to be taken would not serve the purpose of restoring the character of the building in its former state.

(2) An appeal under this paragraph shall be made by notice in writing to the Minister, which shall indicate the grounds of appeal and state the facts on which it is based; and on any such appeal the Minister shall, if either the appellant or the local planning authority so desire, afford to each of them an opportunity of appearing before, and being heard by, a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose.

(3) Where an appeal is brought under this paragraph, the notice shall be of no effect pending the final determination or withdrawal of the appeal.

(4) Where an appeal is brought under this paragraph,—

(a) the Minister may correct any informality, defect or error in

the notice if he is satisfied that the informality, defect or error is not material;

(b) in a case where it would otherwise be a ground for determining the appeal in favour of the appellant that a person required by paragraph 17 of this Schedule to be served with the notice was not served, the Minister may disregard that fact if he is satisfied that the person has not been substantially prejudiced by the failure to serve him.

(5) On the determination of an appeal under this paragraph, the Minister shall give directions for giving effect to his determination, including, where appropriate, directions for quashing the listed building enforcement notice or for varying the terms of the notice in favour of the appellant, and the Minister may—

(a) grant listed building consent for the works to which the notice relates or, as the case may be, discharge any condition subject to which such consent was granted and substitute any other condition, whether more or less onerous;

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2065

(b) in so far as any works already executed constitute develop- Sch. 5 ment for which planning permission is required, grant such permission in respect of the works;

(c) if he thinks fit, exercise his power under section 32 of the

principal Act to amend any list compiled or approved thereunder by removing from it the building to which the appeal relates or his power under section 40(10) of this Act to direct that that subsection shall no longer apply to the building.

(6) Any planning permission granted by the Minister under sub-paragraph (5) above shall be treated as granted on an application for the like permission under Part HI of the principal Act, and any listed building consent granted by him thereunder shall be treated as granted on an application for the like consent under Part I of this Schedule; and—

(a) in relation to the grant thereunder either of planning permission or of listed building consent, the Minister's decision shall be final;

(b) for the purposes of section 19(4) of the principal Act (local planning authority's register of planning applications) a decision of the Minister to grant planning permission shall be treated as having been given by him in dealing with an application for planning permission made to the local planning authority.

Part V

Provisions Applicable on Lapse of Building Preservation

Notice

19. The provisions of this Part of this Schedule apply where a building preservation notice ceases to be in force by virtue of section 48(3) of this Act, otherwise than by reason of the building to which it relates being included in a list compiled or approved under section 32 of the principal Act.

20. The fact that the building preservation notice has ceased to be in force shall not affect the liability of any person to be prosecuted and punished for an offence under section 40 or 45 of this Act committed by him with respect to the said building while the notice was in force.

21. Any proceedings on or arising out of an application for listed building consent made while the building preservation notice was in force shall lapse and any listed building consent granted with respect to the building, while the notice was in force, shall also lapse.

22. Any listed building enforcement notice served by the local planning authority while the building preservation notice was in force shall cease to have effect and any proceedings thereon under Part IV of this Schedule shall lapse, but section 46(1) and (2) of this Act shall continue to have effect as respects any expenses incurred by the local authority, owner or occupier as therein mentioned and with respect to any sums paid on account of such expenses.

3 U 2

2066

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Section <S2.

SCHEDULE 6 Construction of References in Sections 62 and 63 to

" THE RESPONSIBLE MINISTER OR MINISTERS "

1. In relation to matters specified in the first column of the Table below (being in each case a matter mentioned in paragraph (a), (b),

(c) or (d) of section 62(1) above as one which may be referred to a Planning Inquiry Commission under that section) " the responsible Minister or Ministers " for the purposes of sections 62 and 63 of this Act—

(a) in the case of a matter affecting England only, are those specified opposite in the second column of the Table;

(b) in the case of a matter affecting Wales only, are those specified opposite in the third column of the Table; and

(c) in the case of a matter affecting both England and Wales,

are those specified opposite in the fourth column of the Table.

2. Where an entry in the second, third or fourth columns of the Table specifies two or more Ministers, that entry shall be construed as referring to those Ministers acting jointly.

Referred

matter

1. Application for planning permission or appeal under section 23 of the principal Act—

(a) relating to operational land of statutory undertakers, or to land in the case of which the circumstances mentioned in section 70(2) of this Act are present,

(b) relating to other land.

2. Proposal that a government department should give a direction under section 41 of the principal Act or that development should be carried out by or on behalf of a government department

TABLE

Affecting England only Affecting Wales only Affecting both England and Wales

The Minister of Housing and Local Government and the appropriate Minister (if different). The Secretary of State and the appropriate Minister (if different). The Secretary of State, the Minister of Housing and Local Government and the appropriate Minister (if different).

The Minister of Housing and Local Government. The Secretary of State. The Secretary of State and the Minister of Housing and Local Government.

The Minister of Housing and Local Government and the Minister (if different) in charge of the government department concerned. The Secretary of State and the Minister (if different) in charge of the government department concerned. The Secretary of State, the Minister of Housing and Local Government and the Minister (if different) in charge of the government department concerned.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2067

SCHEDULE 7 Section 96.

Procedure in connection with Orders relating to Footpaths and Bridleways

Part I Confirmation of Orders

1.—(1) Before an order under section 94 or 95 of this Act is submitted to the Minister for confirmation or confirmed as an unopposed order, the authority by whom the order was made shall give notice in the prescribed form—

(a) stating the general effect of the order and that it has been

made and is about to be submitted for confirmation or to be confirmed as an unopposed order;

(b) naming a place in the area in which the land to which the order relates is situated where a copy of the order may be inspected free of charge at all reasonable hours; and

(c) specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days

from the date of the first publication of the notice) within which, and the manner in which, representations or objections with respect to the order may be made.

(2) Subject to sub-paragraph (4) below, the notice to be given under sub-paragraph (1) above shall be given—

(a) by publication in the London Gazette and in at least one local newspaper circulating in the area in which the land to which the order relates is situated; and

(b) by serving a like notice on—

(i) every owner, occupier and lessee (except tenants for a month or a period less than a month and statutory tenants within the meaning of the Rent Act 1968) of any 1968 c. 23. of that land,

(ii) every council, the council of every rural parish and the parish meeting of evepr rural parish not having a separate parish council, being a council or parish whose area includes any of that land; and

(iii) any statutory undertakers to whom there belongs, or by whom there is used, for the purposes of their undertaking. any apparatus under, in, on, over, along or across that land; and

(c) by causing a copy of the notice to be displayed in a pro-

minent position at the ends of so much of any footpath or bridleway as is to be stopped up, diverted or extinguished by virtue of the order.

(3) In the foregoing sub-paragraph " council " means a county council, a county borough council, a county district council, the Greater London Council or a London borough council.

3 U 3

2068

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch. 7 (4) Except in the case of an owner, occupier or lessee being

a local authority or statutory undertakers, the Minister may in any particular case direct that it shall not be necessary to comply with sub-paragraph (2)(f>Xi) above; but if he so directs in the case of any land, then in addition to publication the notice shall be addressed to " the owners and any occupiers " of the land (describing it) and a copy or copies of the notice shall be affixed to some conspicuous object or objects on the land.

(5) Where under this paragraph a notice is required to be served on an owner of land and the land belongs to an ecclesiastical benefice, a like notice shall be served on the Church Commissioners.

2. If no representations or objections are duly made, or if any so made are withdrawn, the authority by whom the order was made may, instead of submitting the order to the Minister, themselves confirm the order (but without any modification).

3. —<1) If any representation duly made is not withdrawn, the Minister shall, before confirming the order, if the objection is made by a local authority cause a local inquiry to be held, and in any other case either—

(a) cause a local inquiry to be held; or

(b) afford to any person by whom any representation or objection has been duly made and not withdrawn an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose,

and, after considering the report of the person appointed to hold the inquiry or to hear representations or objections, may confirm the order, with or without modifications :

Provided that in the case of an order under section 94 of this Act, if objection is made by statutory undertakers on the ground that the order provides for the creation of a public right of way over land covered by works used for the purpose of their undertaking, or over the curtilage of such land, and the objection is not withdrawn, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Minister shall not confirm an order so as to affect land not affected by the order as submitted to him, except after-

fa) giving such notice as appears to him requisite of his proposal so to modify the order, specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days from the date of the first publication of the notice) within which, and the manner in which, representations or objections with respect to the proposal may be made;

(b) holding a local inquiry or affording to any person by whom any representation or objection has been duly made and not withdrawn an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose; and

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2069

(c) considering the report of the person appointed to hold the Sch. 7 inquiry or to hear representations or objections as the case may be;

and, in the case of an order under section 94 of this Act, if objection is made by statutory undertakers on the ground that the order as modified would provide for the creation of a public right of way over land covered by works used for the purposes of their undertaking, or over the curtilage of such land, and the objection is not withdrawn, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

4. —(1) The Minister shall not confirm an order under section 94 of this Act which extinguishes a right of way over land under, in, on, over, along or across which there is any apparatus belonging to or used by statutory undertakers for the purpose of their undertaking, unless the undertakers have consented to the confirmation of the order; and any such consent may be given subject to the condition that there are included in the order such provisions for the protection of the undertakers as they may reasonably require.

(2) The consent of statutory undertakers to any such order shall not be unreasonably withheld; and any question arising under this paragraph whether the withholding of consent is unreasonable, or whether any requirement is reasonable, shall be determined by whichever Minister is the appropriate Minister in relation to the statutory undertakers concerned.

5. Regulations under this Act may, subject to this Part of this Schedule, make such provision as the Minister thinks expedient as to the procedure on the making, submission and confirmation of orders under sections 94 and 95 of this Act.

Part n

Publicity for Orders after Confirmation

6. As soon as may be after an order under section 94 or 95 of this Act has been confirmed by the Minister or confirmed as an unopposed order, the authority by whom the order was made shall publish, in the manner required by paragraph 1(2) of this Schedule, a notice in the prescribed form, describing the general effect of the order, stating that it has been confirmed, and naming a place where a copy thereof as confirmed may be inspected free of charge at all reasonable hours, and shall—

(a) serve a like notice and a copy of the order as confirmed

on any persons on whom notices were required to be served under the said paragraph 1(2) or under paragraph 1(4); and

(b) cause a like notice to be displayed in the like manner as

the notice required to be displayed under the said paragraph 1(2):

Provided that no such notice or copy need be served on a person unless he has sent to the authority a request in that behalf, specifying an address for service.

3U4

2070

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Section 101.

SCHEDULE 8 Increase of Penalties under Principal Act

Section 16 (Notification of application for planning permission to owners of the land and others)

In subsection (5) (penalty for issuing false certificate under section 16(1) or issuing certificate containing statements known to be false or misleading), for the words " a fine not exceeding fifty pounds " there shall be substituted the words M a fine not exceeding £100

Section 47 (Penalties for non-compliance with enforcement notice)

In subsection (1) (land owner liable to a fine if enforcement notice not complied with) for the words " on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds " there shall be substituted the words " on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400 or on conviction on indictment to a fine

In subsection (4) (further penalty, after conviction under section 47(1), for failure to take the steps required by the notice) for the words "on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds " there shall be substituted the words " on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50 " and at the end of the subsection there shall be added the words " or on conviction on indictment to a fine ",

In subsection (5) (penalty for use of land in contravention of enforcement notice) for the words from "shall be liable" to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400, or on conviction on indictment to a fine; and if the use is continued after the conviction he shall be guilty of a further offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50 for every day on which the use is so continued, or on conviction on indictment to a fine".

Section 51 (Effect of enforcement notice on subsequent development)

In subsection (5) (reinstatement of building demolished or altered in compliance with enforcement notice), for the words " on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds " there shall be substituted the words "on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400

Section 56 (Non-compliance with notice requiring proper maintenance of unoccupied or waste land)

In subsection (2) (continuance or aggravation of the injury after expiration of notice under section 36) for the words " on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds " there shall be substituted the words " on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50

Section 61 (Enforcement of orders requiring discontinuance of use or alteration or removal of buildings or works)

In subsection (1) (penalty for non-compliance with notice under section 28) for the words "on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds" there shall be substituted "on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400 or on conviction

Town and Country Planning

Ch. 72

2071

on indictment to a fine "; and for the words " on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds for every day on which the use is so continued " there shall be substituted the words M on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50 for every day on which the use is so continued or on conviction on indictment to a fine".

Section 63 {Enforcement of control of advertisements)

In subsection (2) (penalty for displaying advertisement in contravention of regulations) for the words from " on summary conviction " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words 44 on summary conviction to a fine of such amount as may be prescribed by the regulations not exceeding £100 and, in the case of a continuing offence, £5 for each day during which the offence continues after conviction

Section 212 (Supplementary provisions as to rights of entry)

In subsection (3) (penalty for disclosure of trade secrets obtained on entry to a factory or other place of work) for the words 44 on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months " there shall be substituted the words 44 on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400 or on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or a fine, or both

Section 215 (Power to require information as to interests in land)

For subsection (2) (penalties for non-compliance or dishonest compliance with request for information) there shall be substituted the following subsections: —

44 (2) Any person who, having been required in pursuance of this section to give any information, fails to give that information shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100.

(3) Any person, who having been so required to give any information knowingly makes any misstatement in respect thereof shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400 or on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to a fine, or both ".

SCHEDULE 9 Adaptation and Interpretation of Enactments, btc.

Part I

General Provisions for Adaptation and Interpretation

1. For the purposes of the principal Act, this Act, any other enactment relating to town and country planning, the Land Compensation Act 1961 and Pant II of the Land Commission Act 1967, the development plan for any district outside Greater London (whether the whole or part of the area of a local planning authority) shall be taken as consisting of—

(a) the provisions of the structure plan for the time being in force for that area or the relevant part of that area, together with the Minister’s notice of approval of the plan;

3 U*

Sch. 8

Section 106.

1961 c. 33. 1967 c. 1.

2072

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch. 9

(b) any alterations to that plan, together with the Minister’s notices of approval thereof;

(c) any provisions of a local plan for the time being applicable

to the district, together with a copy of the authority’s resolution of adoption or, as the case may be, the Minister’s notice of approval of the local plan; and

(d) any alterations to that local plan, together with a copy of the authority's resolutions of adoption or, as the case may be, the Minister’s notices of approval thereof.

2. For the said purposes the development plan for any district in Greater London (whether the whole or part of the area of a London borough) shall be taken as consisting of—

(a) the provisions of the Greater London development plan and of the structure plan prepared by the council of that borough and for the time being in force in that area or the relevant part of that area together with the Minister's notices of approval of the plans;

(b) any alterations to those plans, together with the Minister’s notices of approval thereof;

(c) any provisions of a local plan for the time being applicable

to die district, together with a copy of the resolution of adoption of the relevant council or. as the case may be, the Minister’s notice of approval of the local plan; and

(d) any alterations to that local plan, together with a copy of the resolutions of adoption of the relevant council or, as the case may be, the Minister's notices of approval thereof.

3. References in paragraphs 1 and 2 above to the provisions of any plan, notices of approval, alterations and resolutions of adoption shall, in relation to a district forming part of the area to which they are applicable, be respectively construed as references to so much of those provisions, notices, alterations and resolutions as is applicable to the district.

4. References in paragraphs 1 to 3 above to notices of approval shall in relation to any plan or alteration made by the Minister under section 12 of this Act be construed as references to notices of the making of the plan or alteration.

5. Any reference in the principal Act to the carrying out of a survey or the preparation, approval, making or amendment of a development plan under Part II of that Act or to a plan or amendment approved or made under the said Part II shall be construed as a reference to the carrying out of a survey or the preparation, approval, adoption, making or amendment of a structure plan or local plan under Part I of this Act or, as the case may be, to a plan or amendment approved, adopted or made thereunder.

6. References in any Act to the acquisition of land under Part V of the principal Act or to land acquired thereunder (including references which, by Schedule 14 to that Act, are to be construed as such) shall be respectively construed as, or as including (according as the

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2073

context requires), references to the acquisition of land under any Sch. 9 provision of this Act and to land acquired under any such provision, and—

(a) any such references in sections 82, 83 and 164 to 169 of that Act (ancillary provisions as to the acquisition of land) shall be respectively construed as also including references to the compulsory acquisition of land under any enactment other than the principal Act and this Act and to land compulsorily acquired undo* any such enactment, and

(b) in section 130(2) (effect of purchase notice accepted by local planning authority or statutory undertakers) and section 133(1) (confirmation of purchase notice by Minister) of that Act, references to compulsory acquisition shall, in the case of statutory undertakers, be construed as references to any statutory provision (however expressed) under which the undertakers have power, or may be authorised, to purchase land compulsorily for the purposes of their undertaking.

7. Any reference in the Land Compensation Act 1961 to an area 1961 c. 33. defined in the current development plan as an area of comprehensive development shall be construed as a reference to an action area for

which a local plan is in force.

8. The foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject to any specific provision contained in Part II of this Schedule and to the provisions of Schedule 10 to this Act

Part n

Specific Adaptations, Amendments and Modifications

The Highways Act 1959 (c. 25)

9. In section 38(2) (specification of highways which are to be maintainable at the public expense), in paragraph (e). after the words "public path diversion order* there shall be inserted the words " or in consequence of an order made by the Minister of Transport or the Minister of Housing and Local Government under section 153

of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 or by a competent 1962 c. 38. authority under section 94 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 *.

The Public Health Act 1961 (c. 64)

10. In Schedule 4 (attachment of street lighting equipment to buildings). for the second item in the Table there shall be substituted the following: —

A building which is included in a The Minister of Housing list compiled or approved under and Local Government, section 32 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962.

3U*2

2074

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sen. 9

The Town and Country Planning Act 1962 (c. 38)

11. Any reference to section 68 of the Act shall be construed (according as the context may require) as including, or as being replaced by, a reference to section 28 of this Act.

12. In section 3(1) (delegation of functions of local planning authorities) the reference to the functions specified in subsection (2) of that section (that is to say, functions under Parts IQ and IV and section 180 of the Act) shall be construed as including a reference to functions under Parts Q and V and sections 65 to 68, 78 and 80 of this Act

13. In section 15(1X6) (certain planning applications not to be determined by local planning authority before expiration of a specified period), for the words from "appearing from the evidence'* onwards there shall be substituted the words " of the application ".

14. In section 16(1) (application for planning permission to be accompanied by certificate that the applicant is the owner or a tenant of the land, or that he has served on the owners notice of his intention to apply, or that he does not know who the owners are),—

(a) in paragraph (c) for the words "and that" to the end of the paragraph there shall be substituted the words *that he has taken such steps as are reasonably open to him (specifying them) to ascertain the names and addresses of the remainder of those persons and that he has been unable to do so "; and

(b) in paragraph (d), for the words "and that" to the end of the paragraph there shall be substituted the words " that he has taken such steps as are reasonably open to him (specifying them) to ascertain the names and addresses of the persons mentioned in paragraph ( ) of this subsection and that he has been unable to do so".

15. In section 17 (determination of planning applications),—

(a) at the beginning of subsection (lX<z) there shall be inserted the words "Subject to sections 65 and 66 of the Act of 1968 "; and

(b) in subsection (2), for the words from " appearing from the evidence" onwards there shall be substituted the words "of the application".

16. In section 19 (provision which can be made by regulations or a development order with respect to the manner in which planning applications are to be dealt with), in subsection (2X«)» after the word "authority" there shall be inserted the words "either indefinitely or".

17. In section 32(4) (duty of Minister to notify the owner and occupier of a building when it has become, or ceased to be, listed) for the words " the Minister shall serve a notice " there shall be substituted the words "the council of the county borough, London

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2075

borough or county district in whose area the building is situated, on being informed of the fact by the Minister, shall serve a notice in the prescribed form ".

18. So much of section 34(4) (definition of areas of special control in connection with the control of advertisements) as provides for the definition of such areas by reference to the provisions of a development plan shall cease to have effect

19. In section 37(1) (power of local planning authority to make agreements with land-owners restricting or regulating the development or use of their land), the words "with the approval of the Minister " shall be omitted.

20. In section 49(1) (supplementary provisions as to enforcement notices) for the words " any development " there shall be substituted the words " any breach of planning control (as defined by section 15 of the Act of 1968) " and for the words " by whom the development was carried out" there shall be substituted the words "by whom the breach of planning control was committed

21. In section 63 (enforcement of control of advertising) in subsection (1), after the words "this Part of this Act" there shall be inserted the words " or Part II of the Act of 1968 ".

22. In section 64 (supplementary provisions as to appeals under Part IV)—

(a) in subsection (1), after the words "this Part of this Act"

there shall be inserted the words "or under Part II of the Act of 1968 or Part IV of Schedule 5 to that Act ";

(b) in the second of the subsections numbered (3), after the words " this Part of this Act " there shall be inserted the words " or under Part II of the Act of 1968 or Part IV of Schedule 5 to that Act ".

23. In section 65 (recovery by local planning authority of expenses of enforcement), after the word "Act" there shall be inserted the words " or of the provisions of Part II of the Act of 1968 or Part IV of Schedule 5 to that Act ".

24. In section 66 (local authority land),—

(a) in subsection (1), after the words "this Part of this Act"

there shall be inserted the words " and Part II of the Act of 1968 "; and

(b) in subsection (2) after the words "this Part of this Act" there shall be inserted the words "or Part II of the Act of 1968 "

25. In section 71(1) (acquisition of land by agreement), for paragraph (6) there shall be substituted the following paragraphs: —

" (b) any building appearing to them to be of special architectural or historic interest; and

3 U*3

Sch. 9

2076

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch.9

(c) any land comprising or contiguous or adjacent to it which appears to the Minister to be required for preserving the building or its amenities, or for affording access to it, or for its proper control or management"

#26. In section 73(1) (appropriation of land for planning purposes), the words * specified in a development plan (being a purpose " shall cease to have effect

27. In section 78(2) (cases where the Minister’s consent is needed for the disposal of land held for planning purposes) for paragraph (b) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

*(b) of land acquired or appropriated for planning purposes for a reason mentioned m section 28(1 Xa) to (c) of the Act of 1968; or

28. In section 78(7) (special provisions as to land comprised in or contiguous or adjacent to areas of comprehensive development), for paragraphs (a) and (b) there shall be substituted the words " to land acquired or appropriated for planning purposes for a reason mentioned in section 28(1 X«) to (c) of the Act of 1968 ".

29. In section 86(1) of the principal Act (objections to compulsory purchase orders), for the words from the beginning to * acquisition " there shall be substituted the words " Where it is proposed that land should be acquired compulsorily under section 28 or 29 of the Act of 1968 ".

30. In section 126 (compensation for restrictions on advertising), in paragraph (a) for the words *on the seventh day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-seven and was being displayed on the date on which the regulations came into force, or " there shall be substituted the words " on 1st August 1948, or ".

31. In section 127 (general provisions as to compensation for depreciation under Part VII), in subsection (2), after the word "thereof" there shall be inserted the words "or under Part V or section 92 of the Act of 1968 ".

32. In section 128(1) (determination of claims for compensation) after the word "Act ", in the second place where it occurs, there shall be inserted the words "or Part II or Part V or section 92 of the Act of 1968 ".

33. In section 159 (determination of applications etc. by statutory undertakers in respect of operational land) the following amendments shall be made: —

(a) in subsection (1), after the words "such an application" there shall be inserted the words " or such an application is deemed to be made under section 16(7) of the Act of 1968 on an appeal under that section by statutory undertakers ";

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2077

(b) after subsection (1) there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

" (1A) An application for planning permission which is deemed to have been made by virtue of section 18(6) of the Act of 1968 shall be determined by the Minister and the appropriate Minister.*

34. In section 160(2) (Ministers responsible for dealing with planning application by statutory undertakers where development authorised by a government department), for the words " as mentioned in the preceding subsection* there shall be substituted the words " in respect of any development of operational land *.

35. In section 176 (validity of development plans, and of certain orders and certain actions of the Minister, not to be questioned in legal proceedings, subject to following provisions of Part XI of the Act), the following amendments shall be made:—

(a) for subsection (1X<0 there shall be substituted the following

paragraph—

" (a) a structure plan, a local plan or any alteration, repeal or replacement of any such plan, whether before or after the plan, alteration, repeal or replacement has been approved or adopted, or *’;

(b) in subsection (1XH after the word "Act* there shall be inserted the words " or sections 91, 92, 94 or 95 of the Act of 1968 *;

(c) at the end of subsection (2) there shall be added the follow-

ing paragraph: —

" (f) any order under Part n of Schedule 5 to the Act of 1968".

(d) in subsection (3), at the end of paragraph (c) there shall be inserted the words " under section 129 of this Act or section 42 of the Act of 1968*, in paragraph (d) for the words "a purchase notice" (wherever occurring) there shall be substituted the words "such a purchase notice*’, and at the end of the subsection there shall be inserted the following paragraphs: —

" (g) any decision of the Minister to grant planning permission under section 16(5Xa) of the Act of 1968;

(h) any decision of the Minister on an application for an established use certificate referred to him under section 18(1) of the Act of 1968;

(0 any decision of the Minister on an appeal under section 18(2) of the Act of 1968;

(j) any decision by the Minister to confirm a completion notice under section 68 of that Act;

(k) any decision of the Minister on an application referred to him under paragraph 3 of Schedule 5 to the Act of 1968, being an application for listed building consent for any works;

3 U* 4

Sch. 9

2078

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sea. 9

(0 any decision of the Minister on an appeal to him under paragraph 7 of that Schedule;

(m) any decision of the Minister under paragraph 18(5)(a) of that Schedule to grant listed building consent for any works or under paragraph 18(5X6) of that Schedule to grant planning permission in respect of any works."

36. In section 177 (validity of enforcement notices and similar notices) the following subsections shall be substituted for subsections

(1) to (3):—

" (1) Subject to this section—

(a) the validity of an enforcement notice shall not, except

by way of an appeal under Part n of the Act of 1968, be questioned in any proceedings whatsoever on any of the grounds specified in paragraphs (6) to (e) of section 16(1) of that Act;

(b) the validity of a listed building enforcement notice under section 44 of the Act of 1968 shall not, except by way of an appeal under Part IV of Schedule 5 to that Act be questioned in any proceedings whatsoever on any of the grounds specified in sub-paragraphs (6) or (e) of paragraph 18(1) of that Schedule.

(2) Subsection (lXa) above shall not apply to proceedings brought under section 47(5) of this Act against a person who—

(a) has held an interest in the land since before the enforce-

ment notice was served under Part II of the Act of 1968; and

(b) did not have the enforcement notice served on him thereunder; and

(c) satisfies the court that—

(i) he did not know and could not reasonably have been expected to know that the enforcement notice had been served; and

(ii) his interests have been substantially prejudiced by the failure to serve him."

37. For section 178 (proceedings for questioning validity of development plans and certain orders) there shall be substituted the following section:—

" 178.—(1) If any person aggrieved by a structure plan or local plan or by any alteration, repeal or replacement of any such plan, desires to question the validity of the plan, alteration, repeal or replacement on the ground that it is not within the powers conferred by Part I of the Act of 1968, or that any requirement of the said Part I or of any regulations made thereunder has not been complied with in relation to the approval or adoption of the plan, alteration, repeal or replacement, he may, within six weeks from the date of the publication of the first notice of the approval or adoption of the plan, alteration.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2079

repeal or replacement required by regulations under section 13(1) Sch. 9 of that Act, make an application to the High Court under this section.

(2) On any application under this section the High Court—

(a) may by interim order wholly or in part suspend the

operation of the plan, alteration, repeal or replacement, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant, until the final determination of the proceedings;

(b) if satisfied that the plan, alteration, repeal or replacement

is wholly or to any extent outside the powers conferred by Part I of the Act of 1968, or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by the failure to comply with any requirement of the said Part I or of any regulations made thereunder, may wholly or in part quash the plan, alteration, repeal or replacement, as the case may be, either generally or in so far as it affects any property of the applicant.

(3) The preceding provisions of this section shall apply to an order under section 153 or 155 of this Act or under section 91 or 92 of the Act of 1968 as they apply to a structure plan, as if, in subsection (1) of this section, for the reference to the notice therein mentioned, there were substituted a reference to the notice required by section 154(6) of this Act.

(4) The said provisions shall apply to an order under section 94 or 95 of the Act of 1968 as they apply to a structure plan as if, in subsection (1) of this section, for the reference to the date on which the notice therein mentioned is first published there were substituted a reference to the date on which the notice required by paragraph 6 of Schedule 7 to that Act is first published in accordance with that paragraph.

(5) Subsections (1) and (2) of this section shall apply, subject to any necessary modifications, to an order under section 168 of this Act as they apply to a structure plan/*

38. In section 179(6) (construction of references in that section to confirmation of an older) the words from "do not" to "(with that exception) * shall be omitted.

39. In section 180 (appeals to High Court relating to enforcement notices)—

(a) for subsection (1) there shall be substituted the following subsection: —

"(1) Where the Minister gives a decision in proceedings on an appeal—

(a) under Part II of the Act of 1968 against an enforcement notice; or

(b) under Part IV of Schedule 5 to that Act against an enforcement notice under section 44 of that Act,

the appellant or the local planning authority or any person (other than the appellant) on whom the notice was

2080

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sea. 9

served may.

as rules of court may provide.

either appeal to the High Court against the decision on a point of law or require the Minister to state and sign a case for the opinion of the High Court.'*;

(b) subsection (2) shall be omitted; and

(c) in subsection (3), for the words " in either of the preceding

subsections" there shall be substituted the words "in subsection (1) of this section

40. In section 183 (orders subject to special parliamentary procedure), after the word "Act", where first occurring, there shall be inserted the words " or section 91 or 92 of the Act of 1968

41. In section 188 (contributions by Ministers towards compensation paid by local authorities) after the words "Part HI of this Act" there shall be inserted the words " or Part n, ID or V of the Act of 1968".

42. In section 189 (contribution by local authorities and statutory undertakers)—

(a) in subsection (2Xh), after the words " Part V of this Act "

there shall be inserted the words " or Part II or Part V of the Act of 1968 or Schedule 5 to that Act";

(b) in subsection (3), after the words "Part m of this Act" there shall be inserted the words " or Part II or V of the Act of 1968 ".

43. In section 196 (expenses of county councils), after the word " thereto ", there shall be inserted the words " or under the provisions of the Act of 1968 ".

44. In section 197(1) (power to modify Act in relation to minerals) after the word "thereto" there shall be inserted the words "and the provisions of the Act of 1968 ".

45. In section 199 (exercise of powers in relation to Crown land) the following amendments shall be made: —

(a) in subsection (1X<0. after the words "Part II of this Act" there shall be inserted the words " or the Greater London development plan ";

(b) in subsection (2Xa) for the words "sections twenty-eight to thirty-one, section thirty-six or section forty-five of this Act" there shall be substituted the words " section 28, 29 or 36 of this Act or section 15 or 44 of the Act of 1968 ";

(c) for subsection (3) there shall be substituted the following sub-

sections : —

"(3) No enforcement notice shall be served under section 15 of the Act of 1968 in respect of development carried out by or on behalf of the Crown after the appointed day on land which was Crown land at the time when the development was carried out.

(3A) No enforcement notice under section 44 of the Act of 1968 shall be served in respect of works executed

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2081

by or on behalf of the Crown in respect of a building which was Crown land at the time when the works were executed.*

(d) in subsection (4), after the words "No purchase notice* there shall be inserted the words "under section 129 of this Act or section 42 of the Act of 1968 *.

46. In section 203(1) (Scilly Isles) after the words "Eighth Schedule thereto" there shall be inserted the words "and of the provisions of the Act of 1968 *.

47. In section 204(1) (application to the National Coal Board of provisions of the principal Act relating to statutory undertakers), the reference to any of the provisions of that Act specified in paragraph 1 of Schedule 8 thereto shall be construed as including a reference to sections 69 to 71 of this Act.

48. In section 205 (ecclesiastical property)—

(a) in subsection (1), the words "specified in paragraph 1 of the Eighth Schedule thereto * shall be omitted; and

(b) in subsection (3), after the words "under Part VIE of this Act" there shall be inserted the words "or under section 20,49 or 92 of the Act of 1968 ".

49. Section 207 (default powers of Minister) shall be amended as follows: —

(a) in subsection (2) the following shall be substituted for paragraph (c):—

"(c) tree preservation orders and orders amending or revoking them *;

(b) in subsection (4), for paragraphs (a) and there shall be substituted the following paragraphs :—

" (a) an enforcement notice under section 15 of the Act of 1968 or under the provisions of that section as applied by regulations made under section 34 of this Act; or

(b) a notice under section 36 of this Act; or

(c) a stop notice under section 19 of the Act of 1968; or

(d) an enforcement notice under section 44 of that Act; or

(e) a completion notice under section 68 of that Act ";

and for the words (in the proviso) from " an enforcement notice " to "this Act" there shall be substituted the words "an enforcement notice under section 15 or 44 of the Act of 1968 which is served by the Minister, the provisions of sections 47 to 51 of this Act or, as the case may be, sections 45 and 46 of that Act "; and

(c) for subsection (5Xu) there shall be substituted the following paragraph: —

"(a) that the council of a county, county borough, London borough or county district or the Common Council of the City of London have failed to take steps

Sch. 9

2082

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sea. 9

for the acquisition of any land which, in the opinion of the Minister, ought to be acquired by that council under section 28 of the Act of 1968 for a purpose which it is necessary to achieve in the interests of the proper planning of an area in which the land is situated; or *.

50. Section 211 (general powers of entry) shall be amended as follows:—

(a) at the end of subsection (lXc) there shall be added the words

"or to serve any notice under Part II or Part V of the Act of 1968 ";

(b) after that subsection there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

" (1A) Any person duly authorised in writing by the Minister may at any reasonable time enter any land for the purpose of surveying any building thereon in connection with a proposal to include the building in. or exclude it from, a list compiled or approved under section 32 of this Act.

(IB) Any person duly authorised in writing by the Minister or a local planning authority may at any reasonable time enter any land for the purpose of ascertaining whether, with respect to any building on the land, an offence has been, or is being, committed under Part V of the Act of 1968, or whether the building is being maintained in a proper state of repair."

(c) in subsection (3), at the end there shall be added the words " or under any provision of the Act of 1968 ";

(d) in subsection (4), for the words from " a Minister " to " so designated " there shall be substituted the words " a local authority or Minister authorised to acquire land under section 28 or 29 of the Act of 1968 ".

51. In section 215(1) (power to require information as to interests in land), the words " specified in paragraph 1 of the Eighth Schedule thereto " shall be omitted.

52. In section 217 (regulations and orders)—

(a) in subsection (1X«) the wards "specified in paragraph 1 of the Eighth Schedule thereto " shall be omitted; and

(h) in subsection (3), the words " specified in paragraphs 1 and 3 of the Eighth Schedule thereto " shall be omitted;

(c) after subsection (3), there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

" (3A) Without prejudice to subsection (3) above, where an order has been made—

(a) by the Minister of Transport, either before or after the commencement of section 89 of the Act of 1968, under section 153(1) of this Act or section 49 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1947; or

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2083

(b) by the Minister of Housing and Local Government under the said section 153(1),

so much of the order as relates to a footpath or bridleway may be varied or revoked by an order made under the said section 153(1) by either of those two Ministers.*

53. Section 221(1) (interpretation) shall be amended as follows: —

(a) after the definition of "the Act of 1959" there shall be inserted the following: —

'"the Act of 1968' means the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 ";

(b) in the definition of "enforcement notice " for the words

"section forty-five of this Act" there shall be substituted the words " section 15 of the Act of 1968 ";

(c) in the definition of "owner ", the reference to section 47 of

the principal Act and the words "or agent" shall be omitted.

54. In paragraph 5 of Schedule 2 (joint advisory committees for advising constituent authorities as to the preparation of development plans and other matters) the reference to development plans shall be construed as a reference to structure plans and local plans.

55. In Schedule 8 (provisions of principal Act listed for the purposes of sections of the Act referred to in the Schedule heading), the following amendments shall be made: —

(a) in paragraph 1(1)—

for the words " Sections 1 to 12 " there shall be substituted the words " Sections 1 to 3; section 12 ";

for the words "sections 27 to 39; sections 41 to 87 " there shall be substituted the words " sections 27 to 29; section 32; sections 34 to 39; sections 41 to 44; sections 47 to 51; sections 56 to 66; sections 70 to 73; sections 77 to 87 "; and

the words " section 210 " shall be omitted; and

for the words " the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th Schedules "; there shall be substituted the words "the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Schedules ";

(b) in paragraph 3(1) for the words "sections 138 to 151" there shall be substituted the words " sections 138 to 142; sections 144 to 151 ".

56. In Schedule 13 (savings and transitional provisions) in paragraph 6(2), for the words "Part IV of this Act" there shall be substituted the words " Part II of the Act of 1968 ".

The London Government Act 1963 (c. 33)

57. In section 21 (housing powers) the reference to an area of comprehensive development shall be construed as a reference to an action area for which a local plan is in force.

Sch. 9

2084

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sea. 9 58. For section 24(3) (local planning authorities) there shall be

substituted the following subsection:—

" (3) Subject to subsection (4) of this section, to sections 28 and 29 of this Act and to the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 (hereafter in this Act referred to as * the 1968 Planning Act1)* for all purposes of the Planning Act and the said Act of 1968 the local planning authority as respects any London borough shall be the council of the borough and as respects the City shall be the Common Council; and—

(a) any application under Part IQ of the Planning Act for

planning permission for any development shall be made to. and. subject to the said subsection (4) and section 22 of the Planning Act. shall be determined by, such as may be appropriate of those councils; and

(b) any application under Part V of the 1968 Planning Act for listed building consent shall be made and, subject to the said subsection (4) and paragraph 3 of Schedule 5 to that Act, be determined as aforesaid;

but, except in any case or class of cases with respect to which the Greater London Council otherwise direct, each London borough and the Common Council shall cause a copy of every decision made by them on an application mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of this subsection to be sent to the Greater London Council, together with a copy of the application and such other information relating thereto and to the decision as the Greater London Council may reasonably require

59. In section 24(4),—

(a) after the words "Planning Act" where first occurring, there shall be inserted the words " and of the 1968 Planning Act (except sections 17 and 18 of that Act) ";

(b) the reference to sections 45 to 51 of the Act shall be construed as including a reference to Part Q of this Act.

60. After the said section 24(4) there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

"(4A) The Greater London Council shall as respects any London borough or the City have, concurrently with the local planning authority, the functions of a local planning authority under sections 44 to 53 and 55 of, and Part TV of Schedule 5 to, the 1968 Planning Act*, and references in those provisions to the local planning authority shall be construed accordingly.*

61. In section 24(5) and (9) the references to sections 24 to 29 of the Act shall be construed as including references to Part I of this Act

The Control of Office and Industrial Development Act 1965

(c. 33)

62. In section 8 (provisions as to conditions to be attached to planning permissions under section 6 or 7),—

(a) in subsection (1), for the words from "or subject to* onwards there shall be substituted the words " or section 85

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2085

or 86 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968, or subject to which planning permission is by virtue of any of those sections or section 87(1) of the said Act of 1968 deemed to have been granted, whether or not it is a condition which could have been imposed apart from this Act or those sections of the said Act of 1968 ";

(6) in subsection (3), for the words " apart from the provisions of this Part of this Act, and would have been imposed if this Part of this Act had not been enacted " there shall be substituted the words "apart from the provisions of this Part of this Act and sections 85 and 86 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 and would have been imposed if this Part of this Act and those sections had not been enacted "; and

(c) in subsection (4), for the words "under section 46 of the Act of 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " under section 16 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968

63. Section 9 (enforcement notices relating to land in Greater London) shall be amended as follows: —

(a) in subsection (3Xa) for the words "section 45(3) of the

Act of 1962 " there shall be substituted the words " section 15(4) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 ";

(b) in subsection (3X6) for the words "section 45(4)(6)" there shall be substituted the words " section 15(5X6) and (6) ";

(c) in subsection (4) for the words "section 45(5) of the Act

of 1962" there shall be substituted the words "section 15(7) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968"; for the words " section 46(3) " there shall be substituted the words " section 16(3) ", and for the words " section 45(5) or section 46(3) " there shall be substituted the words " section 15(7) or 16(3)";

(d) in subsection (5), for the words "section 46(1) of the Act of 1962" there shall be substituted the words "section 16(1) of the said Act of 1968 ".

(e) in subsection (6) for the words "section 46 of the Act of

1962" there shall be substituted the words "section 16 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968; for the words "paragraphs (a) to (c)" there shall be substituted the words "paragraphs (a) and (6)"; and for the words " section 177(1) of that Act " there shall be substituted the words " section 177(1X«) of the Act of 1962

64. In section 16 (interpretation of Part I), in subsection (7), for the words from "section 64(2)" onwards there shall be substituted the words " section 16(7) or 18(6) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 is deemed to have been made for such planning permission as is mentioned in the said section 16(7) or, as the case may be, the said section 18(6) ".

Sch. 9

2086

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch. 9

1962 c. 38.

The Industrial Development Act 1966 (c. 34)

65. In section 22 (requirement of industrial development certificate in certain cases), in subsection (4) for the words from " section 64(2) " onwards there shall be substituted the words " section 16(7) or 18(6) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 is deemed to have been made for such planning permission as is mentioned in the said section 16(7) or, as the case may be, the said section 18(6) ".

66. In section 24 (provisions as to conditions of industrial development certificates),—

(a) in subsection (3), for the words "On an appeal under

section 46 of the said Act of 1962 " there shall be substituted the words "On an appeal under section 16 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 ";

(b) in subsection (9Xh), after the word "reference ", where first occurring, there shall be inserted the words " in this section as originally enacted

The Land Commission Act 1967 (c. 1)

67. In section 6(3) (conditions precedent to the compulsory purchase of land by the Land Commission) the reference in paragraph (b) to the current development plan shall be construed as a reference to a local plan for the time being applicable to the district and any alterations thereto (including a plan or alterations made available for inspection in pursuance of section 7(2) of this Act, but not yet in force) and the authority’s resolutions of adoption or, as the case may be, the Ministers' notices of approval or making of the plan or alterations.

The General Rate Act 1967 (c. 9)

68. In Schedule 1 (rating of unoccupied property), in paragraph 2(c) for the words " is the subject of a building preservation order under section 30 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 or is included in a list compiled or approved under section 32 of that Act" there shall be substituted die words "is the subject of a building preservation notice as defined by section 48 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1968 or is included in a list compiled or approved under section 32 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 ".

The Civic Amenities Act 1967 (c. 69)

69. In section 1 (preservation of character of areas of special architectural or historic interest), at the end of subsection (5)(a) there shall be inserted the words " or the Planning Act of 1968 ".

70. In section 3 (acts causing or likely to result in damage to listed buildings),—

(a) in subsection (1), for the words " not being a building of a description specified in section 30(2) of the Planning Act " there shall be substituted the words " not being a building of a description specified in section 41(1) of the Planning Act of 1968 "; and for the words " that Act " there shall be substituted the words " the Planning Act ";

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2087

(b) in subsection (2), for the words " works of which notice has been given in pursuance of section 33 of that Act or which are lawful by subsection (2) of that section " there shall be substituted the words "works for which listed building consent has been given under Part V of the Planning Act of 1968".

71. Section 8 (management of buildings acquired under section 69 of Planning Act) shall be amended as follows:—

(a) in subsection (1)* for the words "under section 69(1) or section 71(1)(6) of the Planning Act" there shall be substituted the words " under section 71(1X&) of the Planning Act or section 50(1) of the Planning Act of 1968 ";

(b) in subsection (2), for the words "section 69(2) of the Planning Act " there shall be substituted the words " section 50(2) of the Planning Act of 1968 ";

(c) in subsection (3)(b), after the word "references " (where first

occurring) there shall be inserted the words " in this section as originally enacted ".

72. In section 14 (default powers and appeals in relation to replacement of trees), in subsection (3) for the words " subsections (2) to (5) of section 46 " there shall be substituted the words " section 16(2), (3) and (4X<0 of the Planning Act of 1968 and so much of section 16(5) of that Act as enables the Minister to give directions ".

73. In section 16 (power of local planning authority to make tree preservation order with immediate effect)—

(a) in subsection (1), die words " by the Minister " shall be

omitted; and

(b) for subsections (2) and (3) there shall be substituted the following subsections: —

" (2) Notwithstanding section 29(4) of the Planning Act, an order which contains such a direction shall take effect provisionally on such date as may be specified therein and shall continue in force by virtue of this section until—

(a) the expiration of a period of six months begin-

ning with the date on which the order was made; or

(b) the date on which the order is confirmed or. in the case of an order which can be confirmed only by the Minister, on which he notifies the authority who made the order that he does not propose to confirm it;

whichever first occurs.

(3) Provision shall be made by regulations under the Planning Act for securing—

(a) that the notices to be given of the making of a tree preservation order containing a direction

Sch. 9

2088

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch. 9

1962 c. 38.

Section 107

1963 c. 33.

under this section shall include a statement of the effect of the direction; and (b) that where the Minister, in the case of an order which can be confirmed only by him, within the period of six months referred to in subsection (2) above, notifies the authority that he does not propose to confirm the order, copies of that notice shall be served on die owners and occupiers of the land to which the order related."

74. In section 30 (interpretation), in subsection (1), after the definition of "the Planning Act " there shall be inserted the following:—

"‘the Planning Act of 1968* means the Town and Country Planning Act 1968

The Leasehold Reform Act 1967 (c. 88)

75. In section 28(6) (description of development which, if proposed to be undertaken by a local authority, public or other body, may restrict the rights under the Act of tenants of the land affected) for the words from " in order to secure " to " comprehensive development " there shall be substituted the following: —

" in order to secure—

(a) the development or re-development of an area defined by a development plan under the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 as an area of comprehensive development; or

(6) the treatment as a whole, by development, redevelopment, or improvement, or partly by one and partly by another method, of any area in which the property is situated

SCHEDULE 10 Transitional Provisions and Savings Development plans

1. Until the repeal of Part II of the principal Act and, where applicable, section 25 of the London Government Act 1963 as respects any district (whether the whole or part of the area of a local planning authority), proposals for any alterations or additions to a development plan in force in the area consisting of or comprising that district shall not without the approval of the Minister be submitted to him under section 6 of the principal Act or under section 26 of the said Act of 1963.

2. On the repeal of the said Part II and, where applicable, the said section 25 as respects any district, the development plan which was in force in the area consisting of or comprising that district immediately before the repeal takes effect (hereafter in this Schedule referred to as " the old development plan '*) shall, subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, continue in force as respects that district and be treated for the purposes of the principal Act,

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2089

this Act, any other enactment relating to town and country planning, the Land Compensation Act 1961 and the Land Commission Act 1967 as being comprised in, or as being, the development plan therefor.

3. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, where by virtue of paragraph 2 above the old development plan for any district is treated as being comprised in a development plan for that district and there is a conflict between any of its provisions and those of the structure plan for that district, the provisions of the structure plan shall be taken to prevail for the purposes of Part m. IV, V, VI and VIII of the principal Act, Parts II and VI of this Act and Schedule 5 to this Act.

4. Where a structure plan is in force in any district, but no local plan is in force in that district, a street authorisation map prepared in pursuance of the Town and Country Planning (Development Plans) Regulations 1965 or the Town and Country Planning (Development Plans for Greater London) Regulations 1966 for any area consisting of or comprising that district shall—

(a) if in force immediately before the structure plan comes into

force be treated for the purposes of this Act as having been adopted as a local plan by the local planning authority;

(b) if immediately before the structure plan comes into force

it was under consideration by the Minister be treated for those purposes as having been so adopted on being approved by the Minister.

5. Where a structure plan is in force in any district, but no local plan is in force in that district, then, for any of the purposes of the Land Compensation Act 1961,—

(a) the development plan or current development plan shall as respects that district be taken as being whichever of the following plans gives rise to those assumptions as to the grant of planning permission which are more favourable to the owner of the land acquired, for that purpose, that is to say, the structure plan, so for as applicable to the district, and any alterations thereto, together with the Minister’s notice of approval of the plan and alterations, and the old development plan;

(6) land situated in an area defined in the current development plan as an area of comprehensive development shall be taken to be situated in whichever of the following areas leads to such assumptions as aforesaid, that is to say, any area wholly or partly within that district selected by the structure plan as an action area and the area so defined in the old development plan.

6. Subject to paragraph 7 below, the Minister may by order wholly or partly revoke a development plan continued in force under this Schedule whether in its application to the whole of the area of a local planning authority or in its application to part of that area and make such consequential amendments to the plan as appear to him to be necessary or expedient

Sch. 10 1961 c. 33. 1967 c. 1.

.1.1965 No. 1453.

.1. 1966 No. 48.

2090

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch. 10 7. Before making an order with respect to a development plan

under paragraph 6 above, the Minister shall consult with the local planning authority for the area to which the plan relates or, where the area is a London borough, with the council of that borough and the Greater London Council.

8. Any reference in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule to a development plan shall as respects any district in Greater London, be construed as a reference to the initial development plan within

1963 c. 33. the meaning of section 25 of the London Government Act 1963, the Greater London development plan and any development plan prepared for the area consisting of or comprising that district by the council of the relevant London borough.

9. Any reference in paragraphs 1 and 2 above to the repeal of Part n of the principal Act or section 25 of the London Government Act 1963 shall, in a case where that repeal is brought by an order under section 105 of this Act into operation on different days, be construed as a reference to a repeal of such of the provisions of the said Part n or the said section 25 as may be specified in the order.

Enforcement of planning control

10.—(1) References in this Act to an enforcement notice shall be construed as not including references to an enforcement notice served, before the commencement of Part II of this Act, under section 45 of the principal Act, or having effect by virtue of paragraph 11 or 12 of Schedule 13 to the principal Act, or paragraph 1 or 17 of Schedule 14 to that Act

(2) In relation to an enforcement notice so served, the provisions of the principal Act, and of any other Act passed before this Act, shall continue to apply as if this Act had not been passed.

(3) Nothing in this paragraph shall prevent the withdrawal, after the said commencement, of an enforcement notice so served or the service thereafter of an enforcement notice under Part EL of this Act

1965 c. 33. 11. Section 9 of the Control of Offices and Industrial Development

Act 1965 shall, in relation to an enforcement notice served before the commencement of Part II of this Act, have effect as originally enacted and not as amended by paragraph 63 of Schedule 9 to this Act.

1967 c. 69. 12. The amendment of section 14 of the Civic Amenities Act 1967

which is made by paragraph 72 of Schedule 9 to this Act shall not have effect in relation to a notice served under that section before the commencement of Part II of this Act.

Acquisition of land

13. Sections 27 to 29 of this Act shall not apply to any land the acquisition of which was, immediately before the commencement of those sections, authorised by a compulsory purchase order made by a local authority or statutory undertakers or by a Minister, or was then proposed to be authorised by such an order which had not been

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2091

confirmed by a Minister or, as the case may be, had been prepared in Sen. 10 draft by a Minister, but with respect to which a notice had then been published in accordance with paragraph 3(1 Xa) of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1946.

14. Section 30 of this Act shall not apply to the compulsory acquisition of land with respect to which a compulsory purchase order was in force before the commencement of that section.

15. In relation to a notice served under section 139 of the principal Act before the commencement of section 33 and 34 of this Act, and to any hereditament or agricultural unit which is the subject of the notice, sections 140 to 151 of the principal Act shall, after that commencement, have effect without any of the amendments made by Part IV of this Act

16. —(1) Notwithstanding any amendment by this Act of sections 138 to 151 of the principal Act, the description of land contained in section 138(1X6) of that Act fland allocated by a development plan for the purposes of a government department, etc.) shall continue as one of the specified descriptions for the purposes of those sections in their application to any district to which this paragraph applies.

(2) This paragraph applies to any district for which no local plan is in force under Part I of this Act—

(a) allocating any land in the district for the purposes of such functions as are mentioned in section 33(1 Xa) of this Act; or

(b) defining any land in the district as the site of proposed development for the purposes of any such functions.

(3) To the extent that section 138(1X6) of the principal Act survives by virtue of this paragraph and for so long as it does so, the amendment by this Act of section 139(3Xfl) of that Act (definition of "relevant date" by reference to section 138(1X6)) shall be treated as not displacing the reference in that paragraph to section 138(1X6).

17. The validity of a compulsory purchase order made under section 67, 68 or 69 of the principal Act shall not be affected by the repeal of that section; and a compulsory purchase order made (but not confirmed), or made in draft, before the repeal of that section took effect may be confirmed or made thereunder as if this Act had not been passed.

Buildings of architectural or historic interest

18.—(1) Where, before the commencement of Part V of this Act, consent under a building preservation order has been given, either by the local planning authority or by the Minister on appeal, for the execution of any works, the consent shall operate in respect of those works as listed building consent, subject to the same conditions (if any) as were attached to the consent under the building preservation order.

2092

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch. 10

Section 108.

(2) In the case of demolition works for which consent has been given under a building preservation order compliance with section 40(4X6) of this Act shall not be required.

19. Where, before the commencement of Part V of this Act an application has been made for consent under a building preservation order for any works, any proceedings pending at the commencement of Part V of this Act and arising out of the application (including any appeal) may be continued and disposed of under and in accordance with the provisions of Part V of this Act corresponding to provisions of the building preservation order as to the making of applications, the decision of the local planning authority thereon and appeals to the Minister against the said decision.

20. The repeal by this Act of section 30 of the principal Act shall not prevent a council from taking such proceedings as could have been taken to enforce any building preservation order made under that section and for securing the restoration of a building to its former state as could have been taken but for the repeal; and in relation to any such proceedings the provisions of the order and of any provisions of the principal Act incorporated therein, shall continue to have the same effect as if this Act had not been passed.

The National Coal Board

21. The provisions of Part X of the principal Act applied by regulations under section 204(1) of that Act in relation to the National Coal Board and land of that Board shall, until the coming into operation of the first regulations made under that subsection after the commencement of sections 69 to 71 of this Act, continue to have effect as so applied as if those sections had not been enacted.

SCHEDULE 11

Enactments Repealed

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 36. The Post Office Act 1953. In section 47(5), the words "Town and Country Planning Act 1947 ". In Schedule 1, paragraphs 4 to 7. Section 36(1).

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 48. The Electricity Act 1957.

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 56. The Housing Act 1957. In section 17(3), paragraph ( ) and in paragraph (c) the words "made the subject of such a building preservation order as aforesaid or

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 30. The Land Powers (Defence) Act 1958. Section 8(4).

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 53. The Town and Country Planning Act 1959. Section 26(5X6).

c« d 6

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

lOEliz.2.

15.

lOEliz. 2. 33.

The Post Office Act 1961.

The Land Compensation Act 1961.

In the Schedule, so much as amends paragraphs 5, 6 and 7 of Schedule 1 to the Post Office Act 1953.

In section 9t the word "designation

In section 39(1), the words " by the Minister*.

lO&llEliz. 2. The Local Authorities c. 36. (Historic Buildings)

Act 1962.

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Town and Country c. 38. Planning Act 1962.

In section 1(1X^)» the words " with the consent of the Minister of Housing and Local Government *.

Partn.

In section 13, in subsection (6), the words from the beginning to " control; and * and subsection (10).

Section 23(3).

In section 29(5), the words " and, subject to * onwards.

Sections 30, 31 and 33.

In section 34(4), the words from " either * to 44 plans or *,

In section 37(1), the words " with the approval of the Minister *.

Sections 45 and 46.

Section 47(7).

Sections 52 to 55.

Section 62(2) to (4).

In section 64, subsection (2) and the first of the subsections numbered (3).

Sections 67 to 69.

In section 71(lX<z)* the words in parenthesis.

In section 73(1) the words from " specified *’ to " a purpose *.

Sections 74 to 76.

Section 86(4) and (5).

In section 125, in subsection (1), the words " or may under section thirty of this Act be made by a building preservation order * and subsection (2).

In section 128(1), the words " or building preservation order *. Section 138(1X<>) and ( ).

In section 139(3X<*)» the word 44 designated *’ wherever it occurs.

Section 143.

In section 145, subsection (3), in subsection (4) the words 44 and (6) * and subsection (6).

Section 150(5).

Section 159(2), subject to the exception in section 70(3) of this Act.

2094

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning Act 1968

Sch. 11

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Town and Country c. 38 —cont.Planning Act 1962

—cont.

Section 160(1), subject as afore* said.

Section 161(2), subject as afore-

i said.

Section 162(2), subject as aforesaid.

In section 163, in subsection (3), the words from " or the land '* to41 acquisition ", paragraph ( ) (subject to the exception in section 70(3) of this Act), and subsection (4).

Section 165(3), subject to the exception in section 70(3) of this Act.

In section 176, subsection (2X<0, and in subsection (3)(e) the words "or building preservation order *.

In section 179, in the proviso to subsection(4), the words "or building preservation orders "; and in subsection (6) the words from "do not include" to " (with that exception)

Section 180(2).

Section 183(1).

In section 199, in subsection (1X<0. the words from " and may " to " acquisition ", and subsection

(Mb)-

In section 200(2), the words 44 the Crown Estate Commissioners . or by ".

In section 203(1) the words 44 of this Act ", in the second place where they occur.

Section 210.

In section 221(1), the definitions of I " building preservation order " and 44 development plan ", and in the definition of "owner" the words "and forty-seven" and 44 or agent ".

Schedule 4.

In Schedule 13, paragraph 3.

Sections 25 to 27.

Section 28(2) and (3).

In section 29, in subsection (1) the words 44 68(1) " and 44 and 207(5)"; subsection (2); and in subsection (6) the words "8" and 44 199, 211(l)(a) and 217(2)" and the words from 44 and in the case " onwards.

C

1963 c. 33. The London Govern- In section 24(6), the words from ment Act 1963. 44 and in particular " onwards.

Town and Country Planning Act 1968 Ch. 72

2095

Chapter Title or Short Title Extent of Repeal

1965 c. 59. The New Towns Act Sections 15 to 17.

1965. Schedule 7.

1967 c. 1. The Land Commission Section 6(3Xc).

Act 1967.

1967 c. 69. The Civic Amenities In section 1(6), paragraphs (b)

Act 1967. and (c). In section 2, in subsection (1), the words " subsection (1) of section 33 of the Planning Act and'*; in subsection (2) the words44 subsection (3) of section 62 of the Planning Act and"; and in subsection (3) the words " the said section 33(1) or " and the words 44 sections 52(3) and 62(3) of the Planning Act and In section 6(2), the words "in respect of which a building preservation order is in force or". Sections 7, 9 and 10.

In section 16(1), the words 44 by

the Minister

3 X

Ch. 73

2097

Transport Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 73

An Act to make further provision with respect to transport and related matters.

[25th October 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Integration of Freight Transport Services

The National Freight Corporation

L—(1) There shall be constituted in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act a public authority to be called the National Freight Corporation (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Freight Corporation "), and it shall be the duty of the Corporation—

(a) so to exercise their powers under or by virtue of this Act as, in conjunction with the Railways Board—

(i) to provide, or secure or promote the provision of, properly integrated services for the carriage of goods within Great Britain by road and rail; and

(ii) to secure that, in the provision of those services, goods are carried by rail whenever such carriage is efficient and economic,

and in discharging their duty under sub-paragraph (ii) of this paragraph, to have due regard to any indication of the needs of the person for whom the goods in question are to be carried and to the nature of the goods;

3X2

Establishment and general duty of Freight Corporation.

2098

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part I

General powers of Freight Corporation.

(b) in connection with those services, to provide such other

services and facilities as appear to die Corporation to be expedient; and

(c) to have due regard, as respects all those transport and

other services and facilities, to efficiency, economy and safety of operation.

(2) The railway services which it is the duty of the Railways Board under section 3(1) of the Act of 1962 to provide shall cease to include any such services as are mentioned in subsection

(1) (a) of this section which the Freight Corporation have power to provide; but the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall not affect the powers of the Board to provide such services and—

(a) it shall be the duty of the Corporation and the Board

to cooperate with one another in the exercise and performance of their respective functions so as to secure the proper discharge of the Corporation’s duty under the said subsection (l)(a); and

(b) for the purposes of such co-operation, the Corporation

and the Board shall have power to enter into such arrangements with one another with respect to the exercise and performance of their respective functions on such terms as may appear to them to be expedient;

and where, for the purposes of the implementation of any agreement between the Corporation or a subsidiary of theirs and any other person for the conveyance of goods wholly or partly by rail, anything is done or falls to be done by the Railways Board or a subsidiary of that Board, the Board or that subsidiary of the Board shall be deemed to be a party to the agreement and shall have the like rights and be subject to the like liabilities under the agreement as if the agreement had been made by the Corporation or that subsidiary of the Corporation and the Board or that subsidiary of the Board acting jointly.

(3) Nothing in subsection (1) or in paragraph (a) of subsection

(2) of this section shall be construed as imposing, either directly or indirectly, any form of duty or liability enforceable by proceedings before any court to which the Freight Corporation or, as the case may be, the Railways Board would not otherwise be subject.

2.—(1) Subject and without prejudice to the provisions of, or of any enactment applied by, sections 47 to 52 of this Act, the Freight Corporation shall have power—

(a) to carry goods by road, whether in or outside Great Britain;

(b) to enter into arrangements with the Railways Board for the conveyance of goods by the Board, whether

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2099

as agents of the Corporation or otherwise, on such terms as may be provided for in the arrangements—

(i) by rail, whether in vehicles provided by the Corporation or by the Board or by some other person;

(ii) by means of any transport services provided by the Board in pursuance of their powers under section 5 of the Act of 1962;

(c) to act as agent for the Railways Board for the purposes

of any services for the carriage of goods provided by the Board;

(d) to provide—

(i) the like transport services by sea as immediately before the appointed day for the purposes of section 4(1) of this Act were provided by any of the bodies to whose securities that section relates;

(ii) with the consent of the Minister, any other transport services by sea;

(e) with the consent of the Minister, to provide transport

services by hovercraft;

if) to consign goods on behalf of other persons from or to any place, whether in Great Britain or elsewhere;

(g) to store goods which have been or are to be carried by

the Corporation, the Railways Board or a subsidiary of the Corporation or that Board, and—

(i) so far as any premises provided by the Corporation for the purposes of that or any other part of their business are not required for those purposes, to use them to provide facilities for the storage of other goods;

(ii) with the consent of the Minister, to provide such facilities at any other premises;

(h) to enter into and carry out agreements with any person

engaged in the provision of services for the carriage of goods, by whatever form of transport, for co-ordinating the activities of that person with those of the Corporation, and in particular for the provision of combined services for the through carriage of goods, whether by the same or partly by one and partly by another form of transport, for the quoting of through rates, and for the pooling of receipts or expenses;

</) to join with any person engaged as mentioned in paragraph ih) of this subsection in forming, promoting and assisting a company for carrying on any activities

3X3

Part I

2100

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part I

Financial provisions with respect to Freight Corporation.

in connection with such combined services as are so mentioned which the Corporation or that person have power to carry on;

(*) either alone or together with any other person, to provide, maintain and operate depots for the sorting of goods, with facilities for the reception, storage, weighing and handling of goods and for compliance with the requirements of the enactments relating to customs and excise;

(/) to operate harbours;

(m) to let for hire any vehicle, vessel or other means of transport owned by them;

(n) with the consent of the Minister, to carry on any activities which the Corporation would not apart from this paragraph have power to carry on but which a subsidiary of the Corporation was carrying on immediately before it became such a subsidiary.

(2) The Freight Corporation shall not be regarded as common carriers in respect of any of their activities.

3.—(1) Subject and without prejudice to the provisions of section 41 of this Act, the following provisions of the Act of 1962, namely—

(a) section 18 (financial duty of Boards);

(b) section 19 (borrowing powers of Boards);

(c) section 20 (loans out of National Loans Fund);

(i d)section 21 (Treasury guarantees); and

(e) section 24 (accounts), shall apply to the Freight Corporation as they apply to the Boards.

(2) The Freight Corporation shall assume a commencing capital debt in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act.

(3) The aggregate amount outstanding in respect of—

(a) the principal of any money borrowed by the Freight

Corporation under section 19 of the Act of 1962, and

(b) the Corporation’s commencing capital debt,

shall not exceed £200 million or such greater sum not exceeding £300 million as the Minister may from time to time by order specify; but no order shall be made under this subsection unless a draft thereof has been approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2101

Transfers of assets, etc. Part I

4.—(1) On the appointed day for the purposes of this sub-Transfer to section— Freight

Corporation

(a) the securities of the bodies listed in Part I of Schedule 3 of certain

to this Act, so far as beneficially owned on that day s?c£fitic^ by the Holding Company or by any wholly-owned subsidiary of that Company, and uaomues.

(b) the securities of the bodies listed in Part II of that

Schedule, so far as beneficially owned on that day by the Railways Board, and

(c) any rights or liabilities on that day of that Company or

subsidiary or, as the case may be, of that Board regarding the securities of any of those bodies, and

(d) the right to any money owed on that day to that

Company or subsidiary or, as the case may be, to that Board by any of those bodies, and

(e) the liability represented by any money owed on that

day by that Company or subsidiary or, as the case may be, by that Board to any of those bodies, and

if) any rights and liabilities of that Company on that day in

connection with B.R.. Federation Limited, and

ig) any rights and liabilities of the Holding Company by

virtue of paragraph 5(a) or (d) of Schedule 5 to the Act of 1962,

shall, subject to subsection (3) of this section, be transferred to, and by virtue of this Act vest in, the Freight Corporation.

(2) The Minister may by order made not later than the appointed day aforesaid add to Part I or Part II of the said Schedule 3 any body not for the time being listed in that Part if the Minister is satisfied—

(a) that the activities of the body are similar to those of the

bodies for the time being listed in one or other of those Parts; and

(b) that the Holding Company or a wholly-owned subsidiary

of that Company or, as the case may be, the Railways Board are for the time being the beneficial owners of any securities of that body.

(3) Where any of the securities aforesaid are beneficially owned as mentioned in paragraph (a) or ( ) of subsection (1) of this section but held by a nominee, that subsection shall operate only to transfer the beneficial interest in the securities;

3X4

2102

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part I and paragraphs (d) and (e) of that subsection shall not apply to money owed in the ordinary course of trading.

(4) The rights and liabilities of the Holding Company under such agreements for the rendering of personal services by persons who immediately before the appointed day aforesaid are employed by the Holding Company as may be determined in accordance with arrangements agreed between that Company and the Corporation before that day or, in default of such' agreement, in accordance with such arrangements as die Minister may before that day direct, shall on that day be transferred to, and by virtue of this Act vest in, the Corporation.

(5) Paragraph 2(3) and (4) of Schedule 4 to this Act shall apply to any transfer under subsection (4) of this section, and paragraphs 7 to 13 of that Schedule shall apply to any transfer under that subsection or subsection (1) of this section.

Formation by Railways Board of, and transfer to Freight Corporation of shares in, subsidiary companies.

5.—(1) The Railways Board shall take steps to the satisfaction of the Minister to effect, not later than two days before the appointed day for the purposes of the transfer referred to in subsection (3)(b) of this section, the separation from the remainder of their undertaking of those parts thereof concerned respectively with—

(a) the carriage of freightliner containers and other high

capacity containers (other than container traffic consigned from private railway sidings); and

(b) the following activities, namely—

(i) the carriage of the freight traffic commonly known as rail sundries traffic; and

(ii) the collection and delivery of goods by road otherwise than by way of such carriage as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection,

but excluding the provision of rail vehicles for, and the haulage by rail of, the containers referred to in paragraph (a) or, as the case may be, the traffic referred to in paragraph (h)(i) of this subsection; and the Board shall from time to time furnish the Minister with such information as he may require with respect to the property, rights and liabilities which the Board propose to treat as included in each respectively of those parts of their undertaking, and the Minister may give directions to the Board as to the property, rights and liabilities to be so treated.

(2) The Railways Board shall secure that, not later than two days before the appointed day aforesaid, two wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Board are formed of which—

(a) one (hereafter in this section referred to as " the freight-liner company") shall be formed with the object of

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2103

carrying on such activities as are mentioned in subsection (l)(a) of this section; and

(b) the other (hereafter in this section referred to as " the freight sundries company ") shall be formed with the object of carrying on such activities as are mentioned in subsection (l)(b) of this section;

and all securities of those companies shall be issued, as the Railways Board may direct (after consultation, in the case of fifty-one per cent, in nominal value of the securities of the freightliner company and in the case of all the securities of the freight sundries company, with the Freight Corporation), to the Board or to such other person or persons as the Board may nominate to hold them.

(3) Subject to subsection (4) of this section—

(a) on the day before the appointed day aforesaid there

shall be transferred to, and by virtue of this Act vest in, the freightliner company and the freight sundries company respectively all the property, rights and liabilities comprised in the part of the Railways Board's undertaking referred to in paragraph (a) or, as the case may be, paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section; and

(b) on the appointed day there shall be transferred to, and

by virtue of this Act vest in, the Freight Corporation the aforesaid fifty-one per cent, of the securities of the freightliner company and all the securities of the freight sundries company.

(4) Schedule 4 to this Act shall apply to any transfer under paragraph (a), and paragraphs 7 to 13 of that Schedule shall apply to any transfer under paragraph (b), of subsection (3) of this section, and the said paragraph (a) shall have effect subject to the provisions of that Schedule; and, in the case of any securities held by any person other than the Railways Board, the said paragraph (b)shall operate only to transfer the beneficial interest in those securities.

(5) For the period of five years beginning with the appointed day aforesaid the Minister may make to the Freight Corporation grants of such amount for each respectively of those years payable in such manner as the Minister may with the approval of the Treasury determine towards any loss which it is estimated will be incurred in that year by the Corporation or the freight sundries company in the carrying on of such activities as are referred to in subsection (1 )(b) of this section; but the aggregate amount of those grants shall not exceed £60 million.

3 X*

Part I

2104

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part I

The Freight

Integration

Council.

The Freight Integration Council

6.—(1) There shall be established in accordance with this section a Freight Integration Council, and, without prejudice to section 162(2) of this Act, it shall be the duty of the Council to consider any matter relating to the provision and operation by the relevant transport authorities (that is to say, the Freight Corporation, the Railways Board, the Docks Board, the Waterways Board, the Scottish Group, the British Overseas Airways Corporation, the British European Airways Corporation, the British Airports Authority and the Postmaster General) and by the subsidiaries of those authorities of an integrated freight transport service, being a matter—

(a) which is referred to the Council for their consideration

by the Minister or by any of the relevant transport authorities or, being a matter relating to the Scottish Group, by the Secretary of State; or

(b) which appears to the Council without any such reference

to be a matter which requires or may require consideration by the Minister or, being a matter relating to the Scottish Group, by the Secretary of State,

and, where it appears to the Council to be desirable, to make recommendations with respect to that matter to the Minister, and, where that matter relates to the Scottish Group, to the Secretary of State; and—

(i) the Minister may give to the Freight Corporation, the

Railways Board, the Docks Board or the Waterways Board, and

(ii) the Secretary of State may give to the Scottish Group, such directions as appear to him to be requisite in consequence of any recommendation of the Council.

(2) The Council shall consist of—

(a) a chairman and not more than four other members

appointed by the Minister from among persons appearing to him to have had wide experience of, and to have shown capacity in, industrial, commercial, financial or economic matters, applied science, or administration;

(b) the chairman of the Freight Corporation;

(c) the chairman of the Railways Board; and

(d) two members who shall be appointed by the Minister—

(i) after consultation with such as appear to him to be appropriate of any organisations appearing to him to represent a substantial number of persons in relevant employment, that is to say, persons who

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2105

are, or who are due on a transfer and vesting by virtue of this Act of any property, rights or liabilities to become, employed by, or by a subsidiary of, the Railways Board or the Freight Corporation; and

(ii) from among persons appearing to him to have had wide experience of, and to have shown capacity in, the organisation of persons in such employment;

and if any matter affecting any other of the relevant transport authorities arises for consideration by the Council, the Council, except where that authority is the Postmaster General, may invite the chairman of that authority to act as a member of the Council in considering that matter or, where that authority is the Postmaster General, may invite him to appoint a representative so to act.

(3) The Minister may, if he thinks fit, appoint any other person (who shall not be or act as a member of the Council) to assist the Council in their work.

(4) The persons appointed under subsection (2 or (d) of this section shall hold and vacate office in accordance with their terms of appointment and shall, on ceasing to hold office, be eligible for reappointment; but any such person may at any time by notice in writing to the Minister resign his office.

(5) Any person whom the Minister proposes to appoint under subsection (2)(a) or id) of this section shall, if requested by the Minister so to do, furnish to the Minister such information as the Minister may consider necessary for the purpose of satisfying himself that that person will have no such financial or other interest as is likely to affect prejudicially the discharge by that person of his functions as a member of the Council.

(6) The Minister may pay to the persons appointed by him under subsection (2)(a) or id) or subsection (3) of this section such remuneration and such travelling allowances and allowances in respect of out-of-pocket expenses as the Minister may with the approval of the Treasury determine; and the Minister shall provide the Council with such officers and servants, and such accommodation, as appear to him to be requisite for the proper discharge of the Council’s functions.

(7) The Council shall make an annual report to the Minister with respect to the discharge of their functions under this section, and the Minister shall lay a copy of any such report before each House of Parliament

(8) Section 55 of the Act of 1962 (which provides for the establishment of a Nationalised Transport Advisory Council) shall cease to have effect, and accordingly that Council shall cease to exist and any appointment of any person under that section shall terminate.

3 X. 2

Part I

2106

Transport Act 1968

Part I

Transfer schemes by authorities.

Ch. 73

Redistribution of activities between Freight Corporation and Railways Board or Scottish Group

7.—(1) Subject to subsection (4) of this section, the Railways Board, or the Freight Corporation, or that Board and Corporation acting jointly, may as occasion seems to them to require it make schemes—

(a) for the reorganisation, amalgamation or dissolution of

any of the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the authority, or, as the case may be, of either of the authorities, by whom the scheme is made;

(b) for the transfer of any specified property, rights or lia-

bilities, or of all property, rights and liabilities comprised in a specified part of their undertaking, from one to another of the following bodies, namely, the Board, the Corporation and any wholly-owned subsidiary of the Board or Corporation.

(2) Subject to subsection (4) of this section, the Freight Corporation and the Scottish Group acting jointly may as occasion seems to them to require it make schemes for the transfer of any specified property, rights or liabilities, or all property, rights and liabilities comprised in a specified part of their undertaking, from one to another of the following bodies, namely, the Freight Corporation, the Scottish Group and any wholly-owned subsidiary of that Corporation or Group; and in relation to a scheme under this subsection any reference in subsection (4) or (5) of this section to the Minister shall be construed as a reference to the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly.

(3) Any scheme under subsection (1) or (2) of this section may contain such supplementary, incidental and consequential provision as may appear to the authority or authorities making it to be necessary or expedient

(4) A scheme under this section shall not come into force unless it has been approved by the Minister or until such date as the Minister may in giving his approval specify; and the Minister may approve a scheme either without modification or with such modifications as, after consultation with the authority or authorities by whom the scheme was prepared, he thinks fit; but without prejudice to his powers under section 8 of this Act the Minister shall not approve any such scheme which makes provision—

(a) for a transfer of any property, rights or liabilities which it appears to him would materially prejudice the proper discharge by the Railways Board or the Freight Corporation of their respective duties under the Act of 1962 or this Act; or

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2107

(b) for altering the proportion of the interests to which Part I that Board and that Corporation respectively are entitled in the company formed by virtue of section 5(2)(a) of this Act.

(5) Where in the case of a scheme made by virtue of subsection (l)(h) or subsection (2) of this section the Minister in approving the scheme under subsection (4) of this section certifies that the scheme is approved as giving effect to conclusions reported under section 45 of this Act or to a direction given under subsection

(5) of that section or under section 6(1) of this Act. then, subject to subsection (7) of this section, the property, rights and liabilities in question shall on the daite of the coming into force of the scheme be transferred, and by virtue of this Act vest, in accordance with the scheme.

(6) Subject to subsection (7) of this section, in the case of any scheme made by virtue of subsection (l)(h) or subsection (2) of this section to which subsection (5) thereof does not apply, the property, rights and liabilities in question shall on die date of the coming into force of the scheme be transferred, and by virtue of the scheme vest, in accordance with the scheme.

(7) Schedule 4 to this Act—

(a) shall apply to any transfer under subsection (5) of this

section; and

(b) shall apply to any transfer under subsection (6) of

this section subject to any reference in that Schedule to a vesting by virtue of this Act being construed as a reference to a vesting by virtue of the scheme in question;

and the said subsection (5) or (6V shall have effect subject to the provisions of that Schedule; and in the application of any provision of that Schedule to a transfer affecting the Scottish Group, any reference in that provision to the Minister shall be construed as a reference to the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly.

8.—(1) Subject to subsection (6) of this section, the Minister Transfer

may by order— by

J .... Minister.

(a) transfer from one to the other any functions of the

Freight Corporation or the Railways Board in connection with the carriage of goods, and for that purpose amend any of the enactments relating to those functions;

(b) make any such provision with respect to, or to any

wholly-owned subsidiary of, either of those authorities as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (1) or paragraph (b) of subsection (4) of section 7 of this Act.

3 X. 3

2108

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part I (2) Subject to subsection (6) of this section, the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly may by order make any such provision with respect to, or to any wholly-owned subsidiary of, the Freight Corporation or the Scottish Group as is mentioned in section 7(2) of this Act; and in relation to an order under this subsection any reference in subsection (3) or (6) of this section to the Minister shall be construed as a reference to the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly.

(3) Any order under subsection (1) or (2) of this section may contain such supplementary, incidental and consequential provision as may appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient.

(4) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, in the case of an order under subsection (1) of this section making such provision as is mentioned in section 7(1)(£>) of this Act, and in the case of an order under subsection (2) of this section, the property, rights and liabilities in question shall on such date as may be appointed for the purpose by the order be transferred, and by virtue of this Act vest, in accordance with the order.

(5) Schedule 4 to this Act shall apply to any transfer under subsection (4) of this section and that subsection shall have effect subject to the provisions of that Schedule; and in the application of any provision of that Schedule to a transfer affecting the Scottish Group, any reference in that provision to the Minister shall be construed as a reference to die Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly.

(6) The power to make orders under this section shall not be exercisable so as to cause all or substantially all of the functions of the Freight Corporation in connection with the carriage of goods by land to become functions of the Railways Board or wholly-owned subsidiaries of that Board, or to cause all or substantially all of the functions of the Railways Board in connection with the carriage of goods by rail to become functions of the Freight Corporation or wholly-owned subsidiaries of that Corporation; and before making any order under this section the Minister shall—

(a) consult with the following persons, namely—

(i) the Freight Corporation;

(ii) in the case of an order under subsection (1) of this section, the Railways Board;

(iii) in the case of an order under subsection (2) of this section, the Scottish Group;

(iv) the Freight Integration Council;

(v) such other persons, if any, as the Minister may think fit, and

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2109

(b) lay a draft of the proposed order before each House Part I of Parliament,

and the order shall not be made unless the draft thereof so laid has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

Part H

Passenger Transport Areas

Designation of Passenger Transport Areas and establishment and functions of Authorities and Executives 9.—(1) If in the case of any area in Great Britain outside Passenger Greater London the Minister considers it expedient for the Transport purpose of securing the provision of a properly integrated and Authorities efficient system of public passenger transport to meet the needs of and that area, then, subject to subsection (2) of this section, the Executives. Minister may by order designate that area for the purposes of this Part of this Act by such name as may be specified in the order and shall by that order provide for the establishment of the following bodies for that area, namely—

(a) a Passenger Transport Authority (hereafter in this

Part of this Act referred to in relation to that area as "the Authority") constituted in accordance with Part I of Schedule 5 to this Act from—

(i) persons appointed by local authorities whose areas fall wholly or partly within the area designated by the order (hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to in relation to that area as " councils of constituent areas"), being councils of counties, county boroughs or county districts or, in Scotland, county or town councils; and

(ii) persons appointed by the Minister;

(b) a Passenger Transport Executive (hereafter in this

Part of this Act referred to in relation to that area as " the Executive ") which shall be a body corporate with perpetual succession and a common seal consisting of—

(i) a Director General appointed in accordance with Part II of the said Schedule 5 by the Authority; and

(ii) not less than two nor more than eight other members so appointed by the Authority after consultation with die Director General;

and any area designated by an order under this subsection is hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to as a " designated

OMA ft

3 X. 4

2110

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part II

(2) Before making any order under subsection (1) of this section, the Minister shall consult with every such local authority as aforesaid—

(a) the whole or part of whose area falls within the area

designated by the order; or

(b) whose area is contiguous with the area so designated;

and the Minister shall not make such an order until he is satisfied that a reasonable opportunity to make representations with respect to the area to be designated by the order has been afforded to any person providing road passenger transport services by stage carriages within or to and from that area and has considered any representations made by any such person while that opportunity remains available; but in the case of an order made under the said subsection (1) by virtue of section 157 of this Act for the purpose of varying or revoking a previous order under that subsection, unless the variation or revocation affects a provision of that previous order with respect to the limits of the designated area—

(i) paragraph (b) of this subsection shall not apply; and

(ii) the Minister shall not be required to be satisfied as aforesaid.

(3) In the case of each designated area it shall be the general duty—

(a) of the Authority so to exercise and perform the functions

with respect to the general policy to be followed by the Executive conferred on the Authority by the provisions of this Part of this Act, and

(b) of the Executive so to exercise and perform their

functions under this Part of this Act and section 24(2) thereof with respect to the provision of passenger transport services,

as to secure or promote the provision of a properly integrated and efficient system of public passenger transport to meet the needs of that area with due regard to the town planning and traffic and parking policies of the councils of constituent areas and to economy and safety of operation; but this subsection shall not be construed as imposing, either directly or indirectly, any form of duty or liability enforceable by proceedings before any court to which the Authority or Executive would not otherwise be subject.

(4) Subject and without prejudice to the express provisions of this section and Parts I and II of Schedule 5 to this Act, any order under subsection (1) of this section shall include—

(a) such provision with respect to any of the matters referred to in Part III of that Schedule, and

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

(b) such supplementary, incidental and consequential provision,

as appears to the Minister to be necessary or expedient.

(5) Each of the councils of constituent areas and each of the following bodies namely, the Authority, the Executive and any subsidiary of the Executive, shall have power to enter into and carry out agreements with one another for the giving of assistance by that council to that body or, as the case may be, by that body to that council by way of making available to the assisted party any services or facilities provided by, or any property of, die assisting party.

(6) In relation to any area in Scodand or Wales, any reference to the Minister in any provision of this Part of this Act or Schedule 5 or 6 thereto other than sections 20(6) and (7) and 21(5) shall be construed as a reference to the Secretary of State.

10.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Executive General for a designated area shall have power— powers of

(i) to carry passengers by road within, to and from that Executlvc* area;

<ii> to carry passengers by any other form of land transport or by any form of water transport (including in either case hovercraft) between places in that area or between such places and any place outside that area but within the permitted distance, that is to say, the following distance from the nearest point on the boundary of that area, namely—

(i a)in the case of such an other form of land transport, such distance not exceeding twenty-five miles as may be specified in the order with respect to that area under section 9(1) of this Act or, if no distance is so specified, the distance of twenty-five miles;

(b) in the case of any form of water transport, such distance as may be specified as aforesaid;

(iii) so far as the Executive consider requisite—

(a) in connection with the exercise of their powers under paragraph (i) or (ii) of this subsection, or

(b) in order to avoid an interruption of existing services which would otherwise result from an exercise by them of any of their functions under this Part of this Act,

to cany passengers as mentioned in the said paragraph (i) or (ii) between places outside that area;

(iv) in any vehicle or vessel used for the carriage of passengers in pursuance of paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii)

2111

Part II

2112

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part II

of this subsection, or in a trailer drawn by any vehicle so used, to carry also luggage and other goods;

(v) to store within that area goods which have been or are

to be carried by the Executive, and, so far as any premises provided for the purposes of that or any other part of their business are not required for those purposes, to use them to provide facilities for the storage of other goods;

(vi) to make payments to the Railways Board in respect of railway passenger services provided by the Board for meeting the needs of persons travelling within that area or between places in that area and places outside that area but within the permitted distance for the purposes of paragraph (ii) of this subsection;

(vii) with the approval of the Authority, to make arrangements with any person providing passenger transport services by air for the provision of such services between places in that area or between such places and places outside that area, and to include in such arrangements provision for the making of payments to that person by the Executive;

(viii) to let passenger vehicles on hire with or without trailers for the carriage of goods;

(ix) where an undertaking has been—

(a) transferred to the Executive under subsection

(1) of section 17 of this Act; or

(b) wholly or partly resumed by the Executive under subsection (2 )(b) of the said section 17; or

(c) acquired by the Executive otherwise than under the said section 17,

to carry on (but, in a case falling within sub-paragraph

(c) of this paragraph, only with the approval of the Authority) any activities which the Executive would not otherwise have power to carry on but which were carried on by that undertaking immediately before the date of that transfer, the date of the disposal which gave rise to that resumption, or the date of that acquisition, as the case may be;

(x) in places where persons using the services and facili-

ties provided by the Executive may require them, to provide both for those and other persons facilities for the purchase and consumption of food and drink, places of refreshment and such other amenities or facilities as it may appear to the Executive requisite or expedient to provide;

(xi) at any place where the Executive, in the exercise of their powers under paragraph (x) of this subsection.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2113

provide a car park, to repair motor vehicles for any persons, and to sell to any persons petrol, oil and spare parts and accessories for motor vehicles, whether or not those persons are using the car park;

(xii) to provide interchange facilities for the purpose of enabling passengers travelling by one means of transport to continue their journey by another;

(xiii) subject to section 15(2) of this Act, to demand, take and recover or waive such charges for the services and facilities provided by them, and to make the use of those services and facilities subject to such terms and conditions, as they think fit, so, however, that, without prejudice to any other limitation on the power conferred by this paragraph subsisting by virtue of subsection (7) of this section, this paragraph shall not be construed as entitling the Executive to carry passengers by any form of land or water transport on terms or conditions which—

(a) purport, whether directly or indirectly, to exclude or limit their liability in respect of the death of, or bodily injury to, any passenger; or

(b) purport, whether directly or indirectly, to prescribe the time within which or the manner in which any such liability may be enforced;

(xiv) to construct, manufacture, produce, purchase, maintain and repair anything required for the purposes of their business;

(xv) to enter into and carry out agreements with any person for the carrying on by that person, whether as agent for the Executive or otherwise, of any activities which the Executive have power to carry on, and in particular for the provision of combined services for the through carriage of passengers or goods, for the quoting of through rates, and for the pooling of receipts or expenses, to include in any such agreement provision for the making of payments to that person by the Executive, and to enter into any such agreement notwithstanding that it involves the delegation of functions of the Executive under any enactment relating to part of their undertaking;

(xvi) with the approval of the Authority and the consent of the Minister, to make with any person with whom they have entered into an agreement under paragraph (xv) of this subsection for the carrying on by that person of any activities arrangements for the transfer from the Executive to that person in such manner and on such terms as may be provided for by the arrangements

Part II

2114

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part II

of any part of the undertaking or property of the Executive relevant to the carrying on of those activities;

(xvii) to acquire by agreement any undertaking or part of an undertaking if the assets comprised in that undertaking or part are wholly or mainly assets which the Executive require for the purposes of their business;

(xviii) for the purposes of the business of the Executive, to lend money to, or give a guarantee for the benefit of, any person for the purposes of an undertaking carried on by that person, or, where that person is a body corporate, by any undertaking carried on by a subsidiary of that body corporate;

(xix) for the purposes of the business of the Executive, to form, promote and assist, or join with any other person in forming, promoting and assisting, a company for carrying on any activities which the Executive have power to carry on, and, where that company is a subsidiary of the Executive, to transfer to that company any part of the undertaking or property of the Executive, and to subscribe for or acquire by agreement any securities of any body corporate;

(xx) to acquire land by agreement—

(a) for the purposes of their business; or

(b) with the approval of the Authority, for the purpose of adding it to and disposing of it with other contiguous land of theirs of which they propose to dispose;

txxi) to develop their land for the purposes of their business in such manner as they may think fit;

(xxii) with the approval of the Authority—

(a) to develop for use by other persons any part of their land which is not required for the purposes of their business; or

(b) where the use of their land for the purposes of their business can be combined with its use for other purposes, to develop the land by constructing or adapting buildings thereon for use wholly or partly by other persons; and

(c) where they propose to develop any of their land as mentioned in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of this paragraph, to acquire by agreement adjoining land for the purpose of developing it together with the other land.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2115

with a view to selling or otherwise disposing of any right or interest in the land or, as the case may be, the buildings or any part of the buildings, after the development is carried out;

(xxiii) subject, in the case of a disposal of land, to the approval of the Authority, to dispose (whether absolutely or for a terms of years) of any property which in their opinion is not required to be retained by them for the purposes of the discharge of their duty under section 9(3) of this Act, and, in particular, to dispose of an interest in, or right over, any property which, subject to the interest or right, is retained by them;

(xxiv) to do anything for the purposes of advancing the skill of persons employed by them or the efficiency of their equipment or of the manner in which that equipment is operated, including the provision by the Executive, and the assistance of the provision by others, of facilities for training, education and research;

(xxv) to provide houses, hostels and other like accommodation for persons employed by them;

(xxvi) to make loans to persons employed by them for the purpose of assisting those persons to acquire housing accommodation, and to guarantee loans made by building societies and other bodies to such persons for that purpose;

(xxvii) to invest any sums which are not immediately required by them for the purposes of their business;

(xxviii) to turn their resources to account so far as not required for the purposes of their business;

(xxix) with the approval of the Authority, to promote or oppose any Bill in Parliament;

(xxx) to establish and administer pension schemes and pension funds in the interest of persons who are or have been employed by the Executive and to pay pensions to or in respect of such persons, or to enter into and carry into effect agreements or arrangements with any other person for securing or preserving pension rights for such persons;

(xxxi) to provide for any person technical advice or assistance, including research services, as respects any matter in which the Executive have skill or experience;

(xxxii) to do all other things which in their opinion are necessary to facilitate the proper carrying on of their business.

Part II

2116

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part II

1946 c. 49.

1919 c. 75.

1937 c. 28.

(2) For the purposes of paragraphs (v), (x), (xiv) and (xxiv) to (xxvi) of subsection (1) of this section, goods carried by, services and facilities provided by, things required for the purposes of the business of, and persons employed by, a subsidiary of the Executive or, for the purposes of the said paragraphs (v), (x) and (xiv), by a person providing bus services in the area under an agreement with the Executive or with the consent of the Executive granted under Schedule 6 to this Act shall be deemed to be goods carried by, services and facilities provided by, things required for the purposes of the business of, or persons employed by, that Executive.

(3) If the Authority for a designated area so request in writing, the Minister may authorise the Executive for that area to purchase compulsorily any land which the Executive or any wholly-owned subsidiary of theirs require for the purposes of their business, and the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946 shall apply as if the Executive were a local authority within the meaning of that Act, and as if this Act had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act

(4) The power of purchasing land compulsorily in subsection

(3) of this section shall include power to acquire an easement or other right in, over or under land by the creation of a new right; but this subsection shall not apply to an easement or other right in, over or under any land which would for the purposes of the said Act of 1946 form part of a common, open space or fuel or field garden allotment.

(5) The Ferries (Acquisition by Local Authorities) Act 1919 shall apply to the Executive for a designated area as if the Executive were within the meaning of that Act a local authority for that area.

(6) Part I of the Harbours, Piers and Ferries (Scotland) Act 1937 shall apply to the Executive for a designated area as if that area were a county and the Executive were the council of that county.

(7) Each of the powers conferred by the foregoing provisions of this section shall be deemed to be in addition to, and not in derogation of, any other of them; but it is hereby declared that those provisions relate only to the capacity of the Executive for a designated area as a statutory corporation and nothing in those provisions shall be construed as authorising the disregard by the Executive of any enactment or rule of law, or any requirement of this Part of this Act as to the approval of the Authority or the consent of the Minister for a particular exercise of any of those powers.

(8) It shall be the duty of an Executive who have a subsidiary to exercise their control over the subsidiary so as to ensure that

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2117

the subsidiary does not engage in activities in which the Executive have no power to engage (including activities in which the Executive have no power to engage because any requisite consent or approval has not been obtained).

(9) In the application of subsections (3) and (4) of this section to Scotland there shall be substituted—

(a) for the references to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946 references to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act 1947; and

(b) for the references to an easement references to a servitude;

and the reference in the said subsection (4) to a fuel or field garden allotment shall be omitted.

11.—(1) The Executive for a designated area shall so perform their functions under this Act as to ensure so far as practicable that the cumulative net balance of the consolidated revenue account of the Executive and any subsidiaries of theirs does not show a deficit at the end of any accounting period of the Executive after taking into account any amount which, at the date when that period ends, has been specified in a notice under section 13(3) of this Act in respect of expenditure incurred before that date but has not yet been received by the Executive.

(2) In respect of each accounting period of the Executive, the Executive shall charge to revenue account, and secure that any subsidiary of theirs so charges, all charges which are proper to be made to revenue account, including, in particular, proper provision for the depreciation or renewal of assets.

(3) The Executive may make charges to capital account representing interest on expenditure of a capital nature for any period which ends with or before the end of the accounting period in which the project or scheme to which the expenditure relates is completed.

(4) The Executive shall from time to time, at such times, in such form and manner, and as respects such periods, as the Minister may after consultation with the Authority require, submit to the Minister a statement approved by die Authority of the Executive’s proposals for expenditure on capital account by the Executive and any subsidiaries of theirs; and—

(a) the Minister may from time to time by notice in writing

to the Executive impose a limit on such expenditure by the Executive and their subsidiaries; and

(b) the Executive shall secure that any such expenditure is

restricted within that limit

Part II

1946 c. 49.

1947 c. 42.

Financial duty of Executive.

2118

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part II

Borrowing powers of Executive.

(5) If any of the councils of constituent areas so request the Executive in writing, the Executive shall send to that council a copy of any statement submitted by the Executive to the Minister under subsection (4) of this section.

12.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect with respect to borrowing by the Executive for a designated area.

(2) The Executive may borrow temporarily, by way of overdraft or otherwise, from any person such sums as they may require for meeting their obligations and discharging their functions under this Part of this Act; but the Executive shall ensure that the aggregate of the amounts outstanding in respect of any temporary loans raised by the Executive under this subsection or raised by any subsidiary of the Executive does not at any time exceed such amount as the Authority for the area may for the time being have approved.

(3) The Executive may. with the approval of the Authority for the area, borrow otherwise than by way of temporary loan from any person and in any manner such sums as the Executive may require for all or any of the following purposes, namely—

(a) for meeting any expenses properly chargeable to capi-

tal. being expenses incurred in connection with the provision or improvement of assets in connection with their business;

(b) for the provision of working capital;

(c) for acquiring an undertaking or part of an undertaking;

(d) for the making of any payment which they are required

by or under this Part of this Act to make by way of compensation or by way of such contributions as are mentioned in section 17(2)(g) of this Act;

(e) for subscribing for or acquiring securities of a body

corporate otherwise than by way of investment;

(/) for the payment of interest charged to capital account under section 11(3) of this Act;

(g) to pay off any debt incurred by the Executive or any

liability assumed by or transferred to the Executive in pursuance of this Part of this Act;

(h) for making any loan, or fulfilling any guarantee given.

in pursuance of the powers conferred by section lOQXxviii) of this Act;

(j) for any purpose for which capital moneys are properly applicable, whether or not specified in the foregoing paragraphs of this subsection;

and the Executive shall exercise their control over any subsidiary of theirs so as to ensure that the subsidiary does not borrow

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2119

otherwise than by way of temporary loan from any person with- Part n out the approval of the Authority or for any purpose other than purposes of the subsidiary such as are specified in paragraphs

(a) to (e) and (/) of this subsection or for paying off any debt incurred by the subsidiary.

(4) Each of the councils of constituent areas shall have power to lend money to the Executive and, with the consent of the Minister, to borrow money for that purpose; and where any sum is borrowed by such a council by virtue of this subsection—

(a) the council shall ensure so far as it is reasonably

practicable to do so that having regard to all the circumstances existing at the time when the loan to the Executive is made the rate of interest agreed with the Executive is such that no loss is incurred by the council in respect of that loan to the Executive;

(b) it shall be lawful for the council to suspend for such

period as they may think fit any annual provision required to be made by virtue of any enactment for the time being in force for the repayment of that sum.

(5) All moneys borrowed by the Executive shall be charged indifferently on all their revenues, and all securities created by the Executive shall rank equally without any priority; but nothing in this subsection shall—

(a) apply to any money borrowed by way of temporary

loan without security; or

(b) affect any right to priority conferred by a security for

any liability assumed by or transferred to the Executive in pursuance of this Act

(6) The provisions of this section shall have effect subject

to any order made under section 1 of the Borrowing (Control 1946 c. 58. and Guarantees) Act 1946, and for the purposes of that Act and any such order the Executive shall be deemed to be a local authority within the meaning of that Act.

(7) The Executive shall be deemed to be a local authority for the purposes of—

(a) the enactments relating to loans by or borrowing from

the Public Works Loan Commissioners;

(b) section 203 of the Local Government Act 1933 and 1933 c. 51.

section 278 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947 c. 43. 1947 (which relieve lenders from making certain inquiries).

2120

Part II Power for Authority to precept for Executive.

1967 c. 9.

Ch. 73 Transport Act 1968

13.—(1) Subject to subsection (4) of this section, the Authority for a designated area may issue precepts to those councils of constituent areas who are rating authorities for the levying of rates by those rating authorities to produce such sums respectively as may be determined by the Authority in accordance with subsection (2) of this section, being sums of such aggregate amount as the Authority think fit—

(a) towards any deficit which has been, or which, on the

basis of estimates by the Executive which have been approved by the Authority, it is estimated will be, incurred in respect of any accounting period of the Executive on the revenue account of the Executive, or on the combined revenue accounts of the Executive and any subsidiaries of theirs, other than any part of that deficit which is the subject of an undertaking given by the Authority under section 15(3) of this Act;

(b) towards the implementation of any such undertaking as aforesaid;

and each of those rating authorities shall pay the amount due under the precept to the Executive.

(2) Any such precept shall be so issued as to require the levying in each rating area falling wholly or partly within the designated area of a rate of such amount in the pound as will produce an amount bearing to the aggregate amount required by the Authority the same proportion as the product of a rate of one penny in the pound for so much of that rating area as falls within the designated area bears to the product of such a rate for the whole of the designated area; and the rating authority for a rating area which falls only partly within the designated area may, as they think fit, levy rates to satisfy the precept either on the whole of the rating area or only on such part thereof as falls within the designated area.

(3) The Authority shall from time to time by notice in writing to the Executive specify the amounts for which the Authority propose to issue precepts under this section in respect of expenditure incurred during any accounting period.

(4) The Minister may by order made either generally or as respects a particular designated area restrict the aggregate amount for which the Authority may issue precepts under this section during any accounting period or series of accounting periods of the Executive.

(5) The power of the Minister of Housing and Local Government to make rules under section 113 of the General Rate Act 1967 shall include power to make rules with respect to precepts under this section.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2121

(6) Section 11 of the General Rate Act 1967 shall not apply Part II to a precept under this section; and section 15 of that Act shall 1967 c. 9. have effect for the purposes of such a precept as if any reference

in that section to the precepting authority were a reference to the Executive.

(7) Expenditure by any rating authority to meet a precept under this section shall not be relevant expenditure of that authority for the purposes of section 1 of the Local Government 1966 c. 42. Act 1966.

(8) In the application of this section to a rating area in Scotland—

(a) references to a precept shall be construed as references

to a requisition, and references to the issue of a precept for the levying of a rate shall be construed as references to the issue of a requisition to be met by the levying of a rate;

(b) the provisions of Part XI of the Local Government 1947 c. 43.

(Scotland) Act 1947 shall apply to any requisition made or rates levied under this section with such adaptations and modifications as the Secretary of State may by regulations prescribe;

(c) expenditure by any rating authority in paying any requisition under this section shall not be reckonable expenditure of the authority for the purposes of section 2 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1966. 1966 c. 51.

14.—(1) The Executive for a designated area shall— Accounts of

(a) cause proper accounts and other records in relation to Exccutiv’e-

their business to be kept; and

(b) prepare an annual statement of accounts in respect of

such accounting period, in such form, and containing such particulars, compiled in such manner, as the Minister may from time to time direct.

(2) The accounts of the Executive shall be audited by an auditor or auditors to be appointed annually by the Authority for the area, and any person so appointed as auditor shall be either the district auditor or some other person who is a member, or is a firm in Scotland each of the partners wherein is a member, of one or more of the following bodies, namely—

the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales;

the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland;

the Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants;

the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland;

the Institute of Municipal Treasurers and Accountants;

2122

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part II

1948 c. 38.

Further functions of Authority.

any other body, being a body of accountants established in the United Kingdom who are for the time being recognised for the purposes of section 161(l)(a) of the Companies Act 1948 by the Board of Trade;

and any auditor so appointed shall dc entitled to require from any officer of the Executive or of any subsidiary of theirs such books, deeds, contracts, accounts, vouchers, receipts, and other documents, and such information and explanations, as may be necessary for the performance of his duties.

(3) So soon as the accounts of the Executive have been audited as aforesaid, they shall send a copy of the statement of accounts referred to in subsection (1 Mb) of this section to the Minister, to the Authority for the designated area and to each of the councils of constituent areas, together with a copy of the report made by the auditor or auditors on that statement.

15.—(1) The Executive for a designated area shall submit to the Authority and obtain the Authority’s approval of—

(a) any proposal for a major reorganisation of any transport

services provided within or to and from that area;

(b) all annual or other estimates of income and expenditure

prepared by the Executive or any subsidiary of theirs;

(c) any proposal for the development or extension of any

services or facilities provided by the Executive or any subsidiary of theirs or provided in pursuance of arrangements with the Executive which involves a substantial outlay on capital account;

C d)any agreement proposed to be entered into by the

Executive otherwise than under section 20(2) (h) of this Act with the Railways Board for the provision by the Board of any railway passenger services within, or to and from, that area;

(2) The Executive shall obtain the approval of the Authority—

(a) before making, or authorising or consenting to the making of, any alteration in the general level of charges for the transport services or facilities provided by the Executive or any subsidiary of theirs or provided by any person in pursuance of an agreement with the Executive under section 19(2) of this Act; and (b) subject to section 138(1) of this Act, for any proposal of the Executive for reducing or waiving those charges in a particular case or cases of a particular class;

and, without prejudice to subsection (4) of this section, the Authority shall before giving or withholding any approval required by virtue of paragraph (a) of this subsection have regard in particular to the extent to which (their decision will affect

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2123

the amount to be raised by precepts or, in Scotland, requisitions under section 13 of this Act, and, in the case of services or facilities provided in pursuance of such an agreement as is mentioned in the said paragraph ( ), to the terms of the agreement.

(3) If the Authority are satisfied that a particular passenger transport service which the Executive have power to provide is required to meet the needs of their designated area, but the Executive are not willing to provide k or to arrange for its provision because they consider that the cost of providing it would be too high in relation to the contribution which it would make to the needs of the area, the Authority may give the Executive a direction requiring the Executive to provide or secure the provision of that service, and the Executive shall comply with that direction; but on giving any such direction the Authority shall, unless the Executive agree to the contrary in writing, give the Executive a written undertaking to issue a precept under section 13 of this Act to meet any cost incurred by the Executive in consequence of the direction.

(4) The Authority, in exercising or performing any of their functions under this Part of this Act, shall have regard to the duty imposed on the Executive by subsection (1) of section 11 of this Act, to the provisions of subsection (4) of that section, and to any limit on capital expenditure by the Executive and their subsidiaries imposed by the Minister under the said subsection (4).

(5) Any expenditure incurred by the Authority in performing their functions under this Part of this Act shall be defrayed by the Executive.

(6) Notwithstanding anything in this Part of this Act, nothing done by the Executive for a designated area shall be held to be unlawful on the ground that the approval of the Authority for that area to the doing of that thing was required by or under this Part of this Act and that it was done without obtaining that approval; but if it appears to the Authority that the Executive propose to do anything, or have done anything, without the approval of the Authority which in the opinion of the Authority requires that approval, the Authority may, after consultation with the Executive, give to the Executive such directions as appear to the Authority to be appropriate to secure so far as practicable the observance of the rights of the Authority in relation to the doing of that thing, and those directions may include directions to discontinue any specified activity or dispose of any specified assets; and the Executive shall comply with any such directions notwithstanding that they may result in the Executive having to dispose of any assets at a loss or incurring liability to other persons.

Part D

2124

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part n (7) Any approval or direction given by the Authority in pursuance of this Part of this Act shall be given in writing.

Publication of 16.—(1) The Authority for any area designated by an order

annmy report under section 9(1) of this Act shall as soon as practicable after Sd Executive en<* °* eac^ accounting period of the Executive cause to be and prevention prepared jointly by the Authority and the Executive, and to be of improper published in such manner as the Minister may direct, a report conduct of on the exercise and performance by the Authority and the Scd"tiS?r Executive of their respective functions during that period, includ-

a V1 ing in particular any matters which by virtue of paragraph 15 of

Part III of Schedule 5 to this Act are required by the order aforesaid to be dealt with in the report.

(2) Where the activities of the Executive, or any subsidiary of theirs include the carrying on of the business of providing services for the carriage of passengers by road which do not, and if section 19(3)(u) of this Act had not been passed would not* require authorisation by a road service licence, the report under this section for any accounting period shall include a statement of—

(a) the amount, as determined by the Executive, of the

turnover of the Executive or subsidiary for that period in respect of that business;

(b) the extent or approximate extent (expressed in either case in monetary terms) to which, as so determined, the carrying on of that business contributed to, or restricted, the profit or loss of the Executive or subsidiary for that period before taxation;

(c) the method by which any determination for the pur-

poses of paragraph (a) or ( of this subsection was arrived at; and

(i d)such further information, if any, relating to the carrying on by the Executive or subsidiary of that business as the Minister may from time to time direct.

(3) If, where the Executive or any subsidiary of theirs carry on such business as aforesaid, it appears at any time to the Minister that, having regard to all the circumstances appearing to the Minister to be relevant, the charges made for the services aforesaid provided by the Executive or subsidiary are unduly low in comparison with the cost of providing them, the Minister shall, after consultation with the Authority and with the Executive, either—

(a) direct the Executive to make, or, as the case may be, to ensure that the subsidiary makes, such modifications in their or its method of conducting that business as may be specified in the direction; or

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2125

(b) direct the Executive to discontinue, or, as the case may Part n be, to ensure that the subsidiary discontinues, that business.

(4) The Minister may by order provide that subsections (2) and (3) of this section shall apply with or without modifications to any specified business of the Executive or any subsidiary of theirs which appears to the Minister to be of a character only subsidiary or incidental to the discharge of the Executive’s duty under section 9(3) of this Act and to be carried on on a substantial scale as those subsections apply to the business referred to in the said subsection (2).

(5) The Executive shall secure that no subsidiary of theirs carries on any business with respect to which the Minister has given the Executive a direction under subsection (3 of this section.

Reorganisation of passenger transport in Passenger Transport Areas

17.—(1) In the case of each designated area the Minister Transfer to

shall by order make provision— Executive of

; v local authority

(a) with respect to any of the councils of constituent areas transport in the case of whom, on such date as may be appointed undertakings, by the order, either—

(i) the council are carrying on, or are a member of some other body which is carrying on, an undertaking which either is at that date a road passenger transport, ferry or railway undertaking or was on the identifying date (that is to say, 8th December 1967 or a date five years before the date of the making of the order, whichever is the later) comprised in such an undertaking; or

(ii) any of the members of any such other body fall to be appointed by the council,

for the transfer on the date so appointed to the Executive from that council of all interests of that council in such fixed or movable property, and of all such rights and liabilities of that council, as may be determined by or under the order, being property, rights and liabilities which are on the date so appointed, or have at any time since the identifying date been, property used, rights enjoyed or liabilities incurred for or in connection with the purposes of that undertaking;

(b) for the transfer to the Executive (subject to paragraph 11(c) of Part III of Schedule 5 to this Act) of all property, rights and liabilities of, and for the dissolution of, any such other body as aforesaid which may be

2126

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part II

specified in the order, being a body in the case of which in consequence of provision made under paragraph (a) of this subsection no person other than the Executive or persons appointed by the Executive are entitled to be or become members;

(c) for the transfer to the Executive from any of the

councils of constituent areas or any body specified for the purposes of paragraph ( of this subsection of all such powers and duties as may be determined by or under the order, being powers or duties conferred or imposed on that council or body by or under any Act for the purposes of or in connection with any such undertaking as is referred to in paragraph (a) of this subsection;

(d) for the transfer to the service of the Executive of all

such persons as may be determined by or under the order, being persons who immediately before the date appointed as aforesaid are employed by any of the councils of constituent areas or any body specified for the purposes of paragraph (b) of this subsection and who either are on that date or were on the identifying date aforesaid so employed in connection with any such undertaking as is referred to in paragraph (a) of this subsection;

(e) for the protection of the interests of persons transferred

by the order to the service of the Executive.

(2) Any order under subsection (1) of this section may contain such supplementary, incidental and consequential provision as the Minister thinks necessary or expedient for the purposes of the order, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this subsection, may include provision—

(a) for the assumption by any council such as is mentioned

in subsection (l)(a)(i) of this section and by the Executive of such liabilities to one another as may be determined by or under the order to be appropriate having regard to the financial arrangements of that council before the severance of the undertaking so mentioned from the other activities of that council;

(b) for—

(i) the exclusion from transfer to, or the disclaimer by, the Executive of any property acquired or contract entered into for the purposes of any undertaking affected by the order or any variation made in such a contract; or

(ii) the resumption by the Executive of any property, rights or liabilities formerly included in any

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2127

such undertaking which have been disposed of before Part n the transfer date; or

(iii) the resumption by the Executive of any interests in property, rights and liabilities of any of the councils of constituent areas, being property used, rights enjoyed or liabilities incurred for or in connection with the purposes of a road passenger transport, ferry or railway undertaking to which subsection (l)(a) of this section would have applied but for a disposal of the undertaking before the date appointed under the said subsection (1)(«), and whether before or after the making of the order, if the acquisition of that property, the making of that contract or variation, or that disposal, took place after such date as may be specified in the order, not being earlier than the identifying date referred to in the said subsection (1 )(<?), and was not reasonably necessary or expedient for the purposes of the undertaking or was an act of unreasonable imprudence on the part of the person carrying on the undertaking;

(c) for the payment by such of the councils of constituent

areas as are concerned of compensation to any person from whom any property, rights and liabilities are resumed by the Executive by virtue of paragraph (b)(ii) or (iii) of this subsection;

(d) for the settlement by a court or otherwise of any dispute

or other matter arising in connection with the order;

(e) for securing that any undertaking affected by the order

is properly carried on and maintained pending any relevant transfer under the order;

(/) for making in any Act, or in any instrument made under an Act, being an Act or instrument relating to, or to a class of undertakings which includes, any undertaking affected by the order, such modifications or repeals as may appear to the Minister to be required in consequence of any transfer under the order;

(g) for the making by the Executive to any council such as is mentioned in subsection (l)(a)(i) of this section of payments by way of contributions to the cost of any adjustments arising from the severance of the undertaking so mentioned from the other activities of that council.

(3) Section 1(1) to (5) of the Water Officers Compensation 1960 c. 15. Act 1960 (which relates to compensation for loss of employment, etc., attributable to certain orders) shall apply to an order under subsection (1) of this section as it applies to the orders referred to in subsection (1) of that section but as if the definition of "the appropriate Minister " in subsection (4) of that section

3 Y

2128

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part II were omitted and for any other reference in that section to the appropriate Minister there were substituted a reference to the Minister; and the Minister shall exercise as respects any order under subsection (1) of this section the power to make regulations conferred by the said section 1 as applied by this subsection.

(4) Before making an order under subsection (1) of this section with respect to any designated area the Minister shall consult with any such councils of constituent areas as are referred to in paragraph (a), and any such other bodies as are referred to in paragraph (b), of that subsection; and those councils or bodies shall furnish the Minister with such information as he may reasonably require for the purpose of making the order.

(5) Subject to subsection (6) of this section, any property or interests in property, rights and liabilities for the transfer of which provision is made by an order under subsection (1) of this section shall on the date appointed for the purpose by the order be transferred, and by virtue of this Act vest, in accordance with the order.

(6) Schedule 4 to this Act shall apply to any transfer under subsection (5) of this section and that subsection shall have effect subject to the provisions of that Schedule; but—

(a) for the purposes of an order under subsection (1) of

this section with respect to an area in Scotland or Wales, any reference in that Schedule to the Minister shall be construed as a reference to the Secretary of State;

(b) any order under the said subsection (1) may make

modifications in that Schedule for the purposes of its application to a transfer effected by that order.

Planning of

passenger

transport

services in

designated

areas.

18.—(1) Within twelve months or such longer period as the Minister may allow from the date of the establishment of the Authority for a designated area, the Authority and the Executive shall jointly prepare, and the Authority shall cause to be published in such manner as appears to them appropriate for informing persons appearing to them to be likely to be concerned, a statement setting out in general terms the policies which the Authority and the Executive intend to follow, and any action they have taken or propose to take, with a view to the discharge of their duties under section 9(3) of this Act, and that statement shall in particular deal with the following matters, that is to say—

(a) the organisation, and any proposals for the further development, of the Executive’s own undertaking so far as it relates to the provision of passenger transport services within, to and from that area;

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2129

(6) any proposals for the organisation of undertakings trans- Part II ferred to the Executive under section 17 of this Act as subsidiaries of the Executive, and any proposals for associating with the direction of any such subsidiary persons appointed from among members of the councils of the constituent areas in which that subsidiary operates;

(c) the nature of any agreements which the Executive have made or propose to make with, or with any subsidiary of, the Bus Company or Scottish Group for the provision of bus services within, to and from that area, and the extent to which the Executive have made or propose to make such agreements with any other person who is providing such bus services;

id)if the area is an area to which section 20 of this Act applies, any steps taken or proposed to be taken by the Executive for the purpose of discharging their special duty under subsection (2) of that section;

(e) if the area is not an area to which the said section 20 applies, any proposed exercise by the Executive of their powers under section 10(l)(vi) or (xv) of this Act with a view to securing the provision of railway passenger services required to meet the needs of the area;

(/) the financial position and prospects of the Executive;

(g) the steps taken by the Executive to comply with the

requirements of section 137 of this Act;

(h) the state of preparation of the plan required by sub-

section (2) of this section;

(/) the machinery for securing co-ordination between—

(i) the planning and operation of the road passenger transport services to be provided by the Executive or subsidiaries of theirs, or in pursuance of agreements with the Executive, or with the consent of the Executive granted under Schedule 6 to this Act; and

(ii) the preparation and execution by the councils of constituent areas of any plans and policies of those councils with respect to traffic regulation or parking;

and the Authority shall send a copy of the statement prepared by them and the Executive under this subsection to the Minister and to each of the councils of constituent areas.

(2) Not later than two years or such longer period as the Minister may allow from the date of the establishment of the Executive for a designated area, the Executive shall prepare, and the Authority shall cause to be published in such manner

3 Y 2

2130

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part II

Transfer of control of bus services to Executive.

as appears to them appropriate for informing persons appearing to them to be concerned, a plan approved by the Authority describing the proposals of the Executive for the future development of the passenger transport system to be provided for the area in the discharge of the Executive's duty under section 9(3) of this Act; and in preparing that plan the Executive shall have regard to any exercise or proposed exercise by a local planning authority of any of their functions in connection with the development of, or of any area in the vicinity of the Executive's designated area or any part thereof; and the Executive shall send a copy of the plan prepared by them under this subsection to the Minister and to each of the councils of constituent areas.

(3) On causing the statement under subsection (1) or the plan under subsection (2) of this section to be published, the Authority shall also cause to be published in the London Gazette or, in the case of an Authority in Scotland, in the Edinburgh Gazette, and, in either case, in one or more newspapers circulating in their area, notice of the publication of the statement or plan; and that notice shall include particulars of a place at which and the days on which that statement or plan mil be available at all reasonable hours for inspection by any member of the public and of the manner in which further copies of that statement or plan can be purchased or otherwise obtained.

19.—(1) At any time after the Minister has received from the Authority for a designated area a copy of the statement prepared by that Authority and the Executive for that area under section 18(1) of this Act, the Minister may by order direct that this section shall apply to that area as from such date as may be appointed by the order.

(2) As from the date appointed in relation to any area under subsection (1) of this section, no person other than the Executive or a subsidiary of theirs shall provide an area bus service in that area except in pursuance of an agreement with the Executive or, in the case of an existing service within the meaning of Schedule 6 to this Act, with the consent of the Executive granted under that Schedule; but in the case of a service part only of which is operated as an area bus service in that area any provision with respect to the carriage of passengers other than those who are both taken up and set down m that area which is contained in any such agreement shall be of no effect if or so far as it is inconsistent with any condition for the time being attached to any road service licence under which the service is provided.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2131

(3) Notwithstanding anything in Part III of the Act of 1960— Part II

(a) no road service licence shall be required for the provi-

sion of any bus service operated wholly within an area to which this section applies; and

(b) where such a licence is granted in respect of a bus service

operated in part as an area bus service in such an area, no condition shall be attached to the licence with respect to the carriage of passengers who are both taken up and set down in that area;

and, on the day on which this section first applies to any particular designated area, any such licence in force immediately before that date, if or so far as that licence relates to the operation of an area bus service in that area, and any condition attached to such a licence, if or so far as that condition relates to the carriage of passengers who are both taken up and set down in that area, shall cease to have effect.

(4) If any person provides a bus service in contravention of subsection (2) of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200; but in England or Wales proceedings for an offence under this subsection shall not be instituted except by or on behalf of the Director of Public Prosecutions, or by or with the authority of the Executive for a designated area or a chief officer of police.

20.—(1) If in the case of any designated area the Minister Special duty oonsiders that railway passenger services have a particularly certain important contribution to make to the provision of a properly integrated and efficient system of public passenger transport for to railway that area, he may by order direct that this section shall apply passenger to that area. services.

(2) Without prejudice to their general duty under section 9(3) of this Act, it shall be the special duty of the Executive for a designated area to which this section applies—

(a) to review as soon as may be, and subsequently keep

under review, the railway passenger services provided by the Railways Board for meeting the needs of persons travelling between places in that area or between such places and places outside that area but within the permitted distance for the purposes of section 10(l)(ii) of this Act as it applies to that Executive; and

(b) without prejudice to the general powers of the Executive under section 10 of this Act, to enter into such agreements with that Board as the Authority may approve for securing that the Board provide such railway passenger services as the Authority decide to be necessary to ensure that such services make a proper contribution towards the provision for that area of

3 Y 3

2132

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part H

such a system of public passenger transport as is referred to in section 9(1) of this Act.

(3) The Railways Board shall furnish the Executive with any information which the Executive may reasonably require for the purposes of the discharge of their functions under subsection (2) of this section.

(4) Without prejudice to the general power of the Executive under section 10(1 )(vi) of this Act, any agreement under this section may include provision for the making of payments by the Executive to the Railways Board in respect of the railway passenger services provided by the Board in pursuance of the agreement

(5) Before entering into any agreement under this section, the Executive shall send a copy of the proposed agreement to the Minister; but a failure to comply with this subsection shall not affect the validity of the agreement

(6) If any dispute arises between the Executive and the Railways Board in connection with the provisions of subsection (2) or (3) of this section, either of them may require the dispute to be referred to the Minister for determination, and any agreement under the said subsection (2) may include provision for any dispute in connection with the agreement to be so referred; and where any dispute is referred to the Minister under or by virtue of this subsection, then, subject to subsection (7) of this section, the Minister may give such directions to the Executive and the Board with respect to the dispute as he thinks fit.

(7) Before giving any directions under subsection (6) of this section to the Executive for a designated area in Scotland or Wales the Minister shall consult with the Secretary of State.

(8) The Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury and if in any particular case he considers it proper so to do, make grants to the Executive for any designated area to which this section applies towards any expenditure incurred by the Executive by reason of any agreement entered into under subsection (2

of this section; but—

(a) such grants shall be made only in respect of a period falling within the first seven years (or such greater number of years as the Minister may with the approval of the Treasury by order prescribe) from the date fixed for the establishment of that Executive by order under section 9(1) of this Act or the date of the order under subsection (1) of this section applying this section to that designated area, whichever is the later; and

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2133

(b) in the case of any of those years after the first, the per- Part n centage of the aggregate amount of any expenditure incurred as aforesaid in that year represented by any grant in respect of that year shall be less than it was or would have been in the case of the last preceding of those years.

21.—(1) The persons whose representations traffic commis- Provisions as sioners are required by section 135(2) of the Act of 1960 to to functions take into consideration in exercising their discretion to grant oftra®c. or back or to refuse a road service licence in respect of any route and their discretion to attach conditions thereto shall with desig-include— nated areas.

(a) if that route or any part thereof is situated in a designated area, the Executive for that area; and ib) if the Railways Board are providing railway passenger transport facilities along or near to that route or any part thereof in pursuance of an agreement with the Executive for any designated area, that Executive, and, if the licence is granted or backed, subsections (2) and (3) of section 143 of that Act (which confer rights of appeal to the Minister on certain authorities and persons who have made representations or objections to the traffic commissioners in connection with the licence) shall apply to such an Executive as aforesaid as they apply to the authorities and persons mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the said subsection (2) or (3).

(2) If, in the case of any road passenger transport service provided within a designated area to which section 19 of this Act applies, any dispute arises between any of the following persons, namely, the Executive for that area, the person providing that service, and any other person providing road passenger transport services within or to and from that area, as to whether that service is or is not an excursion or tour, that dispute shall, if any party thereto so requests, be referred for determination to the chairman of any appropriate traffic commissioners, whose decision shall be final.

(3) In any proceedings with respect to such a service as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, a certificate of the chairman of any appropriate traffic commissioners that the service is an excursion or tour for which a road service licence is required shall be conclusive evidence of that fact, and any document purporting to be such a certificate shall be accepted in evidence without further proof.

(4) Any agreement made for the purposes of section 19(2) of this Act may contain provision for referring any difference arising between the parties thereto for determination by the chairman of any appropriate traffic commissioners.

3 Y 4

2134

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part II

Provisions as to regulations and orders under Part II.

(5) The Minister may by regulations make provision with respect to the procedure to be followed in connection with any functions conferred on traffic commissioners or their chairman by this section or Schedule 6 to this Act and for prescribing anything required by that Schedule to be prescribed; and the regulations may include—

(a) provision requiring the Executive for a designated area

to furnish the appropriate traffic commissioners with information as to the road passenger transport services provided—

(i) by the Executive or any subsidiary of theirs;

or

(ii) in pursuance of agreements with the Executive; or

(iii) with the consent of the Executive granted under Schedule 6 to this Act;

(b) provision authorising the charging of fees in connection

with the functions aforesaid of any traffic commissioners or their chairman and as to the person by whom any such fee is to be paid;

and any amount received by any traffic commissioners or their chairman by way of fees under the regulations shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund in such manner as the Treasury may direct.

(6) In this section, the expression "appropriate traffic commissioners " means traffic commissioners for an area which includes the designated area or part of a designated area in which the road passenger transport service in question is provided, and references to the chairman of any traffic commissioners include references to any person for the time being appointed to act as his deputy.

General

22.—(1) In relation to orders or regulations made under this Part of this Act, the provisions of this section shall have effect in addition to the provisions of section 157 of this Act.

(2) Any order or regulations made under this Part of this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(3) A person who desires to question any order under section 9(1) or 17(1) of this Act on the ground that there was no power to make the order or that a requirement of this Act was not complied with in relation to the order may within six weeks from the date on which the order is made make an application for the purpose to the High Court or, in Scotland, to the Court of Session.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2135

(4) On an application under subsection (3) of this section with Part n respect to any order, the court—

(a) may by interim order suspend the operation of the order

or of any provision thereof, either generally or so far as may be necessary for the protection of the interests of the applicant, until the final determination of the proceedings; and

(b) if satisfied that there was no power to make the order

or that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by a failure to comply with a requirement of this Act, may quash the order, or any provision thereof, either generally or so far as may be necessary as aforesaid.

(5) Except as provided by this section, an order under the said section 9(1) or 17(1) shall not, either before or after it is made, be questioned in any legal proceedings whatever; but nothing in this subsection shall preclude a person from questioning whether the provisions of paragraph (b) of section 17(2) of this Act are satisfied in the case of any such acquisition of property, making or variation of a contract, or disposal, as is referred to in that paragraph.

(6) In relation to proceedings in Scotland, subsection (4)(a) of this section shall have effect as if the words "by interim order " were omitted.

23.—(1) Section 28 of the Act of 1962 (which contains general Consents of, provisions with respect to Ministerial consents under that Act) or directions shall apply to a consent of the Minister under any provision of tE^tt this Part of this Act to an action of the Executive for a designated area as it applies to a consent under any of the provisions mentioned in the said section 28 to an action of any of the Boards and, where that area is in Scotland or Wales, as if any reference therein to the Minister of Transport included a reference to the Secretary of State.

(2) It shall be the duty of any person to whom the Minister gives directions under this Part of this Act to give effect to those directions.

(3) Any direction given by the Minister under this Part of this Act shall be in writing.

3 Y*

2136

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Establishment and general duties of Bus Company and Scottish Group.

Part HI Bus and Ferry Services

National Bus Company and Scottish Transport Group

24.—(1) There shall be constituted in accordance with Schedule 1 to this Act—

(a) a public authority to be called the National Bus Company (hereafter in this Act referred to as "the Bus Company "); and

(b) a public authority to be called the Scottish Transport Group (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Scottish Group").

(2) Where any area has been designated under section 9(1) of this Act, it shall be the duty—

(a) of the Executive for that area; and

(b) of the Bus Company, or of the Scottish Group, or of

both that Company and that Group (as may be appropriate having regard to where that area is situated), either acting directly, or acting indirectly through subsidiaries of that Company or Group,

to co-operate with one another in the reorganisation of bus services within, to and horn that area, and for that purpose to enter into agreements as to the services to be provided by the Company or Group or their subsidiaries in or in connection with that area, and as to the terms on which those services are to be provided; and any such agreement may include arrangements for the transfer between the parties thereto in such manner and on such terms (including payments by one of the parties to the other) as may be provided for by the agreement of specified property, rights or liabilities.

(3) It shall be the duty respectively—

(a) of the Bus Company and the London Board;

(b) of the Bus Company and the Railways Board;

(c) of the Scottish Group and the Railways Board;

(d) of the Bus Company and the Scottish Group,

either directly, or indirectly through subsidiaries of theirs, to co-operate with one another in the exercise and performance of their respective functions for the purpose of co-ordinating the passenger transport services provided by, or by subsidiaries of, those authorities respectively and to afford to one another such information as to proposed changes in their services as may be reasonably required for that purpose.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2137

(4) Subsections (2) and (3) of this section shall not be construed Part ID as imposing, either directly or indirectly, on any of the authorities mentioned therein any form of duty or liability enforceable by proceedings before any court to which that authority would not otherwise be subject.

25. Subject and without prejudice to the provisions of, or of General any enactment applied by, sections 47 to 52 of this Act, the Bus f?wers of B"* Company shall have power— company.

(a) to carry passengers by road, whether in or outside

England and Wales;

(b) to carry passengers by vessel or hovercraft where that

carriage forms part of a passenger transport service which includes the carriage of passengers by road by the Company or a subsidiary of theirs or by some other person, whether or not as agent for the Company, in pursuance of an agreement with the Company;

(c) where any vehicle or vessel is used for the carriage of

passengers in pursuance of paragraph (a) or (b) of this section, to carry also luggage or other goods in that vehicle or a trailer drawn thereby or in that vessel;

(d) to store goods which have been or are to be carried by the Company in pursuance of paragraph (c) of this section or by a subsidiary of the Company, and, so far as any premises provided for the purposes of that or any other part of their business are not required for those purposes, to use them to provide facilities for the storage of other goods;

(e) to let passenger vehicles for hire with or without trailers for the carriage of goods;

(/) to carry on business as travel agents;

(g) to enter into and carry out agreements with any person

engaged in the provision of transport services, by whatever form of transport, for co-ordinating the activities of that person with those of the Bus Company, and in particular for the provision of combined services for the through carriage of passengers or goods, whether by the same or partly by one and partly by another form of transport, for the quoting of through rates and for the pooling of receipts or expenses;

(h) to join with any person engaged as mentioned in paragraph (g) of this section in forming, promoting and assisting a company for carrying on any activities in connection with such combined services as are so mentioned which the Bus Company or that person have power to carry on;

3 Y* 2

2138

Ch. 73

Transport Act

Part in

General powers of Scottish Group.

(/) with the consent of the Minister, to carry on any activities which the Company would not apart from this paragraph have power to carry on but which a subsidiary of the Company was carrying on immediately before it became such a subsidiary.

26.—(1) Subject and without prejudice to the provisions of, or of any enactment applied by, sections 47 to 52 of this Act, the Scottish Group shall have power—

(a) to carry passengers by road, subway or water or by

hovercraft, whether in or outside Scotland;

(b) to carry goods by road or water or by hovercraft

within, or to or from any place situated within, the counties of Argyll, Caithness, Inverness, Orkney, Ross and Cromarty, Sutherland, Zetland and Bute;

(c) where any vehicle or vessel is used for the carriage of

passengers in pursuance of paragraph (a) of this subsection, to carry also luggage and other goods in that vehicle or a trailer drawn thereby or in that vessel;

(d) to consign goods on behalf of other persons;

(e) to store goods which have been or are to be carried by

the Group or by a subsidiary of theirs and—

(i) so far as any premises provided by the Group for the purposes of that or any other part of their business are not required for those purposes, to use them to provide facilities for the storage of other goods;

(ii) with the consent of the Secretary of State to provide such facilities at any other premises;

(/) to carry on business as travel agents;

(g) to enter into and caiTy out agreements with any person engaged in the provision of transport services, by whatever form of transport, for co-oidinating the activities of that person with those of the Group, and in particular for the provision of combined services for the through carriage of passengers or goods, whether by the same or partly by one and partly by another form of transport, for the quoting of through rates, and for the pooling of receipts or expenses;

(h) to join with any person engaged as mentioned in paragraph (g) of this subsection in forming, promoting and assisting a company for carrying on any activities in connection with such combined services as are so mentioned which the Group or that person have power to carry on;

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2139

(/) either alone or together with any other person, to provide Part HI maintain and operate depots for the sorting of goods, with facilities for the reception, storage, weighing and handling of goods and for compliance with the requirements of the enactments relating to customs and excise;

(k) to let for hire any vehicle, vessel or other means of transport;

(/) to operate harbours;

(m) with the consent of the Secretary of State, to carry on any activities which the Group would not apart from this paragraph have power to carry on but which a subsidiary of the Group was carrying on immediately before it became such a subsidiary.

(2) The Scottish Group shall not be regarded as common carriers in respect of any of their activities concerned with the carriage of goods.

27.—(1) Subject and without prejudice to the provisions of Financial section 41 of this Act, the following provisions of the Act of protons 1962. namely-

(a) section 18 (financial duty of Boards); Company and

(b) section 19 (borrowing powers of Boards); Group!1

(c) section 20 tioans out of National Loans Fund);

(d) section 21 (Treasury guarantees);

(e) section 24 (accounts).

shall apply to the Bus Company and to the Scottish Group as they apply to the Boards, except that any reference in those sections to the Minister shall, in relation to the Scottish Group, be construed as a reference to the Secretary of State.

(2) The Bus Company and the Scottish Group shall each assume a commencing capital debt in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 2 to this Act

(3) The aggregate amount outstanding in respect of—

(a) the principal of any money borrowed by the Bus Com-

pany or, as the case may be. the Scottish Group, under section 19 of the Act of 1962, and

(b) the commencing capital debt of that Company or, as

the case may be. Group,

shall not exceed—

(i) for the Bus Company, £130 million;

(ii) for the Scottish Group, £50 million.

3 Y* 3

2140

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part m Transfer to Bus Company or Scottish Group of certain securities, rights and liabilities.

2ft.—(1) On the appointed day for the purposes of this subsection—

(a) the securities of the bodies listed in Schedule 7 to this

Act, so far as beneficially owned on that day by the Holding Company or by any wholly-owned subsidiary of that Company, and

(b) any rights or liabilities on that day of that Company

or subsidiary regarding the securities of any of those bodies, and

(c) the right to any money owed on that day to that

Company or subsidiary by any of those bodies, and

(d) the liability represented by any money owed on that

day by that Company or subsidiary to any of those bodies, and

(e) any rights and liabilities on that day of that Company

in connection with Tilling Association Limited, and (/) any rights and liabilities of the Holding Company under any agreement such as is mentioned in paragraph 6 of Schedule 5 to the Act of 1962 so far as subsisting in England or Wales,

shall, subject to subsection (3) of this section, be transferred to, and by virtue of this Act vest in, the Bus Company.

(2) On the appointed day for the purposes of this subsection—

(a) the securities of the following bodies, namely—

(i) David MacBrayne Limited; and <ii) Scottish Bus Group Limited, so far as beneficially owned on that day by the Holding Company or by any wholly-owned subsidiary of that Company, and

(b) the securities of the following body, namely, the Cale-

donian Steam Packet Company Limited, so far as beneficially owned on that day by the Railways Board, and

(c) any rights or liabilities on that day of the Holding

Company or that subsidiary thereof or, as the case may be, of that Board regarding the securities of any of those bodies, and

(d) the right to any money owed on that day to the Holding

Company or subsidiary or, as the case may be, to that Board by any of those bodies, and

(e) the liability represented by any money owed on that

day by the Holding Company or subsidiary or, as the case may be, by that Board to any of those bodies, and

(/) any rights and liabilities of the Holding Company under any agreement such as is mentioned in paragraph 6 of

id

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2141

Schedule 5 to the Act of 1962 so far as subsisting in Scotland.

shall, subject to subsection (3) of this section, be transferred to, and by virtue of this Act vest in, the Scottish Group.

(3) Where any of the securities referred to in subsection (1) or (2) of this section are beneficially owned as mentioned in that subsection but held by a nominee, that subsection shall operate only to transfer the beneficial interest in the securities; and paragraphs (c) and W) of the said subsection (1) and paragraphs id) and (e) of the said subsection (2) shall not apply to money owed in the ordinary course of trading.

(4) The Minister may by order made not later than the appointed day for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, and the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly may by order made not later than the appointed day for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section, add to the said Schedule 7 or, as the case may be, to paragraph (a) or (b) of the said subsection (2), any body not for the time being listed therein if he is. or, as the case may be, they are, satisfied—

(a) that the activities of the body are similar to those

of the bodies for the time being so listed, and

(b) that the Holding Company or a wholly-owned sub-

sidiary thereof or, as the case may be, the Railways Board are for the time being the beneficial owners of any securities of that body.

(5) The rights and liabilities of the Holding Company under such agreements for the rendering of personal services by persons who immediately before the appointed day for the purposes of subsection (1) or, as the case may be. subsection (2) of this section, are employed by the Holding Company as may be determined in accordance with arrangements agreed between the Holding Company and the Bus Company or, as the case may be, between the Holding Company and the Scottish Group, or, in default of such agreement, in accordance with such arrangements as the Minister or, as the case may be, the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly may direct, shall on that day be transferred to. and by virtue of this Act vest in, the Bus Company or, as the case may be, the Scottish Group.

(6) Paragraph 2(3) and (4) of Schedule 4 to this Act shall apply to any transfer under subsection () of this section, and paragraphs 7 to 13 of that Schedule shall apply to any transfer under that subsection or under subsection (1) or (2) of this section; and in the application of any provision of that Schedule by virtue of this subsection to a transfer under the said subsection (2) any reference in that provision to the Minister

3 Y* 4

Part III

2142

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part in shall be construed as a reference to the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly.

Transfer of

certain

property,

rights and

liabilities

between

Railways

Board and

Bus Company

or Scottish

Group.

29.—(1) Before the appointed day for the purposes of the relevant transfer referred to in subsection (2) of this section, the Railways Board shall take steps to the satisfaction of the Minister to separate from the remainder of their undertaking the parts thereof concerned respectively—

(a) with the provision of road passenger transport services

within or to and from the city of Sheffield, the county borough of Halifax, the county borough of Huddersfield or the borough of Todmorden; and

(b) with the provision of shipping services in Scotland by

the Caledonian Steam Packet Company Limited, and with the provision by the Board of the ferry service to and from Kyle of Lochalsh and Kyleakin;

and the Board shall from time to time furnish the Minister with such information as he may require with respect to the property and interests which the Board propose to treat as included in each respectively of those parts of their undertaking, and the Minister may give directions to the Board as to the property, rights and liabilities to be so treated.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, on the relevant appointed day for the purposes of this subsection there shall be transferred to, and by virtue of this Act vest in, the Bus Company and the Scottish Group respectively, all the property, rights and liabilities comprised in the part of the Railways Board’s undertaking referred to in paragraph (a) or, as the case may be, paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section.

(3) Schedule 4 to this Act shall apply to any transfer under subsection (2) of this section, and that subsection shall have effect subject to the provisions of that Schedule; and in the application of any provision of that Schedule to a transfer affecting the Scottish Group, any reference in that provision to the Minister shall be construed as a reference to the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in section 4 of the Act of 1962, as from the appointed day for the purposes of the transfer under subsection (2) of this section to the Bus Company the Railways Board shall not have power to cany passengers by road except as permitted by subsection <l)(a)<iii) of the said section 4.

(5) Subject to subsection (6) of this section—

(a) the Scottish Group and the Railways Board acting jointly may as occasion seems to them to require it make schemes for the transfer from one to another of

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2143

the following bodies, namely, that Group, that Board Part in and any wholly-owned subsidiary of that Group or Board, of any specified property, rights or liabilities, or of all property, rights or liabilities comprised in a specified part of their undertaking, being property, rights and liabilities held or subsisting for the purposes of or in connection with, or, as the case may be, a part of their undertaking concerned with, a transport service by water (including such a service by means of a hovercraft) which carries passengers and operates regularly between two or more points at least one of which is in Scotland;

(b) the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly may by order make any such provisions as aforesaid with respect to any of the bodies aforesaid.

(6) Subsections (3) to (7) of section 7 of this Act shall apply to any scheme, and subsections (3) to (6) of section 8 of this Act shall apply to any order, under subsection (5) of this section as they apply to a scheme under subsection (2) of the said section 7 or, as the case may be, to an order under subsection (2) of the said section 8, but as if for the reference in subsection (6)(a)(i) of the said section 8 to the Freight Corporation there were substituted a reference to the Railways Board.

Relaxation of control over certain bus services

30.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the traffic Permit for commissioners for any traffic area may. on an application in that certain bus behalf, grant a permit- toTrfrSd

(a) for the use by the applicant on a route in that area of service

any vehicle as a stage carriage for providing a road licence, service which is to be provided by him by means of vehicles none of which is adapted to carry more than twelve passengers; or

(b) for the use by the applicant on a route in that area of any vehicle as a stage carriage or express carriage at any time when that vehicle (not being a vehicle belonging to a local education authority or, in Scotland, an education authority) is being used for providing transport in pursuance of arrangements made under section

55(1) of the Education Act 1944 or section 51(1) of 1944 c. 31. the Education (Scotland) Act 1962; 1962 c. 47.

and a road service licence shall not be required for any use of a vehicle authorised by such a permit; and accordingly in subsection (1) of section 134 of the Act of 1960 (which prohibits the use of a vehicle as a stage carriage or express carriage except under a road service licence) at the end there shall be added

2144

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part in the words " or under a permit granted under section 30 of the Transport Act 1968

(2) The traffic commissioners shall not grant a permit under the foregoing subsection unless they are satisfied that there are no other transport facilities available to meet the reasonable needs of the proposed route and, in the case of a permit under paragraph (b) of that subsection, that the local education authority or education authority with whom the arrangements were made have consented to the use of the vehicle in question as mentioned in that paragraph.

(3) It shall be a condition of any permit granted under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section that persons other than pupils to whom the arrangements relate or who are permitted to be carried in the vehicle pursuant to section 12

1953 c. 33. of the Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1953 shall be carried only to the extent to which the passenger accommodation in the vehicle is not, and is not likely to be, required for those pupils, and the traffic commissioners may attach to any permit under that subsection such other conditions as they may think fit for securing that—

(a) the fares shall not be unreasonable;

(b) copies of the time-table and fare-table shall be carried and shall be available for inspection in vehicles used on the service;

(c) passengers shall not be taken up or shall not be set down except at specified points or shall not be taken up or shall not be set down between specified points,

and generally for securing the safety and convenience of the public.

(4) The traffic commissioners may from time to time vary in such manner as they think fit the conditions attached to a permit granted by them under this section.

(5) Any permit granted under this section by any traffic commissioners may be revoked, or have its operation suspended, by them on the ground that any condition attached to the permit has not been complied with, but the commissioners shall not exercise their powers under this subsection unless, owing to the frequency of the breach of conditions on the part of the person to whom the permit was granted, or to the breach having been committed wilfully, or to the danger to the public involved in the breach, the commissioners are satisfied that they should exercise those powers.

(6) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, a permit under this section shall have effect for the period of three years beginning with the date on which it is expressed to take effect, or

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2145

for such shorter period beginning with that date as may be Part in specified in the permit, but if at the expiration of that period proceedings are pending before the traffic commissioners on an application by the holder—

(a) for a further permit in substitution for his existing per-

mit; or

(b) for a road service licence authorising him to continue

the activities carried on by him by virtue of his existing permit,

the existing permit shall continue to have effect until the application, and, in the case of an application for a road service licence, any appeal to the Minister arising out of the application, is disposed of.

(7) So much of subsection (3) of section 153 of the Act of 1960 as requires not less than two commissioners to be present at the hearing of an application shall not apply to any application under this section, but, save as aforesaid, the provisions of that subsection and of subsections (1), (4) and (5) of that section (discretion of commissioners as to public sitting?, power to delegate functions to single commissioner and provision for rehearing in case of disagreement) shall have effect in relation to the functions of the commissioners, and to applications, under this section.

(8) The following provisions of the Act of 1960, that is to say—

sections 135(7) and 136(2) (traffic commissioners to notify police and local authorities of grant, revocation and suspension of road service licences);

section 156 (records);

section 159 (fees);

section 233 (forgery); and

section 235 (fraudulent applications),

shall apply, subject to any necessary modifications, to permits under this section as they apply to road service licences, and section 263 of that Act (protection of public interests) shall have effect as if a permit granted under this section were a licence granted under Part III of that Act and as if this section were contained in that Part

(9) In paragraph 2(1 Me) of Schedule 3 to the Prices and 1966 c. 33. Incomes Act 1966 (which deals with the application of that Act

in relation to fares fixed by means of a condition attached to a road service licence) references to such a licence shall include references to a permit under this section.

2146

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part m (10) Any expression used in this section which is also used in the Act of 1960 has the same meaning in this section as in that Act.

Abolition of special control over bus services provided by local authorities outside their areas. 1930 c. 43.

31.—(1) So much of subsection (1) of section 101 of the Road Traffic Act 1930 as requires a local authority to obtain the consent of the appropriate traffic commissioners before running public service vehicles outside the district of the authority shall cease to have effect, and accordingly—

(a) in that subsection for the words from "on any road within their district " to the end shall be substituted the words " on any road inside or outside their district "; and

(b) section 102 of that Act (which contains procedural provisions with respect to consents under subsection (1) of the said section 101) shall cease to have effect

(2) Any provision in a local Act or in any order under 1933 c. 51. Part VI of the Local Government Act 1933. Part VI of the

JJJZ c* il’ Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947, or Part II of the Local

1958 c. 55. Government Act 1958—

(a) imposing any requirement corresponding to that which ceases to have effect by virtue of the foregoing subsection; or

(b) in relation to any such requirement applying or making provision corresponding to the said section 102, together with section 38(6) of the said Act of 1958 (which, in certain cases, requires orders under the said Part II to contain such provisions as aforesaid) shall cease to have effect.

Assistance for bus and ferry services

New bus 32.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Minister

grants. may, with the approval of the Treasury, make in such cases as he

thinks fit a grant to any person operating public service vehicles in Great Britain towards approved capital expenditure incurred by that person in providing a new vehicle of a type approved for the purposes of this section by the Minister, being a vehicle which is provided for use by that person wholly or mainly as a stage carriage in Great Britain and which first becomes available to that person for such use on or after such date, not being earlier than 1st September 1968, as the Minister may by order specify.

(2) In the foregoing subsection—

(a) the expression "approved capital expenditure" means expenditure appearing to the Minister to be of a capital nature and approved by him for the purposes of grant under this section;

Transport Act 1968

CH.73

2147

(b) the expression "expenditure" in relation to the pro- Part in vision by a person of a vehicle includes—

(i) expenditure consisting of instalments under a hire-purchase agreement within the meaning of the Hire-Purchase Act 1965 or, as the case may be, 1965 c. 66. the Hire-Purchase (Scotland) Act 1965, or otherwise 1965 c. 67. consisting of instalments of or payments towards

the purchase price of, or cost of providing, the vehicle; and

(ii) where the vehicle is provided by being manufactured or wholly or partly constructed by that person, such sum as appears to the Minister to be properly attributable to its provision by him in that manner;

(c) the expression " new " means unused and not second-

hand.

(3) In making any grant under this section in respect of any vehicle the Minister shall impose such conditions for securing that the vehicle will be used as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, and may impose such other conditions, as he thinks fit; and those conditions may include conditions for repayment in specified circumstances.

(4) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, the amount of any grant under this section shall be twenty-five per cent of the approved capital expenditure in respect of which it is granted, and no amount by way of such a grant shall be paid in respect of a vehicle which first becomes available for such use as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section after the date of the expiration of the period of seven years beginning with the date specified under the said subsection (1).

(5) The Minister may by order made with the consent of the Treasury—

(a) vary, as respects any vehicle first becoming available

for such use as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section on or after such date as may be specified in the order, the percentage specified in subsection (4) of this section; or

(b) amend the said subsection (4) by substituting for the

date of the expiration of the period there mentioned such later date as may be specified in the order;

but no order shall be made under this subsection unless a draft thereof has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament

(6) The provisions of Schedule 8 to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of avoiding fraudulent applications for grant

2148

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part m

Grants towards duty charged on bus ftiel.

1965 c. 25.

1961 c. 36.

1960 c. 16.

under this section and of securing the observance of any conditions attached to any such grant

33.—(1) In relation to fuel used in operating any bus service on or after 1st January 1969. subsection (2) of section 92 of the Finance Act 1965 shall have effect with die substitution for the words from " but " onwards (which specify the maximum amount of any grant under subsection (1) of that section by the Minister to die operator of a bus service towards defraying customs or excise duties charged on bus fuel) of the words " but the amount of a grant shall not exceed such a sum for every gallon of fuel used or estimated to have been used in operating the bus service during the period to which the grant relates as the Treasury may from time to time approve, being a sum not less than two shillings lower than the rate per gallon of the duty of customs chargeable on hydrocarbon oils imported into the United Kingdom at the date of the use of the fuel, including any addition to that duty by virtue of an order under section 9 of the Finance Act 1961 ".

(2) For subsection (8) of the said section 92 there shall be substituted the following subsection: —

" (8) In this section " bus service " means a service of stage carriages as defined by section 117 of the Road Traffic Act 1960, and " operator ", in relation to a bus service—

(a) means the holder of the road service licence under which the service is provided; or

(b) where the service is provided by the London Transport Board, means that Board; or

(c) where the service is provided by the Executive for a designated area within the meaning of section 9(1) of the Transport Act 1968, or by a subsidiary within the meaning of that Act of such an Executive, means that Executive or subsidiary; or

(d) where the service is provided by a person otherwise than under a road service licence in pursuance of an agreement with such an Executive or with the consent of such an Executive granted under Schedule 6 to the said Act of 1968, means that person;

and in this subsection any reference to a road service licence shall include a reference to a permit under section 30 of the said Act of 1968."

(3) So much of subsection (9) of the said section 92 as enables the Parliament of Northern Ireland to make laws for purposes similar to the purposes of the provisions of that section

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2149

shall apply to those provisions as amended by subsection (1) of Part m this section.

34. —(1) Any of the following councils, namely the council Assistance for of any county, county borough or county district in England or jural bus or Wales, any county, town or district council in Scotland, and the f<erry scrYlces* Council of the Isles of Stilly, or any two or more of those

councils acting jointly, may, on such conditions, if any, as they think fit, afford assistance to any other person, by way of grant, loan or both, for the purpose of securing the provision, improvement or continuance of any bus service or ferry service if in the opinion of the council or councils in question that service is or will be for the benefit of persons residing in rural areas.

(2) The Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, make grants in such cases and subject to such conditions as he thinks fit to any of the councils aforesaid in respect of expenditure incurred by that council—

(a) in making grants under subsection (1) of this section; or

(b) in providing a ferry service which in the opinion of the

council is or will be for the benefit of persons residing in rural areas;

and any grant under this subsection in respect of expenditure in connection with a bus service shall be of an amount equal to half the expenditure in respect of which the grant is made.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland or Wales, references therein to the Minister shall be construed as references to the Secretary of State.

Further provision relating to public service vehicles

35. —(1) When any traffic commissioners are considering Provisions whether or not to exercise their power under section 127(7) of with respect the Act of 1960 to refuse a person a public service vehicle t(J operation licence, or to suspend or revoke one or more of any such licences

already granted to a person, on the ground of that person’s vehicles, unfitness to be the holder thereof, the commissioners—

(a) shall have regard to any information they may have

with respect to the matters specified in subsection (2) of this section; and

(b) shall consider any representations with respect to any of

those matters made by any of the following persons, namely—

(i) any such trade union within the meaning of the Trade Union Act 1913 or other association as thei9l3c.30 Minister may by regulations prescribe, being a union (2 3 Geo. 5).

or other association whose members consist of or

2150

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part HI

include persons holding public service vehicle licences or employees of any such persons;

(ii) a chief officer of police;

(iii) in England or Wales, the council of a county, county borough, county district or London borough, the Greater London Council, or the Common Council of the City of London;

(iv) in Scotland, a county or town council;

and in the said section 127(7) for the words 44 such a licence " there shall be substituted the words " the licence in question

(2) The matters referred to in subsection (l)(a) of this section are—

(a) the previous conduct of the person in question in rela-

tion to any trade or business in the course of which vehicles of any description are operated, being a trade or business—

(i) carried on by him or by a company of which he is or has been a director; or

(ii) for the purposes of which he is or has been employed;

(b) the arrangements for securing that Part VI of this Act

or, so long as it remains in force, section 73 of the Act of 1960 is complied with in the case of the vehicle or vehicles in question;

(c) the facilities and arrangements for maintaining the

vehicle or vehicles in question in a fit and serviceable condition;

(d) the manner in which the vehicle in question is proposed to be used or, as the case may be, in which the vehicle or vehicles in question have been used;

(e) the financial resources of the person in question.

(3) In section 152 of the Act of 1960 (which imposes on the holder of a road service licence certain obligations as respects wages and conditions of employment of persons employed by him in connection with the operation of a public service vehicle)—

(a) for any reference to the holder of a road service licence

there shall be substituted a reference to the holder of a public service vehicle licence;

(b) in subsection (2), the Secretary of State for Employment

and Productivity shall be substituted for the traffic commissioners as the person to whom representations under that subsection are to be made; and

I

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2151

(c) for subsection (4) there shall be substituted the following:—

" (4) If it is decided by the Industrial Court that a person has been guilty of a breach of the provisions of this section, the traffic commissioners by whom any public service vehicle licence has been granted to that person may suspend or revoke that licence or refuse to grant a further such licence to that person; and a licence suspended under this subsection shall during the time of suspension be of no effect."

36.—(1) Every local authority who, under powers conferred by subsection (1) of section 101 of the Road Traffic Act 1930 or by any local Act or order, are running public service vehicles may run any of those vehicles as a contract carriage on any road within their district; and on the coming into force of this subsection the provisions of subsection (2) of the said section 101 and of any local Act or order, so far as those provisions relate to the running by any local authority of a public service vehicle as a contract carriage on roads within their district, shall cease to have effect.

(2) Any such local authority as aforesaid may resolve that this subsection shall apply to them; and, subject to subsection

(3) of this section, on the passing of such a resolution—

(a) the authority may run a public service vehicle as a

contract carriage—

(i) between places within and places outside their district; and

(ii) so far as the authority consider requisite in connection with the exercise of their powers to run public service vehicles within, to or from their district, between places outside their district; and

(b) the provisions of the said subsection (2) (a) and of any

local Act or order, so far as those provisions relate to the running by that authority of a public service vehicle as a contract carriage on roads outside their district, shall cease to have effect.

(3) Paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (2) of this section shall not apply to a local authority who have passed a resolution under that subsection—

(a) until the expiration of a period of three months after the authority have—

(i) given notice in writing to the Minister that they propose to pass or have passed that resolution; and

(ii) sent to the Minister with that notice a statement in writing of the extent to which they have

Part m

Power of local authority to run contract carriages.

1930 c. 43.

2152

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part HI

made or propose to make agreements for the coordination of bus services within, to and from their district with any other person for the time being providing such services; or

(b) if before the expiration of that period the authority have received from the Minister a notice under subsection (4) of this section, until that notice has been withdrawn by the Minister.

(4) If, after considering the statement sent to him by a local authority in pursuance of paragraph (a)(ii) of subsection (3) of this section, the Minister is not satisfied with the degree of coordination of the bus services, provided or proposed to be provided within, to and from that authority’s district by that authority and all or any of the other persons for the time being providing such services, the Minister may before the expiration of the period referred to in paragraph (a) of that subsection give notice in writing to the authority that he is not so satisfied; but the Minister may at any time, whether in consequence of a further statement by the authority such as is mentioned in the said paragraph (a)(ii) or otherwise, inform the authority in writing that he withdraws that notice.

(5) Subject to subsection (6) of this section, every local authority to whom subsection (1) of this section applies shall make to the Minister as respects each accounting period of the authority a report of all activities carried on by the authority by virtue of subsection (1) or (2) of this section which shall include a statement of—

(a) the amount as determined by the authority of the turn-

over of the authority’s transport undertaking for that period in respect of those activities;

(b) the extent or approximate extent (expressed in eithet

case in monetary terms) to which, as so determined, the carrying on of those activities contributed to or restricted the surplus or deficit of that undertaking for that period;

(c) the method by which any determination for the purposes

of paragraph (a) or (b) of this subsection was arrived at; and

(d) such further information, if any, relating to the carry-

ing on by the authority of those activities as the Minister may from time to time direct;

and if it appears at any time to the Minister that, having regard to all the circumstances appearing to the Minister to be relevant, the charges made for the contract carriage services by means of public service vehicles run by the authority are unduly low in comparison with the cost of providing them, the Minister shall, after consultation with the authority, either direct the

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2153

authority to make such modifications in their method of carrying Part in on those activities as may be specified in the direction or direct the authority to discontinue those activities.

(6) Where, apart from this subsection, the first report of a local authority under subsection (5) of this section would be with respect to activities, carried on for part only of an accounting period of the authority, that first report shall be made jointly as respects that part of that period and the next accounting period of the authority.

(7) In any legal proceedings, a document purporting to be a certificate given by or on behalf of the Minister that such a notice and statement as are mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of this section were received by the Minister from a specified local authority on a specified date and that the Minister did not before the expiration of the period referred to in that paragraph serve a notice on that authority under subsection (4) of this section shall be evidence, and in Scotland sufficient evidence, of the matters appearing from that document.

(8) In the application of this section to a local authority in Scotland or Wales, references therein to the Minister shall be construed as references to the Secretary of State.

(9) In this section, the expressions "local authority" and "district" have the same meanings respectively as in Part V

of the Road Traffic Act 1930 and the expression " contract 1930 c. 43. carriage" the same meaning as for the purposes of the Act of 1960; and any reference to the said Part V in any of the following provisions, namely—

(a) sections 103,104, 106 and 107 of the said Act of 1930;

(b) the definition of "sanctioning authority " in section 218

of the Local Government Act 1933; I933 c- 51-

(c) section 259(l)(h) of the Local Government (Scotland) 1947 c. 43.

Act 1947.

shall include a reference to this section.

37.—(1) Without prejudice to any powers apart from this Power section, any local authority within the meaning of Part V of the for local Road Traffic Act 1930 who, under powers conferred by sec- JJjT™to tion 101(1) of that Act or by any local Act or order, are run- dispose of ning public service vehicles may, with the consent of the public service Minister or. in the case of a local authority in Scotland or Wales, vehicle of the Secretary of State— undertakings.

(a) acquire by agreement the whole or any part of a public

service vehicle undertaking carried on by any other

person; or

(b) dispose of the whole or any part of the authority’s

public service vehicle undertaking to any other person.

2154

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part m whether by purchase or sale, by lease, or by exchange or, in Scotland, excambion.

(2) The Minister or Secretary of State may give his consent for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section either for a case or description of cases specified in the consent, or in general terms, and may give any such consent subject to conditions.

Part IV

Further Provisions as to Boards, New Authorities and Transport Services

Composition of Railways Board and removal of requirement for regional boards.

Railways Board

38.—(1) In section 1(3) of the Act of 1962 (which relates to the composition of the Railways Board) for the words " shall consist of a chairman, a vice chairman, or two vice chairmen, and not more than sixteen nor less than ten other members " there shall be substituted the words " shall consist of a chairman and not more than fifteen nor less than nine other members ".

(2) The Minister may from time to time, if after consultation with the chairman of the said Board he thinks fit so to do, appoint one or more members of the Board to be deputy chairman or deputy chairmen, or vice chairman or vice chairmen, of the Board.

(3) A person appointed as deputy chairman or vice chairman of the said Board shall not by reason only of ceasing to be deputy chairman or vice chairman cease to be a member of the Board.

(4) Without prejudice to section 45(6) of this Act, section 2 of the Act of 1962 (which requires the Railways Board to set up Regional Railway Boards to share between them responsibility for the national railway system) shall cease to have effect

Grants for 39.—(1) If, in the case of any place or places to and from

unremunerative which railway passenger services are for the time being passenger provided by the Railways Board, the Minister is satisfied— services. (a) that those services are unremunerative; and

(b) that it is desirable for social or economic reasons that

railway passenger services to and from the place or places in question should for the time being continue to be provided either in the same or in some different form or manner; and

(c) that because of the unremunerative nature of the

services which the Minister is satisfied are desirable for those reasons (hereafter in this section referred to

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2155

as " the required services *) the Board cannot reasonably be expected to provide them without assistance under this section.

then, subject to the provisions of this section, the Minister may from time to time with the consent of the Treasury undertake to make grants to the Board in respect of the provision of the required services for such period not exceeding three years at a time as the Minister may think fit

(2) The Minister may on giving an undertaking under subsection (1) of this section as respects any period attach to that undertaking such conditions in connection with the provision of the required services during that period, and such other conditions in connection with the grants to be made in pursuance of the undertaking, as he thinks fit

(3) The aggregate amount payable by way of grants in pursuance of an undertaking under subsection (1) of this section in respect of the period to which the undertaking relates shall, subject to any conditions attached to the undertaking, be the amount by which it is estimated, on such basis and in such manner as the Minister, with the approval of the Treasury and after consultation with the Railways Board, may determine, that the expenditure properly attributable to the provision during that period of the required services will exceed the revenue properly so attributable; and payments in pursuance of the undertaking shall be made in such manner and at such times as the Minister may with the approval of the Treasury determine.

(4) If, in the case of any railway passenger service for the time being provided by the Railways Board, die second publication required by section 56(7) of the Act of 1962 of notice of a proposal by the Board to discontinue that service (whether or not the notice also relates to other services) has been effected before 1st January 1969, the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, and subject to such conditions as he thinks fit, make grants to the Board in respect of the provision of that service for the period beginning with 1st January 1969 and ending with whichever of the following dates falls first, namely—

(a) 31st December 1969;

(b) the date when the service is discontinued;

(c) if the discontinuance requires the consent of the Minister

under the said section 56 or under section 54(4) of this Act and the Minister refuses his consent, the date when the Minister notifies the Board of his refusal;

and subsection (3) of this section shall apply for the purposes of this subsection as if—

(i) the grant under this subsection were a grant in pursuance of an undertaking under subsection (1) of this section;

Part IV

2156

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IV

Grants

pending

elimination

of surplus

track and

signalling

equipment.

<ii) any reference to the period to which the undertaking relates were a reference to the period for which the grant under this subsection is payable;

(iii) any conditions subject to which the grant under this subsection is made were conditions attached to the undertaking; and

(iv) the reference to the required services were a reference to the service in relation to which the grant under this subsection is made.

(5) The report of the Railways Board under section 27(8) of the Act of 1962 for any year in respect of which payments fall to be made to the Board by way of grants under this section shall include a statement—

(a) of what is estimated as aforesaid to be the collective

financial result for that year, apart from those payments, of all railway passenger services in respect of which those payments fall to be made; and

(b) the aggregate amount of such payments falling to be

made in respect of that year; and

(c) in the case of each undertaking for the time being in

force under subsection (1) and each service in respect of which grant is for the time being payable under subsection (4) of this section, the amount falling to be paid in respect of that year in pursuance of that undertaking or by way of such grant.

40.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Minister may, for each of the five years beginning with 1969, make to the Railways Board a grant towards the expenditure of the Board in respect of track and signalling equipment which is in that year in the possession of the Board but which is in that year, or is likely within those five years to become, surplus to their requirements.

(2) The amount of any grant under this section shall be determined by the Minister after consultation with the Railways Board, and die amount of the grant for each of the said years shall be so determined before 1st January 1969 in such manner that—

(a) the amount for each year after the first is less than that for the preceding year; and

(b) the aggregate amount of the grants does not exceed £50 million.

(3) Any grant under this section shall be made on such terms and conditions as the Minister may determine.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2157

(4) The approval of the Treasury shall be required for the making of any grant under this section and for any determination of the Minister under subsection (2) or (3) thereof.

(5) The report of the Railways Board under section 27(8) of the Act of 1962 for any year in respect of which a grant is made to the Board under this section shall include a statement of the amount of that grant.

Additional financial provisions with respect to Boards and new authorities

41.—(1) This section applies to the following authorities, namely, the Boards and the new authorities.

(2) It shall be the duty of each of the authorities to whom this section applies so to perform their functions under the Act of 1962 or this Act as to secure that the combined revenues of the authority and of their subsidiaries taken together are not less than sufficient to meet their combined charges properly chargeable to revenue account, taking one year with another.

(3) Each of the authorities to whom this section applies shall secure that their subsidiaries charge to revenue account in every year all charges which are proper to be made to revenue account, including, in particular, proper provision for the depreciation or renewal of assets.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in paragraph (a) of the proviso to section 18(4) of the Act of 1962, the purposes for which the moneys comprised in the general reserve of any of the authorities to whom this section applies may be applied shall include the purposes of any subsidiary of theirs.

(5) Subsection (1) of section 18 of the Act of 1962 shall cease to have effect, and references to that subsection in the Act of 1962 shall be construed as references to subsection (2) of this section.

(6) For section 19(3)(ii) of the Act of 1962 (which provides that the aggregate amount outstanding in respect of the principal of any money borrowed by the London Board under that section and that Board’s commencing capital debt shall not exceed £200 million or such greater sum not exceeding £270 million as the Minister may from time to time by order specify) there shall be substituted the following:—

" (ii) for the London Board three hundred million pounds."

(7) In section 19(3)(iii) of the Act of 1962 (which provides that the aggregate amount outstanding in respect of the principal of any money borrowed by the Docks Board under that section and that Board’s commencing capital debt shall not exceed £120

Part IV

Financial provisions as to Boards and new authorities.

2158

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IV

1966 c. 17.

Additional financial provisions as to Railways Board.

million) for the word "twenty " there shall be substituted the word "sixty

(8) In section 22 of the Act of 1962 as amended by the Transport Finances Act 1966, subsections (2) and (3) (which relate to deficits on revenue account of the Railways Board or the London Board) and subsection (6) (which temporarily relieves those Boards of the obligation to establish a general reserve) shall cease to have effect.

(9) In section 24(2) of the Act of 1962 (under which a person is not qualified to be appointed as auditor of the accounts of a Board or new authority unless he is a member of one or more specified bodies) after the word "member" there shall be inserted the words " or is a firm in Scotland each of the partners wherein is a member ".

(10) For the purposes of subsections (2) and (3) of this section, the provisions of section 51(5) of this Act shall be disregarded.

42.—(1) This section applies to the Railways Board.

(2) On 1st January 1969 there shall be extinguished—

(a) the part of the commencing capital debt of the Board

under section 39 of the Act of 1962 which under section 40 of that Act constitutes the suspended debt of the Board on that date; and

(b) subject to subsection (3) of this section, such further

part of the commencing capital debt of the Board as is required to be extinguished in order to reduce the commencing capital debt of the Board outstanding on that date to £300 million.

(3) Without prejudice to section 53(5) of this Act, the Minister may from time to time by order vary the amount specified in subsection (2)(b) of this section where that appears to him expedient to take account of—

(a) any adjustment in pursuance of the provisions of

Schedule 4 to this Act in the property, rights and liabilities transferred under section 5(3) or 29(2) thereof;

(b) any transfer of property, rights or liabilities under

section 7(5) or (6) or 8(4) of this Act;

but no order shall be made by virtue of paragraph (a) of this subsection more than five years after the appointed day for the purposes of paragraph (b) of the said section 5(3) or, as the case may be, the relevant appointed day for the purposes of the said section 29(2).

(4) Any order under subsection (3) of this section may contain such transitional provisions as appear to the Minister

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2159

expedient to take account of any interest underpaid or overpaid on the commencing capital debt of the Board.

(5) The Minister’s power to make an order under subsection (3) of this section shall be subject to the approval of the Treasury and any such order shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

(6) As from 1st January 1969, the aggregate amount outstanding in respect of—

(a) the principal of any money borrowed by the Board under section 19 of the Act of 1962; and

(b) the Board’s commencing capital debt,

shall not exceed £550 million or such greater sum not exceeding £700 million as the Minister may from time to time by order specify; but no order shall be made under this subsection unless a draft thereof has been approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament

(7) The Board shall as soon as practicable after 1st January 1969 adjust their accounts so that the total net book value of their capital assets does not exceed the aggregate of the amount specified in subsection (2)(b) of this section and their other liabilities.

(8) If in any accounting year of the Board there is an excess of the revenue of the Board over the total sums properly chargeable by them to revenue, the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, require that excess, so far as it appears to him, after consultation with the Board, to be surplus to the requirements of the Board, to be paid over to the Minister, who shall pay it into the Consolidated Fund.

43.—(1) This section applies to the Waterways Board.

(2) The Minister or any other Minister of the Crown may, with the approval of the Treasury, from time to time make grants to the Board.

(3) On 1st January 1969—

(a) without prejudice to any further adjustment under section 53(5) of this Act, there shall be extinguished such part of the commencing capital debt of the Board under section 39 of the Act of 1962 as is required to be extinguished in order to reduce the commencing capital debt of the Board outstanding on that date to £3,750,000; and

(b) in section 19(3)(iv) of the Act of 1962 (which provides

that the aggregate amount outstanding in respect of the principal of any money borrowed by the Board and of

3 Z

Part IV

Additional financial provisions as to Waterways Board.

2160

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IV

1966 c. 17.

Account by Minister of receipt and disposal of certain sums.

the Board’s commencing capital debt shall not exceed £30 million) for the word "thirty" there shall be substituted the word "twelve

(4) In section 23 of the Act of 1962 as amended by the Transport Finances Act 1966, subsections (2) and (3) (which relate to deficits on revenue account of the Waterways Board) and subsection (5) (which temporarily relieves that Board of the obligation to establish a general reserve) shall cease to have effect

(5) If in any accounting year of the Board there is an excess of the revenue of the Board over the total sums properly chargeable by them to revenue, the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, require that excess, so far as it appears to him, after consultation with the Board, to be surplus to the requirements of the Board, to be paid over to the Minister, who shall pay it into the Consolidated Fund.

44.—(1) The Minister shall, as respects each financial year, prepare in such form and manner as the Treasury may direct an account of, and of the disposal by him of, die following sums, namely—

(a) any sums issued to the Minister by the Treasury out of the National Loans Fund under section 20(3) of the Act of 1962 for the purpose of making loans—

(i) under section 20(1) of that Act to any of the Boards; or

(ii) under section 29(12) of that Act to the Holding Company; or

(iii) under the said section 20(1) as applied by section 3(1) or 27(1) of this Act to the Freight Corporation or the Bus Company;

(b) any sums which, being received by the Minister—

(i) by way of interest on, or the repayment of, any such loan as aforesaid; or

(ii) by way of interest on, or the repayment of, the commencing capital debt under section 39 of that Act of any of the Boards or of the Holding Company; or

(iii) by way of interest on, or the repayment of, the commencing capital debt of the Freight Corporation or the Bus Company under Schedule 2 to this Act; or

(iv) in respect of any surplus of the Holding Company, the Railways Board or the Waterways Board,

are required by section 20(5), 29(10) or 39(8) of the Act of 1962, by section 42(8) or 43(5) of this Act, by

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2161

the said section 20(5) as applied by the said section 29(12), 3(1) or 27(1), or by the said section 39(8) as applied by paragraph 1 of the said Schedule 2 to be paid by the Minister into the National Loans Fund or the Consolidated Fund, as the case may be.

(2) The Secretary of State shall, as respects each financial year, prepare in such form and manner as the Treasury may direct an account of, and of the disposal by him of, the following sums, namely—

(a) any sums issued to the Secretary of State by the

Treasury out of the National Loans Fund under section 20(3) of the Act of 1962 for the purpose of making loans to the Scottish Group under section 20(1) of that Act as applied by section 27(1) of this Act;

(b) any sums which, being received by the Secretary of

State—

(i) by way of interest on, or the repayment of, any such loan as aforesaid; or

(ii) by way of interest on, or the repayment of, the commencing capital debt of the Scottish Group under Schedule 2 to this Act,

are required by section 20(5) of the Act of 1962 as applied by the said section 27(1), or by section 39(8) of the Act of 1962 as applied by paragraph 1 of the said Schedule 2, to be paid by the Secretary of State into the National Loans Fund.

(3) The Minister and the Secretary of State shall each send every account prepared by him under subsection (1) or (2) of this section to the Comptroller and Auditor-General not later than the end of November following the year to which the account relates; and the Comptroller and Auditor-General shall examine, certify and report on the account and lay copies of it, together with his report, before each House of Parliament.

(4) In consequence of the foregoing provisions of this section—

(a) in section 20 of the Act of 1962, subsection (6) (which

makes provision corresponding to this section in respect of certain of the sums aforesaid) shall cease to have effect; and

(b) in section 29(12) of that Act (which applies subsec-

tions (2) to (6) of the said section 20 to sums lent under the said section 29) for the words "subsections (2) to (6) " there shall be substituted the words " subsections (2) to (5)."

322

Part IV

2162

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IV

Duty of

Freight

Corporation

and Railways

Board

to review

organisation.

Additional duties of Boards and new authorities

45.—(1) It shall be the duty—

(a) of the Railways Board forthwith after the appointed day

for the purposes of this section, and

(b) of the Freight Corporation forthwith after the appointed

day for the purposes of section 1(1) of this Act,

to undertake a review of the affairs of the Board or, as the case may be, the Corporation for the purpose of determining whether the carrying on of their activities is organised, so far as regards the direction thereof, in the most efficient manner and to report their conclusions to the Minister, and so often thereafter as occasion seems to them to require it, or as the Minister may require, to undertake a further such review and to report similarly.

(2) Before reaching conclusions in consequence of a review undertaken in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section, the Board or, as the case may be, the Corporation shall seek consultation with organisations appearing to them to represent substantial proportions of, or of any class of, the persons in the employment of, or of any subsidiary of, the Board or, as the case may be, the Corporation.

(3) The first report under subsection (1) of this section by the Railways Board or the Freight Corporation must be made before the expiration of the period of twelve months beginning with the appointed day referred to in paragraph (a) or, as file case may be, paragraph (b) of that subsection or such longer period as the Minister may allow.

(4) The Minister shall lay before each House of Parliament a copy of each report under subsection (1) of this section.

(5) After considering any report made to him under subsection

(1) of this section, the Minister may give to the Railways Board or the Freight Corporation or each of them such directions as, after consultation with the authority to whom the directions are given, appear to him to be requisite to secure that the carrying on of their respective activities is organised, so far as regards the direction thereof, in the most efficient manner.

(6) The Railways Board or the Freight Corporation shall not make, or permit to be made, any substantial change in the manner in which the carrying on of their activities is organised, so far as regards the direction thereof, except—

(a) in pursuance of a direction given by the Minister under subsection (5) of this section or under section 6(1) of this Act; or

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2163

(b) in accordance with a scheme duly approved under sec- Part IV

tion 7 of this Act; or

(c) in accordance with an order under section 8 of this

Act; or

(d) with the consent of the Minister.

46.—(1) This section applies to the following namely, the Boards and the new authorities.

authorities Duty of

Boards and new authorial It shall be incumbent on each of the authorities to whom ties to promote this section applies to take such steps as appear to them to be practicable and desirable for promoting— p

(a) research on lines settled from time to time with the approval of the Minister into matters affecting, or arising out of, the exercise of the functions of that authority or of any subsidiary of that authority; and

(b) the doing of such work as is requisite to enable—

(i) the results of any research into any such matter as aforesaid (whether or not promoted by that authority); and

(ii) anything resulting from any idea affecting, or arising out of, the exercise of any of those functions,

to be turned to account;

but nothing in this subsection shall be construed as imposing upon that authority, either directly or indirectly, any form of duty or liability enforceable by proceedings before any court to which that authority would not otherwise be subject

(3) An authority to whom this section applies may take such steps as aforesaid with respect to any matter either by themselves carrying out the necessary research or doing the necessary work or by arranging for that research to be carried out or that work to be done by some other person with or without assistance (including financial assistance) from that authority; but nothing in this section shall authorise any such authority to do themselves, either directly or through a subsidiary, any work such as is mentioned in subsection (2)(b) of this section which the authority would not have power to do apart from this section.

(4) In the application of this section to the Scottish Group, the reference to the Minister shall be construed as a reference to the Secretary of State.

(5) In section 27(3) of the Act of 1962 for the words 44 education and research " there shall be substituted the words 44 and education ".

3 Z 3

2164

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IV Extension to new authorities of certain functions of Boards.

Manufacture, repair and supply.

Additional powers of Boards and new authorities

47.—(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of sections 48 to 52 of this Act, but subject to the provisions of this section—

(a) the following provisions of the Act of 1962 (which confer

certain powers on the Boards), that is to say—

(i) section 11 (development of land);

(ii) section 12 (pipe-lines);

(iii) section 13 (powers of manufacture and production) other than subsection (2) thereof;

(iv) section 14 (supplementary powers);

(v) section 15 (compulsory purchase of land);

(vi) section 16 (working agreements involving the delegation of special statutory powers);

(vii) section 17 (power to promote and oppose Bills);

(viii) section 43(1) to (3) (power to make charges for services and facilities); and

(b) section 25 of the Act of 1962 (which relates to sub-

sidiaries of the Boards),

shall have effect as if each of the new authorities were one of the Boards.

(2) In relation to the Bus Company and the Scottish Group, subsection (l)(a) of this section shall have effect as if sub-paragraphs (ii) and (v) thereof were omitted.

(3) In the application of sections 11, 13, 14, 17 and 25 of the Act of 1962 to the Scottish Group any reference to the Minister shall be construed as a reference to die Secretary of State.

(4) The reference in subsection (1) of section 16 of the Act of 1962 to a working agreement to which that section applies shall include a reference to any arrangements such as are mentioned in section 50(9) of this Act.

48.—(1) This section applies to the following authorities, namely, the Boards and the new authorities, but in its application to the Scottish Group any reference to the Minister shall be construed as a reference to the Secretary of State.

(2) Each of the authorities to whom this section applies shall have power—

(a) to manufacture for sale to outside persons (that is to say, to persons other than an authority to whom this section applies or a subsidiary of such an authority), and to repair for outside persons, anything which

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2165

the authority consider can advantageously be so manufactured or, as the case may be, repaired by the authority by reason of the fact that the authority or a subsidiary of theirs have materials or facilities for, or skill in, the manufacture or repair of that thing in connection with same existing activity of that authority or subsidiary;

(b) to sell to outside persons, and for that purpose to purchase, anything which is of a kind which the authority or a subsidiary of theirs purchase in the course of some existing activity of that authority or subsidiary;

(c) at any place where the authority, in the exercise of

their powers under section 14(1 )(d) of the Act of 1962, provide a car park, to repair motor vehicles for outside persons, and to sell to outside persons petrol, oil and spare parts and accessories for motor vehicles, and for that purpose to purchase any of those things, whether or not those persons are using the car park;

and the Waterways Board shall have power to sell goods of any description to outside persons, whether or not persons using their waterways, at any place where persons using those waterways may require facilities for the purchase of those goods, and for that purpose to purchase any such goods; and in paragraph (a) or (b) of this subsection die expression " existing activity " means, in relation to any activity at any time undertaken by virtue of that paragraph, any other activity already carried on at that time, including any such activity carried on by virtue of any provision of this section other than paragraph (c) of this subsection and other than the provisions of this subsection relating only to the Waterways Board.

(3) An authority to whom this section applies shall not engage in any activity authorised by subsection (2) of this section, and shall exercise their control over any subsidiary of theirs so as to ensure that the subsidiary does not engage in any such activity, unless the authority are satisfied that they or the subsidiary can do so without detriment to the duties imposed on the authority by the Act of 1962 or this Act.

(4) Each of the authorities to whom this section applies shall from time to time submit to the Minister for his approval proposals as to the manner in which any activities authorised by subsection (2) of this section or any activities of manufacture authorised by section 13 of the Act of 1962 are to be carried on by them or any subsidiaiy of theirs, and shall carry on, or, as the case may be, exercise their control over that subsidiaiy so

3 Z 4

Part IV

2166

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IV as to ensure that the subsidiary carries on, those activities in accordance with the Minister’s approval, and the Minister may—

(a) in approving any proposals, approve them subject to

such modifications or subject to compliance with such conditions as he thinks fit; and

(b) at any time, after consultation with the authority, direct

the authority to discontinue or, as the case may be, to exercise their control over any of their subsidiaries so as to require the subsidiary to discontinue, any of the activities which the authority or subsidiary are carrying on in accordance with the Minister's approval.

(5) The Minister shall publish, in such manner as he thinks fit, any proposals approved by him under subsection (4) of this section, and shall send copies of those proposals to the Confederation of British Industry and the Trades Union Congress.

(6) Each authority to whom this section applies shall include in the report in respect of any year required to be submitted by them under section 27(8) of the Act of 1962 such particulars as the Minister may, after consultation with the authority and with the approval of the Treasury, direct with respect to all or any of the activities authorised by subsection (2) of this section or the activities of manufacture authorised by section 13 of the Act of 1962 which have been carried on in that year by the authority or any of their subsidiaries.

(7) The foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect notwithstanding subsection (1) of section 13 of the Act of 1962 (so far as it confines any authority’s powers of manufacture, purchase and repair to those conferred by that section), and in that section—

subsection (2) (which relates to the powers of the Waterways Board to manufacture for sale and to repair plant and equipment of a kind ordinarily made for use in connection with the operation of an inland waterway);

subsection (4) (which is superseded by the provisions of subsection (4) of this section) except as respects proposals approved thereunder before the appointed day for the purposes of this section;

subsection (5) (which restricts the power of the Boards to manufacture road vehicles, bodies or chassis for road vehicles or major components of road vehicles);

subsection (6) (which restricts the power of the Boards to purchase or trade in road vehicles or in spare parts, accessories, petrol or oil for such vehicles and from engaging in the maintenance or repair of such vehicles, spare parts or accessories); and

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2167

subsection (7) (which restricts the power of the Boards to Part IV engage in shipbuilding),

shall cease to have effect.

(8) Section 29(7) of the Act of 1962 (which relates to manufacture or production by subsidiaries of the Holding Company) shall have effect as if each of the new authorities were one of the Boards.

(9) In this section references to manufacture include references to construction and production, references to repair include references to maintenance, and references to selling or purchasing include references to supplying, or, as the case may be, obtaining, by exchange, hire or hire-purchase.

49.—(1) Where a Board or a new authority propose under Powers with section 11 of the Act of 1962 to develop any of their land for respect to use otherwise than for the purposes of their business, the MinisterIand* may give his consent under subsection (4) of that section to the acquisition by that Board or authority by agreement of adjoining land for the purpose of developing it with the other land whether or not it appears to him that the other land cannot be satisfactorily developed unless the adjoining land is so acquired; and accordingly, in the said subsection (4), the words from " but the Minister" to "by the Board" (which preclude the Minister from giving his consent unless it so appears to him) shall cease to have effect.

(2) A Board or new authority may exercise the power conferred by the said subsection (4) without the consent of the Minister in any case where the Minister has under subsection

(3) of the said section 11 consented to the incurring by that Board or new authority of a substantial item of expenditure in developing land as aforesaid which includes expenditure proposed to be incurred in that exercise of that power.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the said subsection (4), where a Board or new authority propose to dispose of any of their land they shall have power to acquire by agreement adjoining land for the purpose of disposing of it together with the other land; but the Board or new authority shall not incur any substantial item of expenditure under this subsection without the consent of the Minister, and the Minister may from time to time give directions to the Boards and the new authorities indicating what is to be treated for the purposes of this subsection as a substantial item of expenditure.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the said subsection (4), the Railways Board and the Waterways Board shall each have power with the consent of the Minister to acquire land by agreement with a view to its development, whether by that Board or by

3 Z*

2168

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IV

Miscellaneous provisions as to powers.

some other person, for use otherwise than for the purposes of their business if that land—

(a) in the case of the Railways Board adjoins other land

of that Board; or

(b) in the case of the Waterways Board adjoins any of the

commercial or cruising waterways of the Board within the meaning of section 104 of this Act, and the Minister is satisfied that the land acquired will be so connected by rail or so situated in relation to a railway line or, as the case may be, will be so connected by waterway to, or is so situated in relation to, that commercial or cruising waterway that the rail services of the Railways Board or, as the case may be, the waterway services of the Waterways Board can be directly used by the person for the time being occupying the land proposed to be acquired.

(5) In the application of subsections (1) to (3) of this section to the Scottish Group, any reference therein to the Minister shall be construed as a reference to the Secretary of State.

(6) Section 87 of the Act of 1962 (which makes temporary provision as to development of land in London) shall cease to have effect.

50.—(1) In addition to their power under the provisions of sections 3(3)(e), 9(2)(c) or 10(3)(/) of the Act of 1962 to store certain goods and to use certain premises to provide facilities for the storage of other goods, the Railways Board, Docks Board and Waterways Board shall each have power, with the consent of the Minister, to provide such facilities at any other premises; and the said section 3(3)(e) shall apply to goods which have been or are to be carried by a subsidiary of the Railways Board as it applies to goods which have been or are to be carried by that Board.

(2) The Railways Board shall have power to provide and manage hotels in any part of Great Britain and, with the consent of the Minister, elsewhere; and the following provisions of the Act of 1962, that is to say—

section 6 (which permits the Board to provide hotels only in places where those using the railway services provided by the Board may require them and to exercise their power of managing hotels only with the consent of the Minister); and

section 25(3) (which prevents the Board from having any subsidiary, other than the Hotel Company, which owns or manages a hotel),

shall cease to have effect

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2169

(3) The Waterways Board, the Bus Company and the Scottish Group shall each have power to provide and manage hotels in places where those using the inland waterways owned or managed by the Waterways Board or, as the case may be, the transport services provided by the Bus Company or Scottish Group may require them, for use both by those and other persons.

(4) In subsections (2) and (3) of this section the references to hotels include references to any other form of residential accommodation or facilities, including caravan and camping sites, for travellers or persons on holiday; and the said subsection (3) shall be without prejudice to the powers of the Waterways Board, the Bus Company or the Scottish Group under section 14(l)(d) of the Act of 1962 to provide amenities and facilities for persons for whom they do not provide residential accommodation or facilities.

(5) In addition to the powers of the Waterways Board to provide the transport services by road authorised by section 10(3)(c) of the Act of 1962 (carriage of goods which have been or are to be carried by the Board by inland waterway and carriage of goods where the use of an inland waterway owned or managed by the Board has been temporarily interrupted), that Board shall have power, with the consent of the Minister, to provide other transport services by road for the carriage of goods and to carry goods by those services.

(6) Without prejudice to the powers of the Waterways Board apart from this subsection, that Board shall have power to provide services and facilities for the use for amenity or recreational purposes (including fishing) of the inland waterways and reservoirs owned or managed by them.

(7) Each of the Boards and new authorities shall have power to provide for any person technical advice or assistance, including research services, as respects any matter in which the Board or new authority have skill or experience.

(8) Without prejudice to their powers apart from this subsection, each of the Boards and the new authorities shall have power to form, promote and assist, or join with any other person in forming, promoting and assisting, a company for carrying on any activities which that Board or new authority have power to carry an.

(9) Where a company for carrying on any activities which any of the Boards or new authorities have power to carry on has been formed in the exercise of the powers conferred by subsection (8) of this section by that Board or new authority, whether alone or jointly with some other person, or where in the exercise of their powers under paragraph (a) of section 14(1) of the Act of 1962 any of the Boards or new authorities have

3 Z* 2

Part IV

2170

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IV

Subsidiaries and joint subsidiaries.

entered into an agreement with any person for the carrying on by that person, whether as agent for that Board or new authority or otherwise, of any of the activities which that Board or new authority may themselves carry on, then, without prejudice to their powers under paragraph ( of the said section 14(1), that Board or new authority may, with the consent of the Minister, or, in the case of the Scottish Group, with the consent of the Secretary of State, enter into arrangements with that company or person for the transfer from that Board or new authority to that company or person, in such manner and on such terms (including payments by any of the parties to the arrangements to any other of them) as may be provided for by the arrangements, of any property, rights or liabilities of that Board or new authority relevant to the carrying on of those activities.

(10) In section 43(3) of the Act of 1962, after the word "recover " there shall be inserted the words " or waive ",

51.—(1) This section applies to the following authorities, namely, the Boards and the new authorities.

(2) For the purposes of paragraphs (d), (/), (g) and (/*) of section 14(1) of the Act of 1962, services and facilities provided by, persons employed by, or equipment of, a subsidiary of an authority to whom this section applies, and, for the purposes of section 15(1) of that Act, land required for the purposes of the business of a wholly-owned subsidiary of such an authority, shall be deemed to be services and facilities provided by, persons employed by. equipment of, or land required for the purposes of the business of, that authority; and section 43(1) to (3) of the Act of 1962 shall apply to any subsidiary of an authority to whom this section applies as they apply to that authority.

(3) In section 27(1) of the Act of 1962 (which empowers the Minister or, as the case may be, the Secretary of State to give directions of a general character as to the exercise and performance by any authority to whom this section applies of their functions in relation to matters which appear to him to affect the national interest) after the word "functions" there shall be inserted the words " (including the exercise of rights conferred by the holding of interests in companies) ".

(4) A wholly-owned subsidiary of an authority to whom this section applies shall not be regarded as a common carrier when carrying on any activity which that authority have power to carry on and in carrying on which that authority are not to be so regarded.

(5) Where a company of which two or more authorities to whom this section applies are members would, if those authorities were a single body corporate, be a wholly-owned subsidiary

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2171

of that body corporate, then, whether or not that company is Part IV apart from this subsection a subsidiary of one of those authorities, that company shall be deemed for the purposes of the Act of 1962 and of the provisions other than Parts V and VI of this Act to be a wholly-owned subsidiary of each of those authorities; and any such company is hereafter in this section referred to in relation to each of those authorities as a " joint subsidiary " of that authority.

(6) In the case of a joint subsidiary, section 25(1) of the Act of 1962 shall not apply but it shall be the joint duty of both or all the authorities of which it is a joint subsidiary to exercise their control over the subsidiary so as to ensure that the subsidiary—

(a) does not engage in activities in which none of those

authorities have power to engage (including activities in which none of those authorities have power to engage because the consent of the Minister has not been obtained), and

(b) does not do anything which the Minister has directed

any of those authorities not to do, and

(c) does not, except with the consent of the Minister, borrow

money from any person other than those authorities, and

(d) does not, except with the consent of the Minister, raise money by the issue of shares or stock to any person other than those authorities;

and the Minister may give to those authorities such directions as appear to him appropriate for ensuring that they carry out the duty imposed on them by this subsection.

(7) In the application of subsection (6) of this section to a joint subsidiary of the Scottish Group, any reference in that subsection to the Minister shall be construed as including a reference to the Secretary of State.

52.—(1) Section 14(6) of the Act of 1962 (which provides Supple-that the powers conferred by the foregoing provisions of that mentary and Act are cumulative and that those provisions relate only to the "kc?!!*1160115 capacity as a statutory corporation of any authority on whom provisions-those powers are conferred and that nothing in those provisions shall be construed as authorising the disregard by any such authority of any enactment or rule of law) shall apply to any powers conferred on any Board or new authority by any provision of this Act and to the provision of this Act conferring that power as it applies to the powers and provisions mentioned in the said section 14(6).

3 Z* 3

L*

2172

Part IV

Provisions with respect to Holding Company.

Ch. 73 Transport Act 1968

(2) For the purposes of section 15 of the Act of 1962 (which confers on the Boards and the Freight Corporation powers of compulsory purchase for the purpose of their business) activities carried on by any of the Boards or the Corporation by virtue of section 48 or subsections (1) to (7) of section 50 of this Act shall be deemed not to form part of the business of the Board or Corporation.

(3) Sections 27, 28 and 89 of the Act of 1962 (which relate respectively to the powers of the Minister to give directions to the Boards, to powers exercisable subject to the Minister’s consent, and to the duty to give effect to the Minister’s directions) shall apply to each of the new authorities as if they were one of the Boards and, in their application to the Scottish Group, as if any reference therein to the Minister were a reference to the Secretary of State; and any reference in the said section 27 or 89 to that Act or in the said section 28 to the foregoing provisions of that Act shall include a reference to this Act.

(4) In Schedule 1 to the Act of 1962, for paragraph 4 (which relates to the authentication of the application of the seal of a Board) there shall be substituted the following: —

" 4. The application of the seal of any Board shall be authenticated by the signature of the secretary of the Board or some other person authorised by the Board, either generally or specially, to act for that purpose."

(5) It is hereby declared that none of the new authorities are to be regarded as the servant or agent of the Crown, or as enjoying any status, immunity or privilege of the Crown, or (subject to the provisions of sections 160, 161 and 162 of this Act) as exempt from any tax, duty, rate, levy or other charge whatsoever, whether general or local, and that their property is not to be regarded as property of, or property held on behalf of, the Crown.

Power to dissolve Holding , .

53.—(1) The Minister may by order, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament—

(a) transfer any such property, rights and liabilities of the Holding Company as may be specified in the order, being property, rights or liabilities not already transferred under section 4 or 28 of this Act or this paragraph, from the Holding Company to such other person, being either a publicly-owned body (that is to say, a body established for the carrying on of any industry or part of an industry, or of any undertaking, under national ownership or control, or a wholly-owned

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2173

subsidiary of a body so established) or a Minister of the Crown, as may be specified in the order;

(b) transfer all property, rights and liabilities of the Holding

Company not already transferred under the said section 4 or 28 or paragraph (a) of this subsection to such one, or to such extent respectively to such two or more, of the Boards and the new authorities as may be specified in the order, and provide for the dissolution of the Holding Company;

(c) where by virtue of paragraph (a) or (6) of this subsection

any property, rights and liabilities are transferred to, or to a subsidiary of, any of the Boards or the new authorities, confer on the Board or new authority in question any powers necessary to ensure the continued carrying on of any activities carried on before the transfer which would otherwise fall by virtue of section 25 of the Act of 1962 or section 51(6) of this Act to be discontinued after the transfer.

(2) In the case of any order made by virtue of paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (1) of this section, the property, rights and liabilities in question shall on such date as may be appointed for the purpose by the order be transferred, and by virtue of this Act vest, in accordance with the order; and Schedule 4 to this Act shall apply to any transfer under this subsection.

(3) Any order under subsection (1) of this section may contain such supplementary, incidental and consequential provision as may appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient, and in particular, in the case of an order by virtue of paragraph (b) of that subsection, may make provision—

(a) for the preparation by such person or persons as may

be specified in the order of a statement or statements of the Holding Company’s accounts for the period from the end of that dealt with in the last annual statement of accounts published by that Company down to the date of the dissolution of that Company;

(b) for the auditing of any such statement of accounts;

(c) for the making to the Minister by such person or persons

as may be specified in the order of a report or reports on the exercise and performance by the Holding Company of their functions during any period not dealt with in the reports made by that company under section 29(16) of the Act of 1962;

(d) repealing any provision of the Act of 1962 or of this

or any other Act which the Minister is satisfied has become unnecessary in consequence of the dissolution of the Holding Company.

3 Z* 4

Part IV

2174

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IV (4) The Minister may, with the consent of the Treasury, pay to any person upon whom duties are imposed by virtue of subsection (3Ha) to (c) of this section such remuneration, and such allowances in respect of expenses, as the Minister may with the agreement of the Treasury determine.

(5) The Minister may from time to time by order—

(a) vary the commencing capital debt under section 39 of

the Act of 1962 of the Holding Company or of any of the Boards or under Schedule 2 to this Act of any of the new authorities; or

(b) extinguish the liability of the Holding Company in

respect of all or any sums lent to that Company by the Minister under section 29(12) of the Act of 1962 on or after 1st January 1963,

where that appears to the Minister expedient to take account of any transfer of property, rights and liabilities—

(i) in the case of the Holding Company, under section 4

or 28 of this Act or under subsection (1) of this section;

(ii) in the case of any of the Boards or new authorities,

under the said subsection (1);

and any such order may contain such transitional provisions as appear to the Minister expedient to take account of any interest underpaid or overpaid on the commencing capital debt of the authority in question or on the sums referred to in paragraph (b) of this subsection.

(6) On requiring any of the new authorities to make provisional payments under paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 to this Act in respect of the commencing capital debt of that new authority, the Minister may by notice in writing to the Holding Company specify what part of those payments is to be treated as attributable to transfers to that new authority from the Holding Company under section 4 or 28 of this Act; and where such notice is given, then, in respect of any period in respect of which those provisional payments are made, the liability of the Holding Company to make payments of interest under section 39(6) or 20(2) of the Act of 1962 on the commencing capital debt of, or loans to, that Company shall be correspondingly reduced.

(7) For the purposes of any order made by virtue of paragraph

(a) of subsection (5) of this section with respect to the Scottish Group, any reference in that subsection to the Minister shall be construed as a reference to the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly.

(8) The power of the Minister or of the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly to make an order under subsection (5) of this section shall be subject to the approval of

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2175

the Treasury and any such order shall be subject to annulment part IV in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament

Miscellaneous further provisions with respect to transport

services

54.—(1) In discharging any of his functions under subsection Railway

(8) or (10) of section 56 of the Act of 1962 or under subsection closures.

(5) of this section in relation to, or to a proposal by the Railways Board or the London Board for, the discontinuance of all railway passenger services from any station or on any line (hereafter in this section, as in that section, referred to as a closure), the Minister shall have regard to any matters which for the time being appear to him to be relevant, including any social or eoonomic considerations, and shall not give his consent to a proposed closure—

(a) unless he is satisfied that a reasonable opportunity has been afforded for the making to the Minister of representations with respect to the closure by or on behalf of persons who are employed by the Board concerned for the purposes of, or in connection with, the services in question and who appear to the Minister to be likely to be directly affected by the closure; or

(b) before he has considered any representations made while that opportunity remains available which he is satisfied are either made by such persons as aforesaid or made on behalf of such persons by an organisation appearing to him to represent such persons.

(2) In the case of a proposed closure of a station from which, or of a line on the whole or part of which, railway passenger services fall to be provided by the Railways Board in pursuance of an agreement under section 20(2 )(bof this Act with the Executive for an area designated under section 9(1) thereof, the Board shall not publish a notice of that closure in pursuance of subsection (7) of the said section 56 without the consent of that Executive to its publication; and if the Board publish the notice before obtaining that consent, the notice shall be of no effect unless before the expiration of the period fixed by the notice for objecting to the closure either—

(a) the Executive have informed the Board in writing that

they consent to the publication; or

(b) the Minister, on an application made for the purpose

by the Board, whether before or after the publication of the notice, and after affording the Executive what the Minister considers a reasonable opportunity to make any representations, has directed that the notice

2176

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IV

shall have effect notwithstanding that the Executive have not consented to its publication;

but the giving by the Executive of their consent to publication of a notice in pursuance of the said subsection (7) shall not affect the right of the Executive under subsection (4) of this section to oppose the closure.

(3) Where, in the case of any proposed closure, subsection

(2) of this section does not apply but the proposal is for the closure of a station, or of the whole or part of a line, which is situated within an area designated as aforesaid, the Railways Board shall send to the Executive for that area a copy of the notice of the closure published by the Board in pursuance of the said subsection (7).

(4) Where, in the case of any closure to which subsection

(2) or (3) of this section applies, notice of the closure has been published by the Railways Board in pursuance of the said subsection (7) (not being a notice which under the said subsection

(2) is of no effect), the Executive concerned may, within the period specified in the notice for objecting to the closure, lodge with the Minister a statement in writing that they oppose the closure and of their reasons therefor; and where die Executive lodge such a statement with the Minister they shall send a copy of that statement to the Board and, notwithstanding that no objection is lodged in accordance with subsection (8) of the said section 56, the closure shall not be proceeded with until the Minister has given his consent.

(5) In the case of any closure requiring the consent of the Minister under the said section 56 or under subsection (4) of this section—

(a) the Minister may give his consent subject to such con-

ditions as he thinks fit, including conditions to be complied with after the closure;

(b) the Minister may from time to time vary or revoke die conditions for the time being required to be complied with in connection with the closure, whether the closure took place before or after the coming into force of this subsection;

(c) those conditions may include conditions as to the provi-

sion of alternative services by, or by a subsidiary of, the Bus Company or the Scottish Group, or by some other person whether in pursuance of arrangements made by the Bus Company or the Scottish Group or otherwise; and

(d) whether before or after the closure, and whether the

closure took place before or after the coming into force of this subsection, the Minister may from time

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2177

to time give such directions to the Railways Board or. Part IV as the case may be, the London Board and to the Bus Company, and the Secretary of State may from time to time give such directions to the Scottish Group, as he thinks fit in connection with the closure;

and where any such condition or direction relates to the provision or assistance in the provision of alternative services, the Minister or, where those alternative services are to be provided by, or by a subsidiary of, or in pursuance of arrangements made by, the Scottish Group, the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly may refer to an Area Committee within the meaning of the said section 56 any matter relating to those services, and the committee shall consider and report on that matter to the Minister or, as the case may be, to the Minister and the Secretary of State.

(6) Where any condition or direction such as is referred to in subsection <5) of this section requires the provision of alternative services by, or by a subsidiary of, the Bus Company or the Scottish Group or in pursuance of arrangements made by that Company or that Group, the cost of providing those alternative services shall be borne by that Company or, as the case may be, that Group.

(7) For the purposes of subsections (5) and (6) of this section any conditions imposed under subsection (11) of the said section 56, so far as still required to be complied with immediately before the coming into force of the said subsection (5), shall have effect as if imposed under the said subsection (5).

(8) Paragraphs 9 and 10 of Schedule 7 to the Act of 1962 (which contain spent transitional provisions with respect to matters pending at the date of the coming into force of the said section 56) shall cease to have effect.

55.—(1) The services and facilities in relation to which. Amendments under section 56 of the Act of 1962, the duty imposed, subject *?to to the subsequent provisions of that section, by subsection (4) cSSSSdve thereof on the Consultative Committees established under that Committees, section falls to be exercised—

(a) shall not include any services or facilities provided by

the Waterways Board or provided by virtue of section 48 or section 50(2) or (7) of this Act; but

(b) subject to paragraph (a) of this subsection shall, in addition to the services and facilities provided by any of the Boards other than the Waterways Board, include the services and facilities provided by any of the following bodies, namely, the Freight Corporation and

2178

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IV

any subsidiary of that Corporation or of any of the Boards other than the Waterways Board;

and accordingly—

(i) the reference in the said subsection (4) to any of the

Boards shall be construed as a reference to any of the bodies aforesaid;

(ii) the reference in paragraph (b) of that subsection to a Board shall be construed as excluding a reference to the Waterways Board but including a reference to the Freight Corporation;

(iii) the references in that subsection and in subsection (6) of the said section 56 to the Board concerned shall be construed as a reference to whichever of the Boards or the Freight Corporation are concerned either directly or through a subsidiary of theirs;

(iv) the reference in subsection (5) of the said section 56 to railway services shall be construed as including a reference to any transport services provided by, or by a subsidiary of, the Freight Corporation;

and for the purposes of this subsection the provisions of section 51(5) of this Act shall be disregarded.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of section 54 of this Act and of the foregoing subsection, the services and facilities in relation to which, under section 56 of the Act of 1962, the duty imposed, subject to the subsequent provisions of that section, by subsection (4) thereof on the Area Committee for Scotland established under that section falls to be exercised shall include the services and facilities provided by the Scottish Group and any subsidiary of that Group, but shall not include road passenger transport services, or services or facilities provided by virtue of section 50(3) of this Act; and for the purposes of this subsection the said section 56 shall have effect subject to the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) in relation to the Scottish Group and their subsidiaries,

the Central Committee shall have no functions, and the Area Committee for Scotland shall have no functions in relation to the Central Committee;

(b) for references to the Minister in subsections (4) and (6)

there shall be substituted references to the Secretary of State;

(c) the reference in subsection (4)(b) to a Board shall be construed as a reference to the Scottish Group, and the references in that subsection and in subsection (6) to the Board concerned shall be construed as a reference to the Scottish Group;

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2179

(d) in subsection (IS) for the words from the beginning to Part IV "Minister", where second occurring, there shall be substituted the words "The Area Committee for Scotland shall make an annual report to the Secretary of State on the services and facilities provided by the Scottish Group and their subsidiaries in relation to which the Committee have functions under subsection

(4) of this section, and the Secretary of State

(3) In the case of each of the Consultative Committees aforesaid, the Minister shall provide, or make arrangements under subsection (4) of this section for providing, that committee with such officers and servants, and such office accommodation, as appear to the Minister, after consultation with the committee, to be requisite for the proper discharge of the committee’s functions and shall defray any expenditure incurred by the committee with the Minister’s approval in the discharge of those functions; and the Minister may pay to the members of any such committee allowances in respect of loss of remunerative time in accordance with such scale as the Minister may with the approval of the Treasury allow and such travelling allowances and allowances in respect of out-of-pocket expenses as the Minister may determine.

(4) The Minister may, in the case of any such committee, instead of himself providing the officers and servants or office accommodation aforesaid, arrange with any of the Boards other than the Waterways Board or with the Freight Corporation for those officers and servants or that accommodation to be provided by that Board or Corporation in return for such payments by the Minister to the Board or Corporation as may be agreed between them.

(5) Subsection (16) of the said section 56 (which provides for any such officers, servants and accommodation as aforesaid to be provided, and any such allowance as aforesaid to be paid, by the Boards) shall cease to have effect.

56.—(1) Subject to subsections (3) and (4) of this section, the Minister may with the approval of the Treasury make grants upon such terms and conditions as the Minister thinks fit to any person towards expenditure appearing to the Minister to be of a capital nature incurred or to be incurred by that person for the purpose of the provision, improvement or development of facilities for public passenger transport in Great Britain.

Assistance by Minister or local authority towards capital expenditure on public transport facilities.

(2) Subject to subsections (3) and (4) of this section, any local authority, or any two or more local authorities acting jointly, may make payments, upon such terms and conditions as they think fit, to any other person towards expenditure appearing to the authority or authorities in question to be of a

2180

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IV capital nature incurred or to be incurred by that other person for the purpose of the provision, improvement or development of any facilities for public passenger transport if it appears to the authority or each of the authorities in question that those facilities are or will be of benefit to the area of that authority.

(3) No grant under subsection (1) of this section and no payment under subsection (2) thereof shall be made for the purposes of the provision, improvement or development of an airfield, a harbour, or (except when used or to be used for the purposes of a ferry service) a dock, pier or jetty.

(4) No grant under subsection (1) of this section shall be made for any purpose unless the Minister is satisfied that the purpose in question is in accordance with general transport planning for the locality in which the facilities in question are, or are to be, provided; and no payment under subsection (2) of this section shall be made for any purpose unless the local authority or local authorities in question are so satisfied.

(5) Where a person has used or proposes to use an asset of his for the purpose of the provision, improvement or development of facilities for public passenger transport, the Minister or, as the case may be, the local authority or local authorities in question may for the purposes of this section treat as expenditure of a capital nature incurred or to be incurred by that person for that purpose such amount not exceeding the capital value of that asset as the Minister or, as the case may be, the local authority or authorities in question may determine to be appropriate.

(6) In this section the expression " local authority " means—

(a) the council of any county, county borough or county

district in England or Wales;

(b) the Greater London Council, the council of a London

borough or the Common Council of the City of

London;

(c) the Council of the Isles of Stilly; or

(d) any county, town or district council in Scotland; and in the application of this section to Scodand or Wales any reference to die Minister shall be construed as a reference to the Secretary of State.

Grants for research or development in connection with transport services, etc.

57. The Minister shall have power with the approval of the Treasury to make grants upon such terms and conditions as he thinks fit to any person towards expenditure incurred or to be incurred by that person—

(a) in carrying out research in connection with the provision or improvement of transport services by land or inland waterway or of harbour facilities; or

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2181

(b) in developing for the purposes of the provision or Part IV improvement of such services or facilities the results of any research carried out by, or any invention or idea of, that or any other person.

58. A county council, town council or district council in Assistance

Scotland, or any two or more of those councils acting jointly, by local may with the approval of the Secretary of State afford financial Scotland assistance towards the provision of railway passenger services for railway within, or to or from, their area or areas. passenger

services.

Part V

Regulation of Carriage of Goods by Road

The licensing authority

59. —(1) In relation to each traffic area constituted for the The licensing

purposes of Part in of the Act of 1960, the person who is the for

chairman of the traffic commissioners for the area (including v‘ any person for the time being appointed by the Minister to

act as deputy to the chairman) shall be known as the licensing authority and shall exercise the functions conferred on him by this Part of this Act and by Schedule 9 thereto.

(2) In the exercise of his functions under this Part of this Act and the said Schedule the licensing authority shall act under the general directions of the Minister.

(3) Each licensing authority shall make to the Minister an annual report of 1 fisproceedings, containing particulars with respect to such matters as the Minister may direct

(4) Subsection (1) of this section shall have effect as respects the Metropolitan Traffic Area with the substitution of a reference to the traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area for the reference to the chairman of the traffic commissioners.

Operatorf licences

60.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section and to the Users of other provisions of this Part of this Act, no person shall, after goods the appointed day for the purposes of this section, use a goods hoW ooe«itore* vehicle on a road for the carriage of goods— licences?"

(a) for hire or reward; or

(b) for or in connection with any trade or business carried on by him,

except under a licence granted under this Part of this Act (hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to as an "operator’s licence ").

2182

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part V (2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply—

(a) to the use of a small goods vehicle as defined in sub-

section (4) of this section; or

(b) to the use of a vehicle of any class specified in regulations.

(3) It is hereby declared that, for the purposes of this Part of this Act, the performance by a local or public authority of their functions constitutes the carrying on of a business.

(4) For the purposes of subsection (2 of this section a small goods vehicle is a goods vehicle which—

(a) does not form part of a vehicle combination and has a

relevant plated weight not exceeding three and a half tons or (not having a relevant plated weight) has an unladen weight not exceeding thirty hundredweight; or

(b) forms part of a vehicle combination (not being an

articulated combination) which is such that—

(i) if all the vehicles comprised in the combination (or all of them except any small trailer) have relevant plated weights, the aggregate of the relevant plated weights of the vehicles comprised in the combination (exclusive of any such trailer) does not exceed three and a half tons;

(ii) in any other case, the aggregate of the unladen weights of those vehicles (exclusive of any such trailer) does not exceed thirty hundredweight; or

(c) forms part of an articulated combination which is such

that—

(i) if the trailer comprised in the combination has a relevant plated weight, the aggregate of the unladen weight of the motor vehicle comprised in the combination and the relevant plated weight of that trailer does not exceed three and a half tons;

(ii) in any other case, the aggregate of the unladen weights of the motor vehicle and the trailer comprised in the combination does not exceed thirty hundredweight

In any provision of this subsection " relevant plated weight " means a plated weight of the description specified in relation to that provision by regulations; and in paragraph (b) of this subsection " small trailer " means a trailer having an unladen weight not exceeding one ton.

(5) A person who uses a vehicle in contravention of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2183

61,—(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, the vehicles Part V authorised to be used under an operator’s licence shall be— Authorised

(a) such motor vehicles, being vehicles belonging to the vchictot*

holder of the licence or in his possession under an agreement for hire-purchase, hire or loan, as are specified in the licence;

(b) trailers from time to time belonging to the holder of

the licence or in his possession under an agreement for hire-purchase, hire or loan, not exceeding at any time such maximum number as is specified in the licence;

(c) unless the licence does not permit the addition of

authorised vehicles under this paragraph and subject to subsection (3) of this section, motor vehicles not exceeding such maximum number as is specified in the licence, being vehicles belonging to the holder of the licence or in his possession under an agreement for hire-purchase, hire or loan, but acquired by him, or coming into his possession under such an agreement, only after the grant of the licence.

For the purposes of paragraphs (b) and (c) of this subsection different types of trailers or different types of motor vehicles, as the case may be, may be distinguished in a licence and a maximum number may be specified in the licence for trailers or vehicles of each type.

(2) An operator’s licence shall not authorise the use of any vehicle unless the place which is for the time being its operating centre—

(a) is in the area of the licensing authority by whom the

licence was granted; or

(b) is outside that area and has not been the operating centre of that vehicle for a period of more than three months.

For the purposes of paragraph (b) of this subsection, two or more successive periods which are not separated from each other by an interval of at least three months shall be treated as a single period having a duration equal to the total duration of those periods.

(3) A motor vehicle which, after the grant of an operator’s licence, is acquired by the holder of the licence, or comes into his possession under an agreement for hire-purchase, hire or loan, and thereupon becomes an authorised vehicle by virtue of subsection <l)(c) of this section, shall cease to be an authorised vehicle on the expiration of one month from the date on which it was acquired by him or came into his possession unless before the expiration of that period he delivers to the licensing authority a notice in such form as the authority may require to the

2184

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part V

Applications for operators’ licences.

effect that the vehicle has been acquired by him, or has come into his possession, as the case may be.

(4) Where the licensing authority by whom a licence was granted receives a notice under subsection (3) of this section to die effect that the holder of the licence has acquired, or come into possession of, a vehicle as mentioned in that subsection, he shall, if the vehicle has become an authorised vehicle by virtue of subsection (l)(c) of this section, vary the licence by directing that the vehicle be specified therein.

(5) A motor vehicle specified in an operator’s licence shall not, while it remains so specified, be capable of being effectively specified in any other operator’s licence.

(6) Where it comes to the knowledge of the licensing authority by whom an operator’s licence was granted that a vehicle specified therein—

(a) has ceased to be used under the licence (otherwise than

because of a fluctuation in business or because it is

undergoing repair or maintenance); or

(b) is specified in another operator’s licence,

he may vary the licence by directing that the vehicle be removed therefrom.

62.—(1) A person may apply for an operator’s licence to the licensing authority for each area in which, if the licence is granted, the applicant will have an operating centre or operating centres; and a person may hold separate operators’ licences in respect of different areas but shall not at any time hold more than one such licence in respect of the same area.

(2) A person applying for an operator’s licence shall give to the licensing authority a statement giving such particulars as the authority may require of the motor vehicles proposal to be used under the licence which—

(a) belong to the applicant, or

(b) are in his possession under an agreement for hire-

purchase, hire or loan, or

(c) he intends, if the application is granted, to acquire, or

to obtain possession of under such an agreement, and also stating the number and type of any trailers proposed to be so used.

(3) A person applying for an operator’s licence after the appointed day for the purposes of section 65 of this Act shall also give to the licensing authority a statement of the person or persons and of the other matters which he proposes should be specified in his licence for meeting the requirements of that section.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2185

(4) A person applying for an operator’s licence shall give to the licensing authority any further information which he may reasonably require for the discharge of his duties in relation to the application, and in particular shall, if he is required by the licensing authority so to do, give to him—

(a) such particulars as he may require with respect to the

purposes for which the vehicles referred to in the statement under subsection (2) of this section are proposed to be used;

(b) particulars of the arrangements for securing that Part

VI of this Act (or, so long as those sections remain in force, sections 73 and 186 of the Act of 1960) will be complied with in the case of those vehicles, and for securing that those vehicles are not overloaded;

(c) particulars of the facilities and arrangements for securing

that those vehicles will be maintained in a fit and serviceable condition;

(d) particulars of any activities carried on, at any time before the making of the application, by—

(i) the applicant,

(ii) any company of which the applicant is or has been a director;

(iii) where the applicant is a company, any person who is a director of the company;

(iv) where the applicant proposes to operate the said vehicles in partnership with other persons, any of those other persons;

(v) any company of which any such person as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (iii) or (iv) of this paragraph is or has been a director;

(vi) any company of which the applicant is a subsidiary,

being activities in carrying on any trade or business in the course of which vehicles of any description are operated, or as a person employed for the purposes of any such trade or business, or as a director of a company carrying on any such trade or business;

(e) particulars of any convictions during the five years preceding the making of the application—

(i) of the applicant; and

(ii) of any other person as to whose activities particulars may be required to be given under paragraph

(d) of this subsection,

being convictions such as are mentioned in subsection

(4) of section 69 of this Act (taking references in that

Part V

2186

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part V

Objections to grant of operators* licences.

subsection to the holder of the licence as references to the applicant or, as the case may be, to that other person);

if) particulars of the financial resources which are or are likely to be available to the applicant;

(g) where the applicant is a company, the names of the directors and officers of the company, and of any company of which the first-mentioned company is a subsidiary, and where the authorised vehicles are proposed to be operated by the applicant in partnership with other persons, the names of those other persons.

(5) Any statement or information to be given to a licensing authority under this section shall be given in such form as the authority may require.

63.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, the licensing authority shall publish in the prescribed manner notice of any application to the authority for an operator’s licence.

(2) The licensing authority for any area shall not be obliged to publish notice of any application made by a person who is the holder of an operator’s licence granted by the licensing authority for any other area if satisfied that the grant of the application will not result in any increase in the number of authorised vehicles under operators* licences held by the applicant which is substantial having regard to the existing number of such vehicles.

(3) Any of the following persons, that is to say—

(a) a prescribed trade union or association, being a trade

union or association whose members consist of or include—

(i) persons holding operators* licences or carriers* licences; or

(ii) employees of any such persons;

(b) a chief officer of police;

(c) a local authority,

may object to the grant of any application of which notice has been published under subsection (1) of this section on the ground that any of the requirements mentioned in section 64(2) of this Act are not satisfied in the case of the application.

(4) Any objection under this section shall be made within the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner (which shall be stated in the notice published under subsection (1) of this section) and shall contain particulars of the ground on which it is made.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2187

(5) The onus of proof of the existence of the ground on which Part V an objection is made shall lie on the objector.

(6) In this section—

44 local authority " means—

(a) as respects England and Wales, the council of a county, county borough, county district or London borough, the Greater London Council and the Common Council of the City of London;

(b) as respects Scotland, a county council and a town council;

44 trade union " has the same meaning as in the Trade Union 1913 c. 30 Act 1913. (2 & 3 Geo. 5).

64.—(1) On an application for an operator’s licence, the Decision on licensing authority shall in every case consider whether the applications requirements mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (d) of subsection (2) J°^ators of this section, and, if the licensing authority in any case thinks fit, paragraph (e) of that subsection, are satisfied, and in doing so shall have regard to any objection duly made under section 63 of this Act.

(2) The said requirements are as follows—

(a) that the applicant is a fit person to hold an operator’s

licence, having regard to the matters of which particulars may be required to be given under section 62(4)(d) and (e) of this Act;

(b) that the proposals in any statement furnished by the

applicant under section 62(3) of this Act are satisfactory;

(c) that there will be satisfactory arrangements for securing

that Part VI of this Act (or, so long as those sections remain in force, sections 73 and 186 of the Act of 1960) will be complied with in the case of the authorised vehicles, and for securing that those vehicles are not overloaded;

(d) that there will be satisfactory facilities and arrangements for maintaining the authorised vehicles in a fit and serviceable condition;

(e) that the provision of such facilities and arrangements

as are mentioned in paragraph id) of this subsection will not be prejudiced by reason of the applicant’s having insufficient financial resources for that purpose.

(3) If the licensing authority determines that any requirement which he has taken into consideration in accordance with subsection (1) of this section is not satisfied, he shall refuse the

2188

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part V

Conditions as to transport managers.

application but, in any other case, he shall, subject to subsection

(4) of this section, grant the application.

(4) In any case in which the licensing authority grants an application for an operator’s licence, the licensing authority may issue that licence in the terms applied for or, if the authority thinks fit, subject to either or both of the following modifications or limitations, that is to say—

(a) so that the licence is in respect of motor vehicles other

than those of which particulars were contained in the application, or in respect of motor vehicles or trailers greater or less in number than, or differing in type from, those for the use of which authorisation was applied for;

(b) so that the licence does not permit the addition of authorised vehicles under section 61(l)(c) of this Act

(5) In exercising his functions under this section in relation to the requirement mentioned in subsection (2)(e) thereof, a licensing authority may be assisted by an assessor drawn from a panel of persons appointed by the Minister for that purpose; and there shall be paid by the licensing authority to any such assessor in respect of his services remuneration on a scale prescribed by the Minister with the approval of the Treasury.

65.—(1) In every operator’s licence granted by a licensing authority on an application made after the appointed day for the purposes of this section there shall be specified, in relation to each place in the area of the authority which, when the licence is granted, will be an operating centre of the holder of the licence, a person (being the holder of the licence, if an individual, or a person employed by him) who is to be responsible for the operation and maintenance of the authorised vehicles normally used from that centre, and it shall be a condition of the licence—

(a) that the person so specified shall be the holder of a transport manager’s licence of the prescribed class; and

(b) if the person so specified is an employee of the holder

of the operator’s licence, that that person is employed by him in a position of responsibility specified in the licence.

(2) Where, at any time after an operators* licence has been granted as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section by the licensing authority for any area, a place in that area becomes an operating centre of the holder of the licence, that subsection shall, at the expiration of the period of three months beginning at that time, apply to the new operating centre as it applies to any operating centre which the holder of the licence has when the licence is granted.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2189

(3) Unless in any case the licensing authority in his discretion otherwise determines, the person specified in any licence for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section in relation to any operating centre of any person shall not be the same as the person specified for those purposes in relation to any other operating centre of that person, whether in that licence or in any other operator’s licence which is then held by him.

(4) The licensing authority may, if he thinks fit, permit the responsibility for the operation and maintenance of the authorised vehicles normally used from any particular operating centre to be shared between two or more persons; and, in any such case, subsection (1) of this section shall have effect—

(a) as if it required both or all of those persons to be speci-

fied in the licence, together with the manner in which the responsibility is to be shared between them; and

(b) as if references in paragraphs (a) and to the person

specified in the licence were references to each of the persons so specified by virtue of this subsection.

(5) In specifying for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section a position of responsibility to be held by any person, the licensing authority shall secure that that person thereby carries direct responsibility for the operation and maintenance of the authorised vehicles normally used from the operating centre in question or such share of that responsibility as may have been allocated to him under the last foregoing subsection.

(6) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section a director of a company shall be deemed to be employed by it; and where the authorised vehicles are to be operated by the holder of an operator’s licence in partnership with other persons, any of those other persons may be specified in the licence for the purposes of that subsection, but, if any of them is so specified, it shall be an additional condition of the licence that the authorised vehicles are operated by the holder of the licence in partnership with the person so specified.

(7) Where at any time a person specified in an operator’s licence for the purposes of any condition imposed by or under this section dies, or ceases to be employed by the holder of the licence in a position of responsibility specified therein, or ceases to hold a transport manager’s licence of the prescribed class, or any other event occurs whereby such a condition is contravened, that condition shall nevertheless be deemed not to have been contravened—

(a) during the period of three months beginning at that time or such longer period as the licensing authority who

Pact V

2190

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part V

Conditions as to matters required to be notified to licensing authority.

issued the operator’s licence may in any particular case allow; and

(b) if before the expiration of that period the holder of the operator’s licence duly applies for the licence to be varied for the purpose of bringing the contravention to an end, during the period until the application, and any appeal arising out of it, have been disposed of.

(8) The Minister may by regulations—

(a) modify the requirements of subsections (1) to (6) of this section in any respect, or substitute for any of them such other requirements relating to transport managers* licences as may be specified in the regulations;

(b) substitute for the period of three months mentioned in

subsection (7) (a) of this section such longer period as may be specified in the regulations; and such regulations may make different provision for different cases and may contain such transitional and supplementary provisions as the Minister thinks necessary or expedient.

(9) Subject to subsection (7) of this section, any person who uses an authorised vehicle from an operating centre of his for a purpose for which it cannot lawfully be used without the authority of an operator’s licence—

(a) at a time when a condition under this section of an

operator’s licence held by him is contravened in relation to that operating centre; or

(b) at a time when the matters required by virtue of sub-

section (1) or (2) of this section to be specified in relation to that operating centre in an operator’s licence held by him are not so specified, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200.

(10) Schedule 9 to this Act shall have effect in relation to transport managers* licences.

(11) In this section references to responsibility for the operation of any vehicles include (without prejudice to the generality of that expression) references to responsibility for securing that the drivers of the vehicles are properly licensed and comply with Part VI of this Act or, so long as those sections remain in force, sections 73 and 186 of the Act of 1960.

66.—(1) A licensing authority, in granting an operator’s licence, may attach thereto such conditions as he thinks fit for requiring file holder to inform him—

(a) of any change, of a kind specified in the conditions, in the organisation, management or ownership of the trade

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2191

or business in the course of which the authorised Party vehicles are used;

(b) where the holder of the licence is a company, of any

change, or of any change of a kind so specified, in the persons holding shares in the company;

(c) of any other event of a kind so specified affecting the

holder of the licence which is relevant to the exercise of any powers of the authority in relation to the licence.

(2) Any person who contravenes any condition attached under this section to a licence of which he is the holder shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200.

67.—(1) There shall be specified in every operator’s licence Duration of

the date on which the licence is to come into force. operators*

licences and

(2) Regulations may specify the dates in the year on which {jJtSim* operators' licences shall expire, and, subject to subsections (4) licences, and () of this section, an operator’s licence shall, unless previously revoked, continue in force up till and including that

one of the specified dates which occurs next before the expiration of the period of five years beginning with the date on which the licence came into force, or of such other period beginning with that date as the licensing authority may in accordance with the next following subsection direct.

(3) The licensing authority may, on granting an operator's licence, direct that in the case of that licence the period relevant for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section—

(a) shall be a period shorter than five years—

(i) if the applicant for the licence so requests; or

(ii) if the application is made by a person who does not hold an operator’s licence when the application is made;

(b) shall be a period longer or shorter than five years if the licensing authority is of opinion that it is desirable so to direct in order to arrange a suitable and convenient programme of work for the licensing authority.

(4) If, at the date on which an operator’s licence is due to expire, proceedings are pending before the licensing authority on an application by the holder of that licence for the grant to him of a new licence in substitution therefor, the existing licence shall continue in force until—

(a) the application; and

(b) any appeal under section 70 of this Act arising out

of the application,

4 A

2192

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part V

Variation of

operators’

licenses.

are disposed of, without prejudice, however, to the exercise in the meantime of the powers conferred by section 69 of this Act

(5) If an applicant for an operator's licence so requests, a licensing authority may, if the applicant does not hold an operator’s licence granted by that authority, grant to him, pending the determination of the application, an operator's licence expressed to continue in force until the date on which any licence granted on the application or on an appeal arising out of it is expressed to come into force or, if no licence is granted as aforesaid, until the application is refused; and a request for the grant of a licence under this subsection shall not for the purposes of section 63 or 64 of this Act be treated as an application for an operator’s licence, and a licence granted under this subsection shall not for the purposes of section 65 of this Act be treated as an operator's licence.

68.—(1) On the application of the holder of an operator's licence, the licensing authority by whom the licence was granted may at any time while it is in force vary the licence by directing—

(a) that additional vehicles be specified therein, that the

maximum number of trailers or of motor vehicles specified therein under paragraph ( or (c) of section 61(1) of this Act be increased, or, if the licence does not permit the addition of authorised vehicles under the said paragraph (c), that it shall so permit and that a maximum be specified under that paragraph accordingly; or

(b) that vehicles specified therein be removed therefrom or

that any such maximum as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection be reduced; or

(c) that an alteration or addition be made in or to any of

the matters specified in the licence for the purposes of section 65 of this Act; or

(d) that an alteration be made in any condition attached to the licence under section 66 of this Act or that any such condition be removed.

(2) A person applying for a direction under this section shall give to the licensing authority such information as he may reasonably require for the discharge of his duties in relation to the application.

(3) Any information or particulars to be given to a licensing authority under subsection (2) of this section shall be given in such form as the authority may require.

(4) Except in the following cases, that is to say—

(a) where the application is for a direction under subsection (l)(a) of this section and the licensing authority is

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2193

satisfied that, if the application were an application under section 63 of this Act, no notice of it would be required to be published by virtue of subsection (2) of that section; or

(b) where the application is for a direction under subsection

(1 )(b) of this section; or

(c) where the licensing authority is satisfied that the applica-

tion is of so trivial a nature that it is not necessary that an opportunity should be given for objecting to it,

the licensing authority shall publish notice of any application under this section in the manner provided for the publication of notices under subsection (1) of the said section 63; and where notice of the application is published in pursuance of this subsection the other provisions of the said section 63 and the provisions of section 64 of this Act shall, so far as applicable and subject to any necessary modifications, apply to that application as they apply to an application for the grant of an operator’s licence of which notice is published under subsection

(1) of the said section 63.

(3) If an applicant under this section so requests, the licensing authority may, pending the determination of the application, give an interim direction under this section, that is to say, a direction expressed to continue in force only until the application, and any appeal arising out of it, have been disposed of; and a request for such a direction shall not for the purposes of subsection (4) of this section be treated as an application under this section.

69.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the licensing authority by whom an operator’s licence was granted may direct that it be revoked, suspended or curtailed on any of the following grounds—

(a) that the holder of the licence has contravened section 65 of this Act or any condition attached to his licence under section 66 of this Act;

(b) that during the five years ending with the date on which the direction is given there has been (whether before or after the day on which this section comes into force)—

(i) any such conviction as is mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (/) of subsection (4) of this section or any such prohibition as is mentioned in paragraph

(h) of that subsection; or

(ii) any such conviction as is mentioned in paragraph (g) of that subsection on occasions appearing to the licensing authority to be sufficiently numerous to justify the giving of a direction under this subsection;

4 A 2

Part V

Revocation, suspension and curtailment of operators* licences.

2194

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part V

(c) that the holder of the licence made or procured to be made for the purposes of his application for the licence, or for the purposes of an application for the variation of the licence, a statement of fact which (whether to his knowledge or not) was false, or a statement of intention or expectation which has not been fulfilled;

(d) that the holder of the licence has been adjudicated bankrupt or, where the holder is a company, has gone into liquidation (not being a voluntary liquidation for the purpose of reconstruction);

(e) that there has been since the licence was granted or varied a material change in any of the circumstances of the holder of the licence which were relevant to the grant or variation of his licence;

(/) that the licence is liable to revocation, suspension or curtailment by virtue of a direction under subsection

(6) of this section;

and during any time of suspension the licence shall be of no effect.

(2) In any case in which a licensing authority has power to give a direction under the foregoing subsection in respect of any licence, the authority shall also have power to direct that there be attached to the licence any, or any additional, condition such as is mentioned in section 66 of this Act.

(3) Where the existence of any of the grounds mentioned in subsection (1) of this section is brought to the notice of the licensing authority in the case of the holder of any licence granted by him, the authority shall consider whether or not to give a direction under this section in respect of that licence.

(4) The convictions and prohibitions mentioned in subsection (1 )(b) of this section are as follows—

(a) a conviction, in relation to a goods vehicle, of the

holder of the licence, or a servant or agent of his, of contravening any provision (however expressed) contained in or having effect under any enactment (including any enactment passed after this Act) relating to—

(i) the maintenance of vehicles in a fit and serviceable condition;

(ii) limits of speed and weight laden and unladen, and the loading of goods vehicles;

(iii) the licensing of drivers;

(b) a conviction of the holder of the licence under—

(i) this Part of this Act or Schedule 9 thereto;

(ii) section 233 or 235 of the Act of 1960 so far as applicable (by virtue of Schedule 10 to this Act)

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2195

to licences, authorisations or means of identification Part v under this Part of this Act or Schedule 9 thereto;

(iii) any regulation made under this Act which is prescribed for the purposes of this subsection;

(c) a conviction, in relation to a goods vehicle, of the holder of the licence or a servant or agent of his under, or of conspiracy to contravene. Part VI of this Act or section 73 or 186 of the Act of 1960;

(d) a conviction of the holder of the licence under section

7 of the Road Haulage Wages Act 1938 (which makes 1938 c. 44. failure to pay the statutory remuneration under that Act an offence);

ie) a conviction, in relation to a goods vehicle, of the holder of the licence under, or of conspiracy to contravene. section 200 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 c. 44. 1952 (unlawful use of rebated fuel oil);

if) a conviction of the holder of the licence under section 18 of the Road Safety Act 1967 (operator’s duty to 1967 c. 30. inspect, and keep records of inspection of, goods vehicles);

ig) a conviction, in relation to a goods vehicle, of the holder of the licence, or a servant or agent of his, of contravening any provision (however expressed) which prohibits or restricts the waiting of vehicles, being a provision contained in an order made under section 1, 6, 9 or 11 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 1967 c. 76. (including any such order made by virtue of section 84A(2) of that Act) or under any enactment repealed by that Act and re-enacted by any of those sections;

(h) a prohibition of the use of a vehicle under section 184 of the Act of 1960 or of the driving of a vehicle under section 16 of the Road Safety Act 1967, being a vehicle of which the holder of the licence was the owner when the prohibition was imposed.

(5) Where the licensing authority directs that an operator's licence be revoked, the authority may order the person who was the holder thereof to be disqualified, indefinitely or for such period as the authority thinks fit, from holding or obtaining an operator's licence, and so long as the disqualification is in force—

(a) notwithstanding anything in section 64 of this Act, no operator's licence shall be granted to him and any operator's licence obtained by him shall be of no effect; and

4 A 3

2196

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part V

(b) if he applies for or obtains an operator’s licence he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200.

An order under this subsection may be limited so as to apply only to the holding or obtaining of an operator’s licence in respect of the area of one or more specified licensing authorities and, if the order is so limited, paragraphs ( and (b) of this subsection shall apply only to any operator’s licence to which the order applies; but, notwithstanding section 61(2)(£) of this Act, no other operator’s licence held by the person in question shall authorise the use by him of any vehicle at a time when its operating centre is in an area in respect of which he is disqualified by virtue of the order.

(6) Where the licensing authority makes an order under subsection (5) of this section in respect of any person, the authority may direct that if that person, at any time or during such period as the authority may specify—

(a) is a director of, or holds a controlling interest in—

(i) a company which holds a licence of the kind to which the order in question applies; or

(ii) a company of which such a company as aforesaid is a subsidiary; or

(b) operates any goods vehicles in partnership with a person

who holds such a licence,

that licence of that company, or, as the case may be, of that person, shall be liable to revocation, suspension or curtailment under this section.

(7) The powers conferred by subsections (5) and (6) of this section in relation to the person who was the holder of a licence shall be exercisable also, where that person was a company, in relation to any director of that company, and, where that person operated the authorised vehicles in partnership with other persons, in relation to any of those other persons.

(8) A licensing authority who has made an order or given a direction under subsection (5), (6) or (7) of this section may, in such circumstances as may be prescribed, cancel that order or direction.

(9) A licensing authority shall not—

(a) give a direction under subsection (1) or (2) of this

section in respect of any licence; or

(b) make an order or give a direction under subsection (5),

(6) or (7) of this section in respect of any person,

without first holding an inquiry if the holder of the licence or that person, as the case may be, requests him to do so.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2197

(10) The licensing authority may direct that any direction or Part V order given or made by him under subsection (1), (2), (5). (6) or

(7) of this section shall not take effect until the expiration of the time within which an appeal may be made to the Transport Tribunal against the direction or order and, if such an appeal is made, until the appeal has been disposed of; and if the licensing authority refuses to give a direction under this subsection the holder of the licence, or, as the case may be, the person in respect of whom the direction or order was given or made under any of those subsections, may apply to the tribunal for such a direction, and the tribunal shall give its decision on the application within fourteen days.

(11) For the purposes of this section a person holds a controlling interest in a company if he is the beneficial owner of more than half its equity share capital as defined in section 154(5)

of the Companies Act 1948. 1948 c. 38.

70. —(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, a person Rights of

who— appeal in

(a) being an applicant for, or for the variation of, an ^rators’

operator’s licence, is aggrieved by the refusal of the licencesT application or, as the case may be, by the terms or conditions of the licence or of the variation; or

(b) being the holder of an operator’s licence in respect of

which, or a person in respect of whom, a direction or order has been given or made under section 61(6) or 69(1) to (7) of this Act, is aggrieved by that direction or order; or

(c) having duly made an objection to an application for, or

for the variation of, an operator’s licence, is aggrieved by the grant of the application, may appeal to the Transport Tribunal.

(2) No appeal shall lie under the foregoing subsection on the ground that a direction has been given under subsection (3) of section 67 of this Act if it has been given by virtue of paragraph (b) of the said subsection (3).

Special authorisations for use of large goods vehicles

71. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section and to the Control of the other provisions of this Part of this Act, no person shall, after the use of large appointed day for the purposes of this section, use a largegoods vehicles-goods vehicle on a road—

(a) to carry any goods on, or on any part of, a controlled

journey; or

(b) to carry an amount exceeding eleven tons in weight of

any prescribed goods otherwise than on a controlled journey,

4 A 4

2198

Ch. 73

Transport Act

Part V except under a special authorisation granted under this Part of this Act

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection, a controlled journey is a journey between places in Great Britain separated by a distance exceeding one hundred miles, being—

(a) in relation to goods to which paragraph (b) of this sub-

section does not apply, a journey for the whole of which the goods are carried on the same large goods vehicle without being taken off it;

(b) in relation to goods in a container having a volume

(ascertained by external measurement) of not less than six hundred cubic feet or on a pallet having a surface area of not less than fifty square feet, a journey for every part of which they are carried by a large goods vehicle (whether the same vehicle or successive vehicles) without being taken out of the container or off the pallet;

and, where the vehicle on which the goods are carried is a trailer, it is immaterial whether it is drawn on the journey by the same vehicle or different vehicles.

(3) For the purposes of this section goods shall be treated as carried on a vehicle notwithstanding the fact that the vehicle is itself being carried on a vessel, aircraft or other means of transport, but, in relation to a journey in the course of which a vehicle is so carried, the distance to be taken into account for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section shall be the aggregate of the distances separating the points between which the vehicle is not so carried on the journey.

(4) Where in the case of any controlled journey—

(a) no one person uses a vehicle or vehicles to carry the

goods in question between places separated by a distance exceeding one hundred miles; and

(b) a special authorisation applicable to that journey is

held by any one of the persons who use a vehicle or vehicles to carry those goods in the course of that journey,

then, if under that authorisation the journey is one which may be undertaken in part by persons other than the holder of the licence, it shall not be necessary for the purposes of subsection

(l)(u) of this section for any of those other persons to hold a special authorisation.

(5) The Minister may by regulations direct—

(a) that subsection (1) of this section shall not apply—

(i) to carriage on journeys in the case of which the distances specified in the regulations are not exceeded;

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2199

(ii) to carriage by vehicles of any class specified in Part V the regulations;

(b) that paragraph (a) of that subsection shall not apply to the carriage of any prescribed goods; and regulations under paragraph (b) of this subsection or prescribing goods for the purposes of subsection (1 of this section may describe the goods in question by reference to their nature, to the amount in which, or the places between which, they are carried, or by reference to any other circumstances.

(6) For the purposes of this section and the subsequent provisions of this Part of this Act, a large goods vehicle is a goods vehicle (other than a hauling vehicle) which—

(a) has a relevant plated weight exceeding sixteen tons or

(not having a relevant plated weight) has an unladen weight exceeding five tons; or

(b) forms part of a vehicle combination (not being an

articulated combination) which is such that—

(i) if all the vehicles comprised in the combination (or all of them except any small trailer) have relevant plated weights, the aggregate of the relevant plated weights of the vehicles comprised in the combination (exclusive of any such trailer) exceeds sixteen tons;

(ii) in any other case, the aggregate of the unladen weights of those vehicles (exclusive of any such trailer) exceeds five tons; or

(c) forms part of an articulated combination which is such

that—

(i) if the trailer comprised in the combination has a relevant plated weight, the aggregate of the unladen weight of the motor vehicle comprised in the combination and the relevant plated weight of that trailer exceeds sixteen tons;

(ii) in any other case, the aggregate of the unladen weights of the motor vehicle and the trailer comprised in the combination exceeds five tons.

In any provision of this subsection " relevant plated weight " means a plated weight of the description specified in relation to that provision by regulations; and in paragraph ( ) of this subsection " small trailer " means a trailer having an unladen weight not exceeding one ton.

(7) Subsection (1 Hb) of this section shall apply to the carriage of an amount exceeding eleven tons in weight of any prescribed goods in two or more vehicles forming part of a vehicle combination such as is mentioned in subsection (6 or (c) of this section as it applies to the carriage of such an amount in a

4 A*

2200

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part V

Applications for special authorisations.

single vehicle, whether forming part of such a combination or not

(8) In this section—

"hauling vehicle* means a motor tractor, a light locomotive, a heavy locomotive or the motor vehicle comprised in an articulated combination;

" pallet * means a moveable deck on which a quantity of goods can be assembled for the purpose of being handled, loaded or transported as a single unit and " surface area * in relation to a pallet means the area on which the goods can be assembled as aforesaid.

(9) Nothing in this section shall apply to the use of a vehicle by any person for the carriage of goods otherwise than for hire or reward or for or in connection with any trade or business carried on by him.

(10) Any person who uses a vehicle in contravention of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200.

72.—(1) An application for a special authorisation shall be made to the licensing authority for the area containing the operating centre or operating centres of the vehicles proposed to be used under the authorisation.

(2) An application for a special authorisation shall be made in such form as the licensing authority may require, and shall contain a statement giving such particulars as the licensing authority may require—

(a) of the vehicles proposed to be used under the authorisa-

tion; and

(b) of the transport service proposed to be provided under

the authorisation, that is to say—

(i) the goods proposed to be carried;

(ii) the places between which they are to be carried;

(iii) the person or persons (so far as known) for whom they are to be carried; and

(iv) where applicable, the occasions on which or the circumstances in which they are to be carried.

(3) In subsection (2)(fc)(iii) of this section references to the person or persons for whom any goods are to be carried are references, if the goods are to be carried for hire or reward, to the person or persons for whom they are to be so carried, and, if the goods are to be carried by any person for or in connection with any trade or business carried on by him, to that person.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2201

73.—(1) Where a licensing authority receives an application Part V for a special authorisation, the authority shall, subject to sub- objections to section (2) of this section and to section 75 of this Act. send grant of a copy of the application to the Railways Board and, unless special the application is made by the Freight Corporation, to thatauthonsatloIls* Corporation.

(2) Where an application for a special authorisation is accompanied by a statement signed by a person on behalf of the Railways Board or the Freight Corporation to the effect that the body in question has no objection to the application, no copy of the application shall be sent to that body under subsection (1) of this section; and where an application for a special authorisation is made solely for the purpose of section 71(l)(b) of this Act, no copy of the application shall be sent to the Freight Corporation.

(3) Within fourteen days of the date on which a copy of an application for a special authorisation is sent to either of the said bodies under subsection (1) of this section that body may, by a notice sent to the licensing authority and the applicant, object to the grant of the application—

(a) in respect of the whole of the transport service proposed

to be provided in pursuance of the special authorisation; or

(b) in respect of any part of that service,

on the ground that the service or part can be provided by that body, or by a subsidiary of that body, wholly or partly by rail.

(4) A service or part of a service to which an objection under this section relates is hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to as " the disputed service ".

(5) If an objection is duly made under this section—

(a) the body making the objection shall submit to the

licensing authority a statement containing particulars of the manner in which, and the charges at which, the disputed service can be provided by that body, or by a subsidiary of that body, wholly or partly by rail, and of any other matters on which that body relies for the purposes of the objection;

(b) the applicant shall submit to the licensing authority a

statement containing particulars of the grounds on which he relies in support of his application;

and, unless on a consideration of those statements it appears to the licensing authority that the application can, without further investigation, be granted in accordance with section 74 of this Act in respect of the whole of the disputed service, the licensing authority shall, before coming to a decision on the application,

4 A* 2

2202

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part v send to the applicant and the objector a copy of the statement submitted by the other party and hold an inquiry.

(6) Any statement to be submitted to a licensing authority under this section shall be submitted within such time and shall be in such form as the licensing authority may require.

Decision on 74.—(1) If no objection to an application is duly made

applications under section 73 of this Act, or if such an objection is duly

authorisations made under subsection (3 of that section, the licensing * authority shall, subject to subsection (7) of this section, grant the application or, as the case may be, grant it in respect of the part of the transport service to which the objection does not relate.

(2) If an objection to an application is duly made under the said section 73, the licensing authority—

(a) shall grant the application in respect of the whole of

the disputed service if satisfied that the condition mentioned in subsection (3) of this section is fulfilled in the case of the whole of the disputed service;

(b) shall grant the application in respect of any part of

the disputed service if satisfied that the said condition is fulfilled in the case of that part;

but, save as aforesaid and subject to subsection <4) of this section, the licensing authority shall refuse the application.

(3) The condition referred to in subsection (2) of this section is that the provision of the disputed service, or of the part of that service in question, by the objector, or a subsidiary of the objector, wholly or partly by rail, as compared with its provision in pursuance of the special authorisation, will be less advantageous for the person for whom the goods in question are to be carried.

(4) If in the case of the whole or any part of the disputed service the licensing authority is not satisfied as mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, the authority shall nevertheless grant the application in respect of the disputed service or of any part of it if satisfied—

(a) that the provision of the service, or of that part of it,

by the objector, or a subsidiary of the objector, wholly or partly by rail, as compared with its provision in pursuance of the special authorisation, will be equally advantageous for the person for whom the goods in question are to be carried; and

(b) that, if a special authorisation is not granted for the provision of the service or the part of it in question, serious detriment will result to a person (whether the

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2203

applicant himself or some other person) for whom the part v applicant provides or proposes to provide a transport service other than the disputed service or other than the part of it in question.

(5) The factors relevant for making the comparison mentioned in subsections (3) and (4)(a) of this section shall be speed, reliability, cost, and such other matters relevant to the needs of the person for whom the goods in question are to be carried as may be prescribed; and the licensing authority shall assess the relative importance of those factors by reference to the needs of the person for whom the goods in question are to be carried and to the nature of those goods.

(6) In assessing the factors mentioned in subsection (5) of this section and the detriment mentioned in subsection (4 of this section the licensing authority shall act in accordance with any directions contained in regulations made by the Minister.

(7) Where an application for a special authorisation is made by the Freight Corporation and no objection to it is made by the Railways Board, or where such an application is made by a subsidiary of that Corporation and no objection to it is made by that Board or by the Corporation, the licensing authority to whom the application is made shall grant the application only if and so far as he considers that it would have been granted if any objection reasonably open to the Board or, as the case may be, to the Board or the Corporation, had been made by them; and the licensing authority may for that purpose require the Board and the Corporation to give him such information and explanations as he may reasonably require.

(8) In exercising his functions under this section, a licensing authority may be assisted by an assessor drawn from a panel of persons appointed by the Minister for that purpose; and there shall be paid by the licensing authority to any such assessor in respect of his services remuneration on a scale prescribed by the Minister with the approval of the Treasury.

(9) In this section references to the person for whom any goods are to be carried are references, if the goods are to be carried for hire or reward, to the person for whom they are to be so carried, and, if the goods are to be carried by any person for or in connection with any trade or business carried on by him, to that person; and, subject to regulations under subsection (6) of this section, references to the cost of carrying any goods are references, where they are carried for hire or reward, to the charges made for their carriage and, where they are not so carried, to the cost of carrying them.

4 A* 3

2204

Part V

Expedited grant of special authorisation in cases of urgency.

Terms and conditions of special

authorisations. ,U1 ' *v""

special authonsation, and may attach thereto such other conditions as he thinks fit, including in particular conditions—

(a) as to the vehicles which may be used under the special authorisation;

(b) requiring the holder of the authorisation to make and preserve records as to his operations in pursuance of the authorisation;

(c) requiring the holder of the authorisation to secure that a copy of the conditions defining the transport service authorised by the authorisation is carried by the driver of any vehicle used by him for a purpose for which such an authorisation is required.

(2) In granting a special authorisation for the purposes of section 71(l)(a) of this Act the licensing authority shall include in the authorisation a statement as to whether any controlled journeys authorised by the authorisation may be undertaken in part by persons other than the holder of the authorisation; and, if the statement permits such journeys to be undertaken as aforesaid, the licensing authority may specify conditions to be observed by persons other than the holder of the licence who undertake such journeys.

(3) Any person who contravenes any condition attached under this section to a special authorisation of which he is the

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

75.—(1) If, on an application to a licensing authority for a special authorisation, it appears to the authority—

(a) that the application is made solely for the purpose of

enabling the applicant to provide a transport service in circumstances which he could not reasonably have foreseen; and

(b) that by reason of the urgency of the case the purposes

of the application would be defeated if it were dealt with in accordance with section 73 of this Act,

the licensing authority may grant that application without reference to that section if and so far as he considers that no objection to the application could reasonably have been made under that section or that any such objection could not reasonably have succeeded.

(2) Any special authorisation granted by virtue of this section shall expire at the end of the period of three months beginning with the date on which it comes into force or of such shorter period beginning with that date as the licensing authority may direct.

76.—(1) In granting a special authorisation the licensing authority shall attach thereto such conditions as he thinks requisite

fr\r nJncr fJiA trQncnnrt cArvirA ic qiitViAfloArl Kv tliA

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2205

holder, or, being a person who undertakes part of a controlled journey by virtue of a statement included in a special authorisation under subsection (2) of this section, contravenes any condition specified under that subsection, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200.

77. —(1) There shall be specified in every special authorisation the date on which the authorisation is to come into force.

(2) Regulations may specify the dates in the year on which special authorisations shall expire, and, subject to subsections

(3) and (4) of this section, a special authorisation shall, unless previously revoked, continue in force up till and including that one of the specified dates which occurs next before the expiration of the period of five years beginning with the date on which the authorisation came into force or of such shorter period beginning with that date as the licensing authority may direct.

(3) If at the date on which a special authorisation is due to expire, proceedings are pending before the licensing authority on an application by the holder of that authorisation for the grant to him of a new authorisation in substitution therefor, the existing authorisation shall continue in force until—

(a) that application; and

(b) any appeal under section 80 of this Act arising out of

the application,

are disposed of, without prejudice however to the exercise in the meantime of the powers conferred by section 79 of this Act

(4) Nothing in this section shall preclude the grant of a special authorisation authorising the carriage of goods only on occasions or in circumstances specified in the authorisation: and subsection (2) of this section shall not apply to any special authorisation granted by virtue of section 75 of this Act.

78. —(1) The holder of a special authorisation may at any time while it is in force apply to the licensing authority by whom it was granted for a variation thereof so as to permit him to provide under it a transport service differing in any respect from that already authorised thereby or for a variation of any condition attached to the licence under subsection (1) of section 76 of this Act or of any statement included in it under, or of any condition specified by virtue of, subsection (2) of that section.

(2) Subsections (2) and (3) of section 72 of this Act shall, so far as applicable and subject to any necessary modifications, apply to any application under this section as they apply to an application for a special authorisation.

4 A* 4

Part V

Duration of special

authorisations.

Variation of special

authorisations.

2206

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part v (3) Where a licensing authority receives an application under this section, the authority (unless satisfied that the grant of the application would not result in any material change in the transport service already authorised by the special authorisation) shall send copies of the application to any body to which they would be required to be sent under subsection (1) of section 73 of this Act if the application were an application under that section; and where copies of the application are so sent in pursuance of this subsection, the other provisions of that section and the provisions of section 74 of this Act shall, so far as applicable and subject to any necessary modifications, apply to that application as they apply to an application for a special authorisation.

Revocation 79.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the licensing

and suspension authority by whom a special authorisation was granted may authorisations, direct that it be revoked or suspended on the ground—

(a) that the holder has contravened section 71 of this

Act by using a large goods vehicle otherwise than as permitted by the authorisation or has contravened any condition attached to the authorisation under section 76 of this Act;

(b) that since the authorisation was granted the holder has been convicted under section 81(4) of this Act;

(c) that the holder of the authorisation made or procured

to be made for the purposes of his application for the authorisation, or for the purposes of an application for the variation of the authorisation, a statement of fact which (whether to his knowledge or not) was false, or a statement of intention or expectation which has not been fulfilled; or

(d) that there has been since the authorisation was granted or varied a material change in any of the circumstances of the holder of the authorisation which were relevant to the grant or variation of the authorisation;

and during any time of suspension the authorisation shall be of no effect.

(2) In any case in which a licensing authority has power to give a direction under subsection (1) of this section in respect of any authorisation, the authority shall also have power to direct that any alteration be made in its terms so as to restrict in any respect the transport service which it authorises, or that there be attached to the authorisation any, or any additional, condition such as is mentioned in section 76 of this Act, or that any such condition be altered.

(3) Where the licensing authority directs that a special authorisation be revoked, the authority may order the person who

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2207

was the holder thereof to be disqualified, indefinitely or for such Part V period as the authority thinks fit, from holding or obtaining a special authorisation, and so long as the disqualification is in force—

(a) notwithstanding anything in section 74 or 75 of this Act,

no special authorisation shall be granted to him and any special authorisation obtained by him shall be of no effect; and

(b) if he applies for or obtains a special authorisation he

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200.

An order under this subsection may be limited so as to apply only to the holding or obtaining of a special authorisation in respect of the area of one or more specified licensing authorities and, if the order is so limited, paragraphs (a) and of this subsection shall apply only to any special authorisation to which the order applies.

(4) A licensing authority who has made an order under subsection (3) of this section may, in such circumstances as may be prescribed, cancel that order.

(5) Where the licensing authority gives a direction under this section in respect of a special authorisation held by any person, the authority may also direct that any operator's licence held by that person be revoked, suspended or curtailed and, if he directs that it be revoked, may exercise the powers conferred by section 69(5) to (7) of this Act; and the provisions of section 69(8), (9) and (10) and of section 70(1)(6) of this Act shall apply to any direction or order given or made under or by virtue of this subsection as they apply to any direction or order given or made under any provision of section 69 of this Act.

(6) The licensing authority shall not exercise any of his powers under subsection (1), (2) or (3) of this section in respect of any authorisation or the holder of any authorisation without first holding an inquiry, if the holder of the authorisation requests him to do so.

(7) The licensing authority may direct that any direction or order given or made by him under subsection (1), (2) or (3) of this section shall not take effect until the expiration of the time within which an appeal may be made to the Transport Tribunal against the direction or order and, if such an appeal is made, until the appeal has been disposed of; and if the licensing authority refuses to give a direction under this subsection the holder of the authorisation may apply to the tribunal for such a direction, and the tribunal shall give its decision on the application within fourteen days.

2208

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part V Rights of appeal in connection with special authorisations.

80.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, a person who—

(a) being an applicant for. or for the variation of. a special authorisation, is aggrieved by the refusal of the application or, as the case may be, by the terms or conditions of the authorisation or of the variation; or

(b) being the holder of a special authorisation in respect of which, or a person in respect of whom, a direction or order has been given or made under section 79(1),

(2) or (3) of this Act, is aggrieved by that direction or order; or

(c) having duly made an objection to an application for, or for the variation of, a special authorisation, is aggrieved by the grant of the application,

may appeal to the Transport Tribunal.

(2) No appeal shall lie under subsection (1) of this section on the ground that a direction has been given under section 77(2) of this Act in the case of a special authorisation granted to any person if the effect of the direction is that the authorisation will expire on the same day as an operator’s licence held by that person.

Enforcement

Consignment 81.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, no goods

notes. shall be carried on a large goods vehicle unless a document (in

this section referred to as a " consignment note ") in the prescribed form and containing the prescribed particulars has been completed and signed in the prescribed manner and is carried by the driver of the vehicle.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply—

(a) to the carriage of goods on any journey or in a vehicle

of any class exempted from that subsection by regulations; or

(b) to any carriage of goods which is lawful without the authority of an operator’s licence;

and, subject to the provisions of regulations, a licensing authority may dispense with the observance, as respects the carriage of goods under an operator’s licence granted by him, of any requirement of that subsection, and may grant such a dispensation either generally, or as respects a particular vehicle, or as respects the use of vehicles for a particular purpose, but he shall not grant such a dispensation unless satisfied that it is not reasonably practicable for the requirement dispensed with to be observed.

(3) The consignment note relating to the goods carried by a vehicle on any journey shall, at the conclusion of that journey.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2209

be preserved for the prescribed period by the person who used Part V the vehicle (or, if the journey was a controlled journey within the meaning of section 71 of this Act, the last vehicle) for carrying the goods on that journey.

(4) Any person who uses or drives a vehicle in contravention of subsection (1) of this section or who fails to comply with subsection (3) thereof shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200.

82.—(1) An officer may, on production if so required of his Powers of authority, require any person to produce and permit him to entry and inspect and copy— inspection.

(a) any record or other document which is required by or

under section 76 or 81 of this Act to be carried by that person as driver of a vehicle;

(b) any record or other document which that person is required by or under either of those sections to preserve;

and that record or document shall, if the officer so requires by notice in writing served on that person, be produced at the office of the licensing authority specified in the notice within such time (not being less than ten days) from the service of the notice as may be so specified.

(2) An officer may, on production if so required of his authority—

(a) at any time, enter any large goods vehicle and inspect

that vehicle and any goods carried by it;

(b) at any time which is reasonable having regard to the

circumstances of the case, enter any premises on which he has reason to believe that such a vehicle is kept or that any such records or documents as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section are to be found, and inspect any such vehicle, and inspect and copy any such record or document, which he finds there.

(3) For the purpose of exercising his powers under subsection

(l)(a) or (2)(a) of this section, an officer may detain the vehicle in question during such time as is required for the exercise of that power.

(4) An officer may, at any time which is reasonable having regard to the circumstances of the case, enter any premises of an applicant for an operator’s licence or of the holder of such a licence and inspect any facilities on those premises for maintaining the authorised vehicles in a fit and serviceable condition.

2210

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part V (5) Any person who—

(a) fails to comply with any requirement under subsection

(1) of this section; or

(b) obstructs an officer in the exercise of his powers under

subsection (2), (3) or (4) of this section,

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

£100.

(6) If an officer has reason to believe that a document or article carried on or by the driver of a vehicle, or a document produced to him in pursuance of this Part of this Act or Schedule 9 thereto, is a document or article in relation to which an offence has been committed under—

(a) section 83 of this Act; or

(b) section 233 or 235 of the Act of 1960 as amended by

Schedule 10 to this Act,

he may seize that document or article; and where a document or article is seized as aforesaid and within six months of the date on which it was seized no person has been charged since that date with an offence in relation to that document or article under any of those sections and that document or article is still detained, a magistrates' court shall, on an application made for the purpose by the driver or owner of the vehicle, by the person from whom die document was seized or by an officer, make such order respecting the disposal of the document or article and award such costs as the justice of the case may require.

(7) Any proceedings in Scotland under the last foregoing subsection shall be taken by way of summary application in the sheriff court; and in the application of that subsection to Scotland references to costs shall be construed as references to expenses.

(8) In this section "officer" means an examiner appointed under Part IV of the Act of 1960 and any person authorised for the purposes of this section by the licensing authority for any area.

(9) The powers conferred by this section on an officer as defined in subsection (8) of this section shall be exercisable also by a police constable who shall not, if wearing uniform, be required to produce any authority.

Falsification consignment notes and records.

of 83. Any person who makes, or causes to be made, any record or other document required to be made under section 76 or 81 of this Act which he knows to be false or, with intent to deceive, alters or causes to be altered any such record or document shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £200;

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2211

(b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term Part v not exceeding two years.

84. In any proceedings for an offence under this Part of Evidence by this Act or Schedule 9 thereto a certificate signed by or on certificate, behalf of a licensing authority and stating—

(a) that, on any date, a person was or was not the holder

of an operator’s licence, a special authorisation or a transport manager’s licence granted by the authority;

(b) the dates of the coming into force and expiration of

any such licence or authorisation granted by the authority;

(c) the terms and conditions of any operator's licence or

special authorisation granted by the authority;

(d) that a person is by virtue of an order of the authority

disqualified from holding or obtaining an operator’s licence, a special authorisation or a transport manager’s licence indefinitely or for a specified period;

(e) that a direction, having effect indefinitely or for a

specified period, has been given by the licensing authority under section 69(6) of this Act in relation to any person;

if)that, on any date or during any specified period, any such licence or authorisation granted by the authority was of no effect by reason of a direction that it be suspended,

shall be evidence, and in Scotland sufficient evidence, of the facts stated; and a certificate stating any of the matters aforesaid and purporting to be signed by or on behalf of a licensing authority shall be deemed to be so signed unless the contrary is proved.

Supplementary

85.—(1) The Minister may by regulations make provision Holding for the purpose of enabling any company, or other body cor- companies and porate, which has one or more subsidiaries to hold— subsidiaries.

(a) an operator’s licence under which the authorised vehicles consist of or include vehicles belonging to or in the possession of any of its subsidiaries;

(b) a special authorisation under which the transport service to which it relates may be provided by any of its subsidiaries.

(2) Regulations under this section may modify or supplement any of the provisions of this Part of this Act or Schedules 9 and 10 thereto so far as appears to the Minister to be necessary or

2212

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part V expedient for the purpose mentioned in subsection (1) of this section or in connection therewith, and may contain such other supplementary and incidental provisions as appear to the Minister to be requisite.

Operators’ 86. Subject to any provision made by regulations under

licences and section 85 of this Act, an operator’s licence and a special

authorisation shall not be capable of being transferred or be transferable, assigned, but provision may be made by regulations for treating a person carrying on the trade or business of the holder of an operator’s licence or special authorisation as if he were the holder thereof (for such purposes, for such period and to such extent as may be specified in the regulations), in the event of the death, incapacity, bankruptcy or liquidation of the holder, or of the appointment of a receiver or manager in relation to the trade or business.

Inquiries. 87.—(1) A licensing authority may hold such inquiries as

he thinks necessary for the proper exercise of his functions under this Part of this Act or Schedule 9 thereto.

(2) Where an application by any person for an operator’s licence and an application by him for a special authorisation are both pending before a licensing authority, the authority may hold a single inquiry for the purpose of both applications.

(3) Where, as respects the proposed exercise of his powers on any occasion under section 69 or 79 of this Act, a licensing authority receives a request for an inquiry from two or more persons he may hold a single inquiry in response to both or all of those requests.

(4) Subject to any provision made by regulations, any inquiry held by a licensing authority for the purposes of this Part of this Act or Schedule 9 thereto shall be held in public.

(5) Information with respect to any particular trade or business which is given at any such inquiry while admission to the inquiry is restricted in accordance with regulations shall not, so long as that trade or business continues to be carried on, be disclosed except—

ia)with the consent of the person for the time being carrying on that trade or business; or

(b) for the purpose of the discharge by any person of his functions under this Part of this Act or Schedule 9 thereto; or

(c) with a view to the institution of, or otherwise for the purposes of, any legal proceedings pursuant to or arising out of this Part of this Act or Schedule 9

Transport Act

Ch. 73

2213

thereto (including proceedings before the Transport Part V Tribunal);

and any person who discloses any information in contravention of this subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200.

88. —(1) On an appeal to the Transport Tribunal under this Provisions Part of this Act or Schedule 9 thereto against the decision of any relating to licensing authority, the tribunal shall have power to make such ^r¥lsP°rt order as it thinks fit and any such order shall be binding on the J nmmah licensing authority.

(2) For the purpose of exercising the jurisdiction of the Transport Tribunal under this Part of this Act and Schedule 9 thereto—

(a) the Road Haulage Appeals Division of the tribunal shall consist of the president of the tribunal and two members of the tribunal of whom one shall be a person of experience in transport business or commercial affairs and the other a person of experience in financial matters or economics; and (b) that Division or any person or persons appointed under section 57(5) of the Act of 1962 may be assisted by an assessor drawn from a panel of persons appointed by the Lord Chancellor for that purpose after consultation with the Minister and the Secretary of State; and the provisions of paragraph 6(2) and (3) of Schedule 10 to tihe Act of 1962 shall apply to a member of that panel as they apply to a member of the special panel nominated by the Lord Chancellor, and paragraph 8(1) of that Schedule shall apply to a person giving such assistance as aforesaid as it applies to a person who is appointed from the special panel.

(3) The Transport Tribunal may remit the whole or any part of any fee in respect of an appeal to the tribunal under this Part of this Act or Schedule 9 thereto if the applicant satisfies the tribunal that by reason of his poverty it is reasonable so to do.

(4) An appeal to the Transport Tribunal from a decision of the licensing authority for an area in Scotland shall be heard in Scotland.

89. —(l) Such fees, payable at such times, and whether in fees, one sum or by instalments, as may be prescribed shall be charged

by the licensing authority in respect of the grant or variation of operators’ licences and special authorisations and in respect of the grant of transport managers* licences.

(2) All fees payable under this Part of this Act or Schedule 9 thereto shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund in such manner as the Treasury may direct.

2214

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part V

Appointment

and

remuneration of officers and servants.

Regulations and orders for purposes of Part V.

90.—(1) Subject to the consent of the Treasury as to number, the Minister may appoint such officers and servants as he considers necessary for the operation of the provisions of this Part of this Act and Schedule 9 thereto.

(2) There shall be paid to licensing authorities and persons acting as officers or servants of a licensing authority such remuneration or salaries and such allowances, if any. as the Minister may. with the consent of the Treasury, determine.

(3) In every year there shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament such sums as the Minister may. with the consent of the Treasury, direct in respect of—

(< a)remuneration, salaries and allowances under subsection

(2) of this section; and

(b) the establishment charges and other expenses of licensing authorities (including any remuneration paid by them to any assessor) and of any officers or servants appointed by the Minister for the purposes of this Part of this Act and Schedule 9 thereto.

91.—(1) The Minister may make regulations for any purpose for which regulations may be made under this Part of this Act and for prescribing anything which may be prescribed under this Part of this Act and generally for the purpose of carrying this Part of this Act into effect and, in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this subsection, may make regulations with respect to the following matters—

(a) the procedure on applications for, and the determination

of questions in connection with, the grant and variation of operators* licences and special authorisations, and the procedure under, and the determination of questions for the purposes of, sections 69 and 79 of this Act;

(b) the issue of operators* licences and special authorisations

and the issue on payment of the prescribed fee of copies of such licences or authorisations in the case of licences or authorisations lost or defaced;

(c) the means by which vehicles may be identified, whether

by plates, marks or otherwise, as being authorised vehicles or as vehicles used under a special authorisation or under section 71(4) of this Act;

(i d)the custody of operators* licences and special authorisa-

tions, the production, return and cancellation of such licences or authorisations on expiration or on the giving of a direction under section 69 or 79 of this Act, and

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2215

the custody, production and return of documents and plates;

(e) the notification to the licensing authority of vehicles which have ceased to be used under an operator's licence or special authorisation;

if) the repayment in the prescribed circumstances of fees paid under this Part of this Act;

(g) the circumstances in which goods are to be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act as carried for hire or reward and the circumstances in which goods are to be treated for those purposes as carried by any person for or in connection with a trade or business carried on by him;

and different regulations may be made as respects different classes of vehicles.

(2) The power conferred by subsection (1) of this section to make regulations with respect to the means by which vehicles are to be identified as being authorised vehicles or as vehicles used under a special authorisation shall include power to require that any such means of identification prescribed for a vehicle shall be carried notwithstanding that for the time being the vehicle is not being used for a purpose for which an operator's licence or special authorisation is required.

(3) The Minister may by regulations substitute for any weight, distance, volume or area specified by or under this Part of this Act a weight, distance, volume or area expressed in terms of the metric system, being a weight, distance, volume or area which is equivalent to that for which it is substituted or does not differ from it by more than five per cent, thereof.

(4) The Minister may make regulations—

(a) for providing that any provision of this Part of this

Act shall, in relation to vehicles brought temporarily into Great Britain, have effect subject to such modifications as may be prescribed;

(b) for applying section 71 of this Act and the other provisions of this Part of this Act relating to special authorisations, subject to such modifications as may be prescribed, to the carriage of goods on journeys between places in Great Britain and places outside Great Britain;

and different provision may be made by the regulations for different classes of case.

(5) A definition or description of a class of vehicles for the purposes of any regulation under this Part of this Act may be

Part V

2216

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part V

Interpretation of Part V.

framed by reference to any characteristic of the vehicles or to any other circumstances whatsoever.

(6) Any person who contravenes a provision of regulations under this section, a contravention of which is declared by the regulations to be an offence, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £20.

(7) Any order or regulations made by the Minister under this Part of this Act or Schedule 9 thereto shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(8) Before making any regulations under this Part of this Act or the said Schedule 9, the Minister shall consult with such representative organisations as he thinks fit.

92.—(1) In this Part of this Act and Schedule 9 thereto, unless the context otherwise requires—

" articulated combination " means a combination made up of—

(a) a motor vehicle which is so constructed that a trailer may by partial superimposition be attached to the vehicle in such a manner as to cause a substantial part of the weight of the trailer to be borne by the vehicle, and

(b) a trailer attached to it as aforesaid;

"authorised vehicle" means, in relation to an operator’s licence, a vehicle authorised to be used thereunder, whether or not it is for the time being in use for a purpose for which an operator’s licence is required and whether it is specified therein as so authorised or, being of a type so authorised subject to a maximum number, belongs to the holder of the licence or is in his possession under an agreement for hire-purchase, hire or loan;

" carriage of goods " includes haulage of goods;

" carrier’s licence " means a licence granted under Part IV of the Act of 1960;

" contravention ", in relation to any condition or provision, includes a failure to comply with the condition or provision, and " contravenes " shall be construed accordingly;

" driver " means, in relation to a trailer, the driver of the vehicle by which the trailer is drawn and "drive" shall be construed accordingly;

" goods " includes goods or burden of any description;

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2217

"goods vehicle" means, subject to subsection (5) of this section, a motor vehicle constructed or adapted for use for the carriage of goods, or a trailer so constructed or adapted;

" large goods vehicle " shall be construed in accordance with section 71 of this Act;

" operating centre " means, in relation to any vehicles, the base or centre from which the vehicles are, or are intended to be, normally used;

"prescribed" means prescribed by regulations; "regulations" means regulations made by the Minister under this Part of this Act;

" subsidiary " means a subsidiary as defined by section 154 of the Companies Act 1948;

" vehicle combination " means a combination of goods vehicles made up of one or more motor vehicles and one or more trailers all of which are linked together when travelling; and any expression not defined above which is also used in the Act of 1960 has the same meaning as in that Act.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the driver of a vehicle, if it belongs to him or is in his possession under an agreement for hire, hire-purchase or loan, and in any other case the person whose servant or agent the driver is, shall be deemed to be the person using the vehicle; and references to using a vehicle shall be construed accordingly.

(3) In this Part of this Act references to directing that an operator’s licence be curtailed are references to directing (with effect for the remainder of the duration of the licence or for any shorter period) all or any of the following, that is to say—

(a) that any one or more of the vehicles specified in the

licence be removed therefrom;

(b) that the maximum number of trailers or of motor

vehicles specified in the licence in pursuance of section 61(l)(h) or (c) of this Act be reduced;

(c) that the addition of authorised vehicles under the said

section 61(l)(c) be no longer permitted.

(4) In this Part of this Act, references to the bankruptcy of a person shall, as respects Scotland, be construed as references to an award of sequestration having been made of his estate.

(5) In this Part of this Act and Schedule 9 thereto, references to goods vehicles do not include references to tramcars or trolley vehicles operated under statutory powers within the meaning of section 259 of the Act of 1960.

(6) Anything required or authorised by this Part of this Act to be done to or by a licensing authority by whom a licence

Part V

1948 c. 38.

2218

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part V

Carriers’ licences not to be required for small vehicles ot for medium vehicles covered by operators’ licences.

Transitional

provisions

and

amendments.

or authorisation was granted may be done to or by any person for the time being acting as licensing authority for the area for which the first-mentioned authority was acting at the time of the granting of the licence or authorisation.

Abolition of carriers' licensing for certain vehicles

93. —(1) Section 164 of the Act of 1960 (users of goods vehicles to hold carriers* licences) shall cease to apply to the use of any vehicle the unladen weight of which does not exceed thirty hundredweight and any carrier’s licence so far as it authorises the use of such a vehicle shall cease to have effect.

(2) The said section 164 shall not apply to the use of any vehicle for the use of which an operator’s licence is required, unless that vehicle is a large goods vehicle.

Transitional provisions and amendments

94. —(1) Where, before the day on which section 60 of this Act comes into force in relation to any vehicles, an application for an operator’s licence is made in respect of those vehicles by a person who is the holder of a carrier’s licence in respect of all or any of those vehicles, section 63 of this Act shall not apply to the application and section 64 of this Act shall apply to it with the omission of subsection (2)(h), (c) and (e).

(2) Notwithstanding section 171(3) of the Act of 1960 (which requires an application for a G licence under Part IV of that Act to be made to the licensing authority for the area in which the principal place of business of the applicant or his head office is situated), any application for such a licence in respect of vehicles which consist of or include vehicles in relation to which section 60 erf this Act has come into force shall be made to the licensing authority (within the meaning of the said Part TV) for the area containing the operating centre or operating centres of the vehicles proposed to be used under the licence.

(3) The Minister may, if he thinks fit, by order provide for section 65 of this Act to have effect in relation to any, or any class of, persons who on any day appointed for the purposes of that section under section 166(2) of this Act hold, or have applied for, operators* licences, and may by that order make such provisions as he thinks necessary or expedient for securing that the necessary matters are specified in those licences for giving effect to that section as aforesaid.

(4) If, on the appointed day for the purposes of section 71 of this Act, a person is the holder of a relevant carrier’s licence, that is to say, a carrier’s licence under which a large goods vehicle is an authorised vehicle, that section shall not apply to the use

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2219

by him of any vehicle which is an authorised vehicle under that licence—

(a) until the expiration of the period of three weeks beginning with—

(i) the date on which he ceases to hold that licence;

or

(ii) the date on which he ceases to hold any other relevant carrier’s licence of which he is the holder on that appointed day and which was granted to him by the same licensing authority,

whichever is the earlier; and

(b) if before the expiration of that period he duly applies—

(i) for a special authorisation covering the use of that vehicle; or

(ii) if he already holds a special authorisation which does not cover the use of that vehicle, for a variation thereof so that it does cover the use of that vehicle,

until that application, and any appeal under section 80 of this Act arising out of the application, are disposed of;

but, during any time for which the said section 71 does not by virtue of this subsection apply to the use by him of that vehicle, the relevant carrier’s licence shall be deemed to be held by him and to be in force notwithstanding that he has ceased to be the holder thereof.

(5) Without prejudice to so much of subsection (4) of this section as provides that a licence is to be deemed during any period to be held by a person and to be in force—

(a) regulations may make provision for enabling a licensing

authority, in such circumstances and subject to such conditions as may be specified in regulations, to direct that any carrier’s licence granted by the authority which is held by any person on the appointed day for the purposes of section 71 of this Act shall expire on a date earlier than that on which it would have expired under the provisions of section 169 of the Act of 1960 (which relates to the duration of carrier’s licences); and

(b) a person who is the holder of a carrier’s licence on the

appointed day aforesaid may, by notice to the licensing authority by whom the licence was granted, surrender that licence from such date as may be specified in the notice, and as from that date the licence shall cease to have effect.

Part V

2220

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part V

1959 c. 69.

(6) Where a carrier’s licence granted by the licensing authority for any area expires by virtue of a direction given under subsection (5)(a) of this section, then, if on an application for a special authorisation made to the licensing authority for that area by the person who was the holder of the licence, it appears to the licensing authority—

(a) that the application could not be granted, or could not be granted in full, if it were determined in accordance with section 74 of this Act; but

(b) that the applicant would suffer financial hardship if the powers of the authority under this subsection were not exercised,

the licensing authority may, notwithstanding anything in that section, grant the applicant a special authorisation which is such as to permit him to continue to provide, until the date on which the licence would apart from that direction have expired, or for any shorter period, a transport service corresponding to that which he was entitled to provide under the licence.

(7) The enactments specified in Part I of Schedule 10 to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments there specified.

(8) On the appointed day for the purposes of this subsection—

(a) the enactments specified in Part II of Schedule 10 to

this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments there specified; and

(b) the enactments specified in Part IV of Schedule 18 to this Act shall cease to have effect to the extent specified in the third column of that Part;

but, if the appointed day for the purposes of this subsection is the same as that for the purposes of section 71 of this Act, this subsection shall not affect the operation of those enactments in relation to any carrier’s licence held by any person on that day during the period for which it is, or by virtue of subsection

(4) of this section is deemed to be, in force after that day.

(9) Regulations may provide for the repayment in the prescribed circumstances of fees paid under section 182 of the Act of 1960 in respect of carriers’ licences which are in force on the appointed day for the purpose of the last foregoing subsection.

(10) If on the appointed day for the purposes of subsection (8) of this section—

(a) the operation of a wages regulation order in force under

Part II of the Wages Councils Act 1959 depends on whether or not a vehicle is, or is deemed to be, specified in an A licence or a B licence granted under Part IV of the Act of 1960; or

(b) the description of the workers in relation to whom

the Road Haulage Wages Council operates under that

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

Act is such as to depend on whether or not a vehicle is, or is deemed to be, specified as aforesaid,

then, for the purposes of that order and that description, any vehicle which immediately before that day is, or for those purposes is deemed to be, specified as aforesaid, shall be treated as so specified on and after that day; and if on or after the day on which section 93 of this Act comes into force the operation of any such order depends on the matters mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection, or the description of the workers in relation to whom the said Council operates is such as mentioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection, then, for the purposes of that order and that description, any vehicle not specified as aforesaid shall be treated as so specified if used wholly or mainly for a purpose for which, but for the said section 93, an A licence or a B licence would be required.

Part VI

Drivers* Hours

95.—(1) This Part of this Act shall have effect with a view to securing the observance of proper hours of work by persons engaged in the carriage of passengers or goods by road and thereby protecting the public against the risks which arise in cases where the drivers of motor vehicles are suffering from fatigue.

(2) This Part of this Act applies to—

(a) passenger vehicles, that is to say—

(i) public service vehicles; and

(ii) motor vehicles (other than public service vehicles) constructed or adapted to carry more than twelve passengers;

(b) goods vehicles, that is to say—

(i) heavy locomotives, light locomotives, motor tractors and any motor vehicle so constructed that a trailer may by partial superimposition be attached to the vehicle in such a manner as to cause a substantial part of the weight of the trailer to be borne by the vehicle; and

(ii) motor vehicles (except those mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection) constructed or adapted to carry goods other than the effects of passengers.

(3) This Part of this Act applies to any such person as follows (in this Part of this Act referred to as " a driver *), that is to say—

(a) a person who drives a vehicle to which this Part of this Act applies in the course of his employment (in this Part of this Act referred to as " an employee-driver *); and

2221

Party

Vehicles and drivers subject to control under Part VI.

2222

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VI

Permitted driving time and periods of duty.

(b) a person who drives such a vehicle for the purposes of a trade or business carried on by him (in this Part of this Act referred to as " an owner-driver ");

and in this Part of this Act references to driving by any person are references to his driving as aforesaid.

96.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a driver shall not on any working day drive a vehicle or vehicles to which this Part of this Act applies for periods amounting in the aggregate to more than ten hours.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, if on any working day a driver has been on duty for a period of, or for periods amounting in the aggregate to, five and a half hours and—

(a) there has not been during that period, or during or between any of those periods, an interval of not less than half an hour in which he was able to obtain rest and refreshment; and

(b) the end of that period, or of the last of those periods, does not mark the end of that working day,

there shall at the end of that period, or of the last of those periods, be such an interval as aforesaid.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section, the working day of a driver—

(a) except where paragraph (b) or (c) of this subsection applies, shall not exceed eleven hours;

(b) if during that day he is off duty for a period which is,

or periods which taken together are, not less than the time by which his working day exceeds eleven hours, shall not exceed twelve and a half hours;

(c) if during that day—

(i) all the time when he is driving vehicles to which this Part of this Act applies is spent in driving one or more express carriages or contract carriages; and

(ii) he is able for a period of not less than four hours to obtain rest and refreshment,

shall not exceed fourteen hours.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this section, there shall be, between any two successive working days of a driver, an interval for rest which—

(a) subject to paragraph (b) of this subsection, shall not be

of less than eleven hours;

(b) if during both those days all or the greater part of the

time when he is driving vehicles to which this Part of this Act applies is spent in driving one or more passenger vehicles, may, on one occasion in each

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2223

working week, be of less than eleven hours but not of Part VI less than nine and a half hours;

and for the purposes of this Part of this Act a period of time shall not be treated, in the case of an employee-driver, as not being an interval for rest by reason only that he may be called upon to report for duty if required.

(5) Subject to the provisions of this section a driver shall not be on duty in any working week for periods amounting in the aggregate to more than sixty hours.

(6) Subject to the provisions of this section, there shall be, in the case of each working week of a driver, a period of not less than twenty-four hours for which he is off duty, being a period either falling wholly in that week or beginning in that week and ending in the next week; but—

(a) where the requirements of the foregoing provisions of

this subsection have been satisfied in the case of any week by reference to a period ending in the next week, no part of that period (except any part after the expiration of the first twenty-four hours of it) shall be taken into account for the purpose of satisfying those requirements in the case of the next week; and

(b) those requirements need not be satisfied in the case of

any working week of a driver who on each working day falling wholly or partly in that week drives one or more stage carriages if that week is immediately preceded by a week in the case of which those requirements have been satisfied as respects that driver or during which he has not at any time been on duty.

(7) If in the case of the working week of any driver the following requirement is satisfied, that is to say, that, in each of the periods of twenty-four hours beginning at midnight which make up that week, the driver does not drive a vehicle to which this Part of this Act applies for a period of, or periods amounting in the aggregate to, more than four hours, the foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to him in that week, except that the provisions of subsections (1), (2) and (3) shall nevertheless have effect in relation to the whole of any working day falling partly in that week and partly in a working week in the case of which that requirement is not satisfied.

(8) If on any working day a driver does not drive any vehicle to which this Part of this Act applies—

(a) subsections (2) and (3) of this section shall not apply to

that day, and

(b) the period or periods of duty attributable to that day

for the purposes of subsection (5) of this section shall, if amounting to more than eleven hours, be treated as amounting to eleven hours only.

4 B

2224

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VI (9) For the purposes of subsections (1) and (7) of this section no account shall be taken of any time spent driving a vehicle elsewhere than on a road if the vehicle is being so driven in the course of operations of agriculture or forestry.

(10) For the purpose of enabling drivers to deal with cases of emergency or otherwise to meet a special need, the Minister may by regulations—

(a) create exemptions from all or any of the requirements of subsections (1) to (6) of this section in such cases and subject to such conditions as may be specified in the regulations;

(b) empower the traffic commissioners or licensing authority for any area, subject to the provisions of the regulations—

(i) to dispense with the observance of all or any of those requirements (either generally or in such circumstances or to such extent as the commissioners or authority think fit) in any particular case for which provision is not made under paragraph (a) of this subsection;

(ii) to grant a certificate (which, for the purposes of any proceedings under this Part of this Act, shall be conclusive evidence of the facts therein stated) that any particular case falls or fell within any exemption created under the said paragraph (a);

and regulations under this subsection may enable any dispensation under paragraph (h)(i) of this subsection to be granted retrospectively and provide for a document purporting to be a certificate granted by virtue of paragraph (6)(ii) of this subsection to be accepted in evidence without further proof.

(11) If any of the requirements of subsections (1) to (6) of this section, or any condition having effect by virtue of regulations made under subsection (10) thereof, is contravened in the case of any driver—

(a) that driver; and

(b) any other person (being that driver’s employer or a

person to whose orders that driver was subject) who caused or permitted the contravention,

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200; but a person shall not be liable to be convicted under this subsection if he proves to the court—

(i) that the contravention was due to unavoidable delay in the completion of a journey arising out of circumstances which he could not reasonably have foreseen; or

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2225

(ii) in the case of a person charged under paragraph ( ) of Part VI this subsection, that the contravention was due to the fact that the driver had for any particular period or periods driven or been on duty otherwise than in the employment of that person or, as the case may be, otherwise than in the employment in which he is subject to the orders of that person, and that the person charged was not, and could not reasonably have become, aware of that fact.

(12) The Minister may by order—

(a) direct that subsection (1) of this section shall have effect

with the substitution for the reference to ten hours of a reference to nine hours, either generally or with such exceptions as may be specified in the order;

(b) direct that paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of this

section shall have effect with the substitution for the reference to eleven hours of a reference to any shorter period, or remove, modify or add to the provisions of that subsection containing exceptions to the said paragraph (a);

(c) remove, modify or add to any of the requirements of

subsections (2), (4), (5) or (6) of this section or any of the exemptions provided for by subsections (7), (8) and (9) thereof;

and any order under this subsection may contain such transitional and supplementary provisions as the Minister thinks necessary or expedient, including provisions amending any definition in section 103 of this Act which is relevant to any of the provisions affected by the order.

97.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, no driver Installation shall drive a vehicle to which this Part of this Act applies unless— aj}d operation

(a) there is installed in the vehicle in the prescribed place equipment

and manner equipment for recording information as to in vehicles, the use of the vehicle, being equipment of such type or design as may be prescribed or approved by the Minister for the purposes of this section; and

(b) that equipment is in working order.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to—

(a) a small goods vehicle as defined in section 103(6) of this

Act; or

(b) a vehicle of any class exempted from that subsection by

regulations made by the Minister;

and paragraph (b) of that subsection shall not apply in such cases as may be specified by regulations made by the Minister.

4 B 2

2226

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VI

Written

records.

(3) The Minister may make regulations—

(a) imposing on the owner and driver of any vehicle in

which equipment is installed for the purposes of this section, and the employer of an employee-driver, duties—

(i) as to the working of the equipment and for preventing misuse thereof;

(ii) as to any keys or other appliances used in connection with the equipment, including the keeping and preservation of records in connection with such keys or appliances;

(b) imposing on the owner of any vehicle in which equip-

ment is installed for the purposes of this section duties as to the preservation of any records produced by means of the equipment.

(4) Any person who—

(a) contravenes subsection (1) of this section; or

(b) being the employer of any other person, or a person

to whose orders any other person is subject, causes or permits that other person to contravene that subsection; or

(c) contravenes any regulations made under subsection (3)

of this section,

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200; but a person shall not be liable to be convicted by virtue of paragraph (a) or (b) of this subsection by reason of a contravention of subsection (1 )(b) of this section if he proves to the court that the equipment in the vehicle in question ceased to be in working order in the course of a journey being undertaken by that vehicle, that neither he nor (if a different person) the driver of the vehicle was responsible for the equipment ceasing to be in working order and that the journey was not continued after it had become reasonably practicable in all the circumstances for the equipment to be restored to working order.

(5) A record produced by means of equipment installed for the purposes of this section in any vehicle shall, in any proceedings under this Part of this Act, be evidence of the matters appearing from the record.

98.—(1) The Minister may make regulations—

(a) for requiring drivers to keep, and employers of employee-drivers to cause to be kept, in such books as may be specified in the regulations records with respect to such matters relevant to the enforcement of this Part of this Act as may be so specified; and

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2227

(b) for requiring owner-drivers and the employers of

employee-drivers to maintain such registers as may be so specified with respect to any such books as aforesaid which are in their possession or in that of any employee-drivers in their employment.

(2) Regulations under this section may contain such supplementary and incidental provisions as the Minister thinks necessary or expedient, including in particular provisions—

(a) specifying the person or persons from whom books and registers required for the purposes of the regulations are to be obtained and, if provision is made for them to be obtained from the Minister, charging a fee for their issue by him (which shall be payable into the Consolidated Fund);

(b) as to the form and manner of making of entries in such books and registers;

(c) as to the issue by and return to the employers of

employee-drivers of books required to be kept by the latter for the purposes of the regulations;

(d) requiring any book in current use for the purposes of

the regulations to be carried on, or by the driver of, any vehicle, as to the preservation of any books and registers used for those purposes, and otherwise as to the manner in which those books and registers are to be dealt with;

(e) for exemptions from all or any of the requirements of

the regulations in respect of drivers of small goods vehicles as defined in section 103(6) of this Act and for other exemptions from all or any of those requirements.

(3) Subject to the provisions of any regulations made by the Minister, the traffic commissioners or licensing authority for any area may dispense with the observance by any employee-driver or his employer, or by any owner-driver, of any requirement imposed under this section, either generally or in such circumstances or to such extent as the commissioners or authority think fit, but the traffic commissioners or licensing authority shall not grant such a dispensation unless satisfied that it is not reasonably practicable for the requirement dispensed with to be observed.

(4) Any person who contravenes any regulations made under this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200; but the employer of an employee-driver shall not be liable to be convicted under this subsection by reason of contravening any such regulation whereby he is required to cause any records to be kept if he proves to the court that he has given proper instructions to his employees with

4 B 3

Part VI

2228

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VI

Inspection of records and other documents.

respect to the keeping of the records and has from time to time taken reasonable steps to secure that those instructions are being carried out.

(5) Any entry made by an employee-driver for the purposes of regulations under this section shall, in any proceedings under this Part of this Act, be admissible in evidence against his employer.

99.—(1) An officer may, on production if so required of his authority, require any person to produce, and permit him to inspect and copy—

(a) any book or register which that person is required by

regulations under section 98 of this Act to carry or have in his possession for the purpose of making in it any entry required by those regulations or which is required under those regulations to be carried on any vehicle of which that person is the driver;

(b) any record, book or register which that person is

required by regulations under section 97 or 98 of this Act to preserve;

(c) if that person is the owner of a vehicle to which this

Part of this Act applies, any other document of that person which the officer may reasonably require to inspect for the purpose of ascertaining whether the provisions of this Part of this Act or of regulations made thereunder have been complied with; and that record, book, register or document shall, if the officer so requires by notice in writing served on that person, be produced at the office of the traffic commissioners or licensing authority specified in the notice within such time (not being less than ten days) from the service of the notice as may be so specified.

(2) An officer may, on production if so required of his authority—

(a) at any time, enter any vehicle to which this Part of this Act applies and inspect that vehicle and any equipment installed in it for the purposes of section 97 of this Act and inspect and copy any record on the vehicle which has been produced by means of that equipment;

(b) at any time which is reasonable having regard to the circumstances of the case, enter any premises on which he has reason to believe that such a vehicle is kept or that any such records, books, registers or other documents as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section are to be found, and inspect any such vehicle, and inspect and copy any such record, book, register or document, which he finds there.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2229

(3) For the purpose of exercising his powers under subsection <2 Ha)and, in respect of a document carried on, or by the driver of, a vehicle, under subsection (l)(a) of this section, an officer may detain the vehicle in question during such time as is required for the exercise of that power.

(4) Any person who—

(a) fails to comply with any requirement under sub-

section (1) of this section; or

(b) obstructs an officer in the exercise of his powers under

subsection (2) or (3) of this section,

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

£100.

(5) Any person who makes, or causes to be made, any such record as is mentioned in section 97 of this Act or any entry in a book or register kept for the purposes of regulations under section 98 thereof which he knows to be false or, with intent to deceive, alters or causes to be altered any such record or entry shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £200;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years.

(6) If an officer has reason to believe that an offence under subsection (5) of this section has been committed in respect of any record or document inspected by him under this section, he may seize that record or document; and where a record or document is seized as aforesaid and within six months of the date on which it was seized no person has been charged since that date with an offence in relation to that record or document under that subsection and the record or document has not been returned to the person from whom it was taken, a magistrate’s court shall, on an application made for the purpose by that person or by an officer, make such order respecting the disposal of the record or document and award such costs as the justice of the case may require.

(7) Any proceedings in Scotland under subsection (6) of this section shall be taken by way of summary application in the sheriff court; and in the application of that subsection to Scotland references to costs shall be construed as references to expenses.

(8) In this section "officer" means a certifying officer appointed under Part III of the Act of 1960, a public service vehicle examiner, an examiner appointed under Part IV of that Act and any person authorised for the purposes of this section by the traffic commissioners or licensing authority for any area.

4 B 4

Part VI

2230

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VI

Power to give effect to international agreements.

Orders and regulations under Part VI.

(9) The powers conferred by this section on an officer as defined in subsection (8) of this section shall be exercisable also by a police constable, who shall not, if wearing uniform, be required to produce any authority.

(10) In this section references to the inspection and copying of any record produced by means of equipment installed for the purposes of section 97 of this Act in a vehicle include references to the application to the record of any process for eliciting the information recorded thereby and to taking down die information elicited from it.

100. —(1) The Minister may by order make, in relation to Great Britain, such provision as appears to him to be requisite for enabling the United Kingdom to become a party to any international agreement relating to the drivers or crews of vehicles used on international journeys, and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this subsection, an order under this subsection may—

(a) modify or exclude any of the provisions contained in or

having effect under this Part of this Act or contained in or having effect under any other enactment passed before or after this Act;

(b) provide for exemptions from all or any of the provisions

of the order;

(c) provide for the punishment of contraventions of any

provision of the order;

(d) contain such supplementary, incidental or consequential

provisions as appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient.

(2) The Governor of Northern Ireland may, by Order in the Privy Council of Northern Ireland, make provision in relation to Northern Ireland for any purpose for which provision may be made in relation to Great Britain under subsection (1) of this section, and in relation to any such Order the provisions of that subsection shall apply accordingly as if for references to the Minister there were substituted references to the Governor of Northern Ireland; and any such Order may authorise the Ministry of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland to make regulations for any of the purposes of the Order.

101. —(1) In relation to orders or regulations made under this Part of this Act, the provisions of this section shall have effect in addition to the provisions of section 157 of this Act.

(2) Any order or regulations under this Part of this Act may make different provision for different classes of case.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2231

(3) No order shall be made under section 96(12) or 100(1) of this Act unless a draft of the order has been laid before, and approved by a resolution of, each House of Parliament; and any regulations made under this Part of this Act (except regulations made by virtue of an Order under section 100(2)) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(4) No recommendation shall be made to the Governor of Northern Ireland in Council to make an Order under subsection

(2) of section 100 of this Act unless a draft thereof has been laid before the Parliament of Northern Ireland and has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament of Northern Ireland; and an Order under that subsection which authorises the making of regulations may make provision for the laying of such regulations before the Parliament of Northern Ireland and for their annulment in such circumstances as may be specified in the Order.

(5) A definition or description of a class of vehicles for the purposes of any order or regulation under this Part of this Act may be framed by reference to any characteristic of the vehicles or to any other circumstances whatsoever.

(6) Before making any order or regulations under this Part of this Act the Minister shall consult with such representative organisations as he thinks fit.

102.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, this Part of this Act shall apply to vehicles and persons in the public service of the Crown.

(2) This Part of this Act shall not apply in the case of motor vehicles owned by the Secretary of State for Defence and used for naval, military or air force purposes or in the case of vehicles so used while being driven by persons for the time being subject to the orders of a member of the armed forces of the Crown.

(3) For the purpose of proceedings for an offence under this Part of this Act in connection with a vehicle in the public service of the Crown, being proceedings against a person other than the driver of the vehicle, the person nominated in that behalf by the department in whose service the vehicle is used shall be deemed to be the person actually responsible unless it is shown to the satisfaction of the court that the driver only was responsible.

(4) This Part of this Act shall not apply in the case of motor vehicles while being used for police or fire brigade purposes.

4 B*

Part VI

Application to the Crown and exemption for police and fire brigade.

2232

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VI

Interpretation, supplementary provisions, etc. for Part VI.

1947 c. 48.

1948 c. 45.

103.—(1) In this Part of this Act—

" agriculture " has the meaning assigned by section 109(3) of the Agriculture Act 1947 or, in relation to Scotland, ’ section 86(3) of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act 1948;

"driver", "employee-driver" and "owner-driver" have the meaning assigned by section 95(3) of this Act; " employer ", in relation to an employee-driver, means the employer of that driver in the employment by virtue of which that driver is an employee-driver;

" licensing authority " has the same meaning as in Part V of this Act;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the Minister;

" working day ", in relation to any driver, means—

(a) any period during which he is on duty and which does not fall to be aggregated with any other such period by virtue of paragraph (b) of this definition; and (b) where a period during which he is on duty is not followed by an interval for rest of not less than eleven hours or (where permitted by virtue of section 96(4)(h) of this Act) of not less than nine and a half hours, the aggregate of that period and each successive such period until there is such an interval as aforesaid, together with any interval or intervals between periods so aggregated;

" working week " means, subject to subsection (5) of this section, a week beginning at midnight between Saturday and Sunday;

and any expression not defined above which is also used in the Act of 1960 has the same meaning as in that Act.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a director of a company shall be deemed to be employed by it.

(3) In this Part of this Act references to a person driving a vehicle are references to his being at the driving controls of the vehicle for the purpose of controlling its movement, whether it is in motion or is stationary with the engine running.

(4) In this Part of this Act references to a driver being on duty are references—

(a) in the case of an employee-driver, to his being on duty (whether for the purpose of driving a vehicle to which this Part of this Act applies or for other purposes) in the employment by virtue of which he is an employee-driver, or in any other employment under the person who is his employer in the first-mentioned employment; and

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2233

(b) in the case of an owner-driver, to his driving a vehicle to which this Part of this Act applies for the purposes of a trade or business carried on by him or being otherwise engaged in work for the purposes of that trade or business, being work in connection with such a vehicle or the load carried thereby.

(5) The traffic commissioners or licensing authority for any area may, on the application of an owner-driver or of the employer of an employee-driver, from time to time direct that a week beginning at midnight between two days other than Saturday and Sunday shall be, or be deemed to have been, a working week in relation to that owner-driver or employee-driver; but where by virtue of any such direction a new working week begins before the expiration of a previous working week then, without prejudice to the application of the provisions of this Part of this Act in relation to the new working week, those provisions shall continue to apply in relation to the previous working week until its expiration.

(6) In sections 97(2)(a) and 98(2)(e) of this Act " a small goods vehicle " means a goods vehicle which has a plated weight of the prescribed description not exceeding three and a half tons or (not having a plated weight) has an unladen weight not exceeding thirty hundredweight; but the Minister may by regulations direct that the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall have effect, in relation to either or both of those sections—

(a) with the substitution for either of the weights there specified of such other weight as may be specified in the regulations;

(b) with the substitution for either of those weights or for any other weight for the time being specified as aforesaid of a weight expressed in terms of the metric system, being a weight which is equivalent to that for which it is substituted or does not differ from it by more than five per cent, thereof.

(7) Without prejudice to any jurisdiction of any court under any other enactment, proceedings for an offence under this Part of this Act may be commenced in any court having jurisdiction in the place where the person charged with the offence is for the time being.

(8) The enactments specified in Schedule 11 to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments there specified.

(9) Any order made under section 166(2) of this Act appointing a day for the purposes of any of the provisions of this Part of this Act may contain such transitional provision as the Minister thinks necessary or expedient as respects the application of any particular provision of this Part of this Act to a working week or working day falling partly before and partly after the date on which that provision comes into operation.

4 B* 2

Part VI

2234

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Classification of the Board’s waterways.

Maintenance of the Board’s waterways.

Part VII Inland Waterways

The Board*s waterways

104.—(1) For the purposes of sections 105 to 111 of this Act the inland waterways comprised in the undertaking of the Waterways Board shall be divided into—

(a) the waterways for the time being specified in Part I

of Schedule 12 to this Act, being waterways (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the commercial waterways ") to be principally available for the commercial carriage of freight;

(b) the waterways for the time being specified in Part II of

that Schedule, being waterways (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the cruising waterways ") to be principally available for cruising, fishing and other recreational purposes; and

(c) the remainder.

(2) The description contained in the said Schedule 12 of any waterway shall be read subject to any order made by the Minister for giving greater precision to that description by reference to a map.

(3) The Minister may by order transfer any waterway from one Part of the said Schedule 12 to the other Part, remove any waterway from either of those Parts or add to either of those Parts any inland waterway for the time being comprised in the undertaking of the Board which is not for the time being a commercial waterway or a cruising waterway.

(4) Schedule 13 to this Act shall have effect in relation to the making of any order under subsection (3) of this section, and any such order shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(5) In subsection (3) of this section references to any waterway include references to any part of that waterway.

105.—(1) With a view to securing the general availability of the commercial and cruising waterways for public use, it shall be the duty of the Waterways Board, subject to the provisions of this section—

(a) to maintain the commercial waterways in a suitable condition for use by commercial freight-carrying vessels; and

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2235

(b) to maintain the cruising waterways in a suitable Part vn condition for use by cruising craft, that is to say, vessels constructed or adapted for the carriage of passengers and driven by mechanical power.

(2) Neither paragraph (a) nor paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section shall impose on the Board any duty to maintain a waterway, or any part of a waterway, in a suitable condition for use by any vessel of the kind mentioned in that paragraph unless the dimensions of the vessel (that is to say, its length, width, height of superstructure and draught)—

(a) correspond to, or are less than, those of a vessel of that

kind which customarily used that waterway or part during the period of nine months ending with 8th December 1967; or

(b) if the waterway or part has been restored or improved

since that date, are such as to make it suitable for use on that waterway or part;

but, save as aforesaid, the duty imposed by that paragraph shall extend to any vessel of the kind therein mentioned as respects the dimensions of which paragraph (a) or (6) of this subsection is satisfied.

(3) If it appears to the Minister that, having regard to any change in the size, design or type of vessel customarily using any commercial waterway or cruising waterway, or any part thereof, it is desirable to exercise his powers under this subsection, he may (after consultation with the Board) by order substitute for the duty imposed on the Board by the foregoing provisions of this section in respect of that waterway or part such duty in respect of the maintenance thereof as he considers appropriate having regard to that change, and may by that order make such incidental or transitional provision as he thinks necessary or expedient in connection therewith.

(4) Schedule 13 to this Act shall have effect in relation to the making of any order under subsection (3) of this section, and any such order shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(5) Section 17 of the Regulation of Railways Act 1873 (which 1873 c. 48. requires the Board to maintain certain inland waterways) shall

cease to apply to any inland waterway which on the date on which this section comes into force is comprised in the undertaking of the Board; and any local enactment passed with respect to any such inland waterway, so far as that enactment—

(a) confers any public or private right of navigation over the waterway; or

4 B* 3

2236

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VII (b) imposes any duty to maintain that waterway for the

purpose of navigation (including any duty to supply, or maintain a supply of, water for the waterway for that purpose),

shall cease to have effect.

(6) If the Board acquire any inland waterway after the date on which this section comes into force any local enactment passed with respect thereto shall, so far as it confers or imposes any such right or duty as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (5) of this section, cease to have effect on the date on which the waterway is so acquired.

(7) Any person who suffers loss by reason of the extinguishment by virtue of subsection (5) or (6) of this section of any private right shall be entitled to be paid by the Board compensation to be determined, in case of dispute, by the appropriate tribunal; and the tribunal shall, in determining the compensation, take into account any contractual right offered by the Board in substitution for the right which is extinguished.

(8) Where by virtue of subsection (5) of this section a statutory right of navigation ceases to be exercisable as respects a waterway of which the Waterways Board are not the owner, the Board shall have power to authorise any use of the waterway which would have been authorised by that statutory right.

Enforcement of 106.—(1) If, on an application by any person under this

maintenance section to the High Court or, in Scotland, the Court of Session, duty* the court determines that there has been, in respect of any

waterway, a serious and persistent failure by the Waterways Board to discharge the duty imposed on them by—

(a) subsection (1) of section 105 of this Act; or

(b) any order made under subsection (3) of that section,

the cotut may, subject to the provisions of this section, require the Board to remedy that failure; but, save as aforesaid, neither the said subsection (1) nor any order under the said subsection (3) shall be construed as imposing any duty or liability enforceable by proceedings before any court to which the Board would not otherwise be subject.

(2) The fact that proceedings on an application under subsection (1) of this section (hereafter in this section referred to as " enforcement proceedings ") are in progress in respect of any waterway or any part of a waterway, or that the court has in any such proceedings imposed any requirement on the Board, shall not prevent the Minister from making an order in respect

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2237

of that waterway or part under section 104(3) or 105(3) of this Act; but—

(a) except as provided in subsection (3) of this section,

where such an order is made while enforcement proceedings are in progress, the court shall nevertheless determine those proceedings on the basis of the duty of the Board as it stood when the proceedings were instituted; and

(b) the making of such an order shall in no case absolve

the Board from complying with any requirement which is imposed by the court in any enforcement proceedings.

(3) If a relevant order is pending at the time when enforcement proceedings are instituted, or if, at any time after enforcement proceedings have been instituted and before the court has imposed any requirement on the Board in the proceedings, the Minister notifies the Board that he is considering the making of a relevant order and gives the court such a certificate as is mentioned in subsection (4) of this section—

(a) the court shall not, so long as the order is pending, impose any requirement on the Board in those proceedings; and

(b) if the order is made, the court shall, in determining in

those proceedings whether there has been a failure by the Board to discharge their duty, have regard only to the duty (if any) to which the Board are subject in consequence of the making of the order.

(4) The said certificate is a certificate in writing to the effect that it appears to the Minister that the imposition of any requirement on the Board on the basis of their existing duty would result in their incurring substantial expense and that, having regard to their financial position and their duty under section 18 of the Act of 1962 and section 41 of this Act, it would be unreasonable for them to bear that expense without a grant or further grant under section 43 of this Act.

(5) In subsection (3) of this section " relevant order " means, in relation to any enforcement proceedings, an order under section 104(3) or 105(3) of this Act in relation to the waterway or part of a waterway which is the subject of the proceedings; and for the purposes of that subsection an order is pending during the period of three months beginning with the day on which the Minister notifies the Board that he is considering the making of the order and, if before the expiration of that period notice of the proposed order is published under Schedule 13

4 B* 4

Part VII

2238

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VII

Amendments as to general duties of Board.

Prevention of nuisance as respects certain waterways.

1936 c. 49.

to this Act, during any further period until the order is made or the Minister notifies the Board that it will not be made.

(6) As soon as may be after giving the Board any such notification as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, the Minister shall give notice thereof in the London Gazette or, if the waterway or the part of the waterway in question is situated in Scotland, the Edinburgh Gazette.

(7) For the purposes of this section enforcement proceedings shall be treated as instituted at the time when die writ or summons beginning the proceedings is served on the Board.

107. —(1) The duty of the Waterways Board under subsection (1) of section 10 of the Act of 1962 to provide services and facilities on the inland waterways owned or managed by them shall extend only to the commercial waterways and cruising waterways.

(2) It shall be the duty of the Board—

(a) to secure that each of the inland waterways comprised

in their undertaking which is not a commercial waterway or cruising waterway is dealt with in the most economical manner possible (consistent, in the case of a waterway which is retained, with the requirements of public health and the preservation of amenity and safety), whether by retaining and managing the waterway, by developing or eliminating it, or by disposing of it; and

(b) to secure that the best possible financial return is

obtained from any asset of the Board which is not an inland waterway or harbour and is not required in connection with the provision of services and facilities by the Board, whether by exploiting it, by developing it, or by disposing of it.

(3) Subsection (4) of the said section 10 (which provides that the duties of the Board under that section are not to be legally enforceable) shall apply also to the duty imposed on the Board by subsection (2) of this section.

(4) Subsection (2) of the said section 10 (which requires the Board to carry out a review of the manner in which the best use can be made of those of their inland waterways which are not required for discharging their duties under subsection (1) of that section) shall cease to have effect.

108. —(1) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, any inland waterway in England or Wales comprised in the undertaking of the Waterways Board which is not a commercial waterway or cruising waterway shall be deemed to be—

(a) a watercourse for the purposes of section 259 of the Public Health Act 1936; and

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2239

(6) a vacant site for the purposes of section 36 of the Part VII

Town and Country Planning Act 1962; 1962 c. 38.

and the provisions of Part III of the said Act of 1936, as they apply by virtue of this subsection, may be enforced by a county council as well as by a local authority as defined in that Act, and any local authority within the meaning of the said Act of 1962 (and not only the local planning authority) shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of the said section 36 as it applies by virtue of this subsection.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, any inland waterway in Scotland comprised in the undertaking of the Board which is not a commercial waterway or cruising waterway shall be deemed to be—

(a) a watercourse for the purposes of section 16 of the

Public Health (Scotland) Act 1897; and 1897 c. 38.

(b) derelict land for the purposes of section 31 of the

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947; 1947 c. 53.

and any local authority within the meaning of the said Act of 1947 (and not only the local planning authority) shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of the said section 31 as it applies by virtue of this subsection.

(3) This section shall not apply to any waterway which has been closed to navigation under any local enactment before the date on which this section comes into force if the use of the waterway has been changed between the passing of that enactment and that date in pursuance of planning permission granted under Part III of the said Act of 1962 or Part II of the said Act of 1947; and this section shall cease to apply to any waterway if the use thereof is changed after that date in pursuance of such permission as aforesaid.

(4) This section shall have effect to the exclusion of any provision for similar purposes in any local enactment passed before the date on which this section comes into force in relation to any waterway to which this section applies.

109.—(1) Without prejudice to their powers apart from this Power of section, but subject to subsection (3) of this section, the Water- certain bodies ways Board shall have power— am

(a) to enter into an agreement with any body to which this waterways and section applies for the maintenance by that body of any con^te<l inland waterway comprised in the undertaking of thewor *

Board which is not a commercial waterway or cruising waterway, or of any part of, or of any works connected with, any such waterway;

2240

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VH

1945 c. 42.

1963 c. 38.

(b) by agreement with any such body, to transfer to it any such waterway, part of a waterway or works as aforesaid belonging to the Board, together with any powers or obligations (whether statutory or otherwise) of the Board in respect thereof; and any body to which this section applies shall have all such powers as are required to enable it to enter into and carry out any such agreement as aforesaid or as are required to be exercised by it in consequence of any such transfer as is mentioned in this subsection.

(2) The bodies to which this section applies are as follows—

(a) a local authority;

(b) a river authority;

(c) a highway authority, not being a local authority;

(d) an Area Gas Board;

(e) an Area Electricity Board;

(/) the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board;

ig) the South of Scotland Electricity Board;

(h) any statutory water undertakers as defined in section 59(1) of the Water Act 1945 otherwise than for the purposes of Part II of that Act only;

(/) a regional water board;

(k) a water development board, and, as respects any particular agreement or transfer, any other body having public or charitable objects which is certified by the Minister as a body appearing to him to be capable of discharging the responsibilities falling on the body in consequence of that agreement or transfer.

(3) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, no such agreement or transfer as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section shall be made with or to—

(a) any local authority unless what is to be maintained or

transferred—

(i) is situated in the area of the authority; or

(ii) though not situated in that area, is so situated that persons residing in that area have convenient access to it;

(b) any river authority unless—

(i) what is to be maintained or transferred is situated in the area of the authority; and

(ii) the Ministers (as defined in section 82(9) of the Water Resources Act 1963) have consented to the agreement or transfer;

and the powers under this section of any statutory water undertakers or of any regional water board or water development

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2241

board shall be exercisable only for the purposes of their water Part VU undertaking and with the consent of the Minister of Housing and Local Government or, as respects anything to be done in Scotland or in Wales, the Secretary of State.

(4) Any agreement under this section whereby a waterway or part of a waterway is to be maintained by, or transferred to, a body to which this section applies may include provision for securing that the body in question makes the waterway or part available for public use.

(5) The Board may make an agreement for maintenance or transfer under this section with two or more bodies jointly on such terms as to the sharing of expenses between those bodies and otherwise as those bodies may agree; and, notwithstanding subsection (3)(a)(i) or (h)(i) of this section (but without prejudice, in the case of a local authority, to subsection (3)(a)(ii) of this section), a local authority or river authority may be a party to such an agreement if part of what is to be maintained or transferred is situated in their area and the remainder in the area or areas of one or more other authorities (whether local authorities or river authorities) who are also parties to the agreement.

110,—(1) There shall be a body to be known as the Inland The Inland Waterways Amenity Advisory Council consisting of a chairman Waterways and not less than twelve members appointed by the Minister after consultation with the chairman of the Waterways Board; council^ and the members so appointed—

(a) shall include persons who appear to the Minister to have wide knowledge of, and interest in, the use of inland waterways for amenity or recreational purposes, including fishing; and

(h) may include not more than four persons who are members of the Waterways Board.

(2) In addition to their functions under Schedule 13 to this Act, it shall be the function of the Council—

(a) to advise the Waterways Board and the Minister on any

proposal to add to or reduce the cruising waterways;

(b) to consider, and, where it appears to them to be desirable, to make recommendations to the Waterways Board or the Minister with respect to, any other matter—

(i) affecting the use or development for amenity or recreational purposes, including fishing, of the cruising waterways;

2242

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VD

Access agreements and orders as respects canals other than commercial waterways and cruising waterways.

1968 c. 41. 1949 c. 97.

(ii) with respect to the provision for those purposes of services or facilities in connection with those waterways or the commercial waterways,

being a matter which has been referred to the Council by the Board or the Minister, which has been the subject of representations to the Council by any other person or winch appears to the Council to be a matter to which consideration ought to be given.

(3) The Council shall not make recommendations to the Minister with respect to any matter under this section without first consulting with the Board about that matter.

(4) The persons appointed to be members of the Council shall hold and vacate office in accordance with their terms of appointment and shall, on ceasing to hold office, be eligible for reappointment; but any such person may at any time by notice in writing to the Minister resign his office.

(5) The Council may, with the approval of the Minister, appoint such regional committees, and may appoint such other committees, as they think fit; and the procedure of the Council and of any such committee, including the quorum at meetings, shall be such as may be determined by the Council.

(6) The Waterways Board shall provide the Council with such officers and servants and such accommodation as appear to the Board to be requisite for the proper discharge of the Council’s functions or as may be directed by the Minister; and the said Board may pay to the members of the Council allowances in respect of loss of remunerative time in accordance with a scale approved by the Minister with the consent of the Treasury and such travelling allowances and allowances in respect of out-of-pocket expenses as the Board may determine.

111. Subsections (2) and (3) of section 16 of the Countryside Act 1968 (which enable access agreements and access orders to be made under Part V of the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949 in respect of canals and of certain land held therewith) shall apply as respects, and as respects land held with, any canal or part of a canal owned or managed by the Waterways Board which is not for the time being a commercial waterway or a cruising waterway; and accordingly in subsection

(6)(c) of that section (which prevents the said subsections (2) and (3) from applying where the canal or part of a canal is owned or managed by the Board) there shall be added at the end the words "which is for the time being a commercial waterway or a cruising waterway within the meaning of section 104 of the Transport Act 1968 ".

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2243

Other inland waterway provisions Part VII

112.—(1) In the case of any canal which is not comprised in Power to the undertaking of the Waterways Board, the Minister may by order direct all or any of the following, that is to say— ^nd.

(a) that any local enactment passed with respect to that obligations in

canal shall cease to have effect so far as it confers

any public or private right of navigation over that comprised in

canal; undertaking

(b) that any such enactment shall cease to have effect soofBoard*

far as it imposes any duty to maintain that canal for the purpose of navigation (including any duty to supply, or maintain a supply of, water for the canal for that purpose);

(c) that section 17 of the Regulation of Railways Act 1873 1873 c. 48.

if applicable to that canal, shall cease to apply to it.

(2) An order under this section in respect of any canal may be made on the application of the person who owns or manages the canal, on the application of any local authority or river authority in whose area the canal is situated, or without any application being made.

(3) An order under this section in respect of any canal—

(a) shall specify the person, whether the person who owns

or manages the canal, a local authority, a river authority or the Minister, by whom any such compensation as is mentioned in subsection (4) of this section is to be paid;

(b) may confer on a person specified in the order power

to authorise any use of the canal which would have been authorised by a statutory right of navigation which by virtue of the order ceases to be exercisable as respects the canal;

(c) may make provision, in relation to the canal or any

works connected therewith, for purposes corresponding to those of section 109 of this Act; and

(d) may include such incidental or supplementary provisions as the Minister thinks fit, including provisions for applying section 259 of the Public Health Act 1936 1936 c. 49. and section 36 of the Town and Country Planning 1962 c. 38. Act 1962, or, as the case may be, section 16 of the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1897 and section 31 of 1897 c. 38. the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947, 1947 c. 53. to the canal.

(4) Any person who suffers loss by reason of the extinguishment by virtue of an order under this section of any private right shall be entitled to be paid by the person specified in that

2244

Part VII

1888 c. 25.

Byelaws in respect of waterways owned or managed by certain bodies.

1963 c. 38.

Ch. 73 Transport Act 1968

behalf in the order compensation to be determined, in case of dispute, by the appropriate tribunal; and the tribunal shall, in determining the compensation, take into account any contractual right offered by the person who owns or manages the canal in substitution for the right which is extinguished.

(5) Schedule 13 to this Act shall have effect in relation to the making of any order under this section, and any such order shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(6) In this section "canal" includes any navigation which has been made under, or in respect of which tolls may be levied by virtue of, any enactment, and references to a canal include references to part of a canal.

(7) Section 45 of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 (which is superseded by this section) shall cease to have effect

113.—(1) The Minister may, on the application of any qualified body which owns or manages an inland waterway and after consultation with the relevant authority, by order confer on that body power to make byelaws in relation to that waterway for such purposes as may be specified in the order.

(2) Byelaws made by virtue of an order under this section shall not have effect until confirmed by the Minister, and before applying to the Minister for the confirmation of any byelaws the body concerned shall take such steps as may be specified in the order for securing that persons affected by the byelaws have an opportunity of making representations thereon to the Minister.

(3) If any person contravenes, or fails to comply with, any byelaws made by virtue of an order under this section he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £20, and if the contravention or failure to comply is continued after the conviction, he shall be guilty of a further offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £5 for each day on which it is so continued.

(4) An order under this section may contain such supplementary provisions as the Minister thinks necessary or expedient.

(5) In this section—

" qualified body " means any navigation authority as defined in section 135(1) of the Water Resources Act 1963, a body mentioned in any of the paragraphs of section 109(2) of this Act (except paragraph (c) thereof) and any other body having public or charitable objects;

" relevant authority ", in relation to any order, means any local authority or river authority (except any such

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2245

authority which is itself the applicant for the order) Part VII

in whose area the waterway in question is wholly or partly situated.

(6) Section 40 of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 1888 c. 25. (which makes provision as to the byelaws of canal companies) shall not apply to byelaws made by virtue of an order under this section.

114. Without prejudice to section 109 of this Act, a local Power of local authority may assist any other person (whether financially, by authorities to the provision of services or facilities, or otherwise) in maintaining or improving for amenity or recreational purposes, including waterways fishing— for amenity

(a) any inland waterway situated wholly or partly in thepurpose8,

area of the authority; and

(b) any other inland waterway which is so situated that it

can conveniently be used for those purposes by persons residing in the area of the authority.

Supplementary

115.—(1) In sections 105 and 112 of this Act— Interpretation

(a) references to any right of navigation over a waterway of Part VII‘ or canal include references to any right to use or keep any vessel or craft on the waterway or canal;

(b) " the appropriate tribunal " means, as respects England and Wales, the Lands Tribunal and, as respects Scotland, the Lands Tribunal for Scotland or, until sections 1 to 3 of the Lands Tribunal Act 1949 come 1949 c. 42. into force as regards Scotland, an official arbiter appointed under Part I of the Land Compensation 1963 c. 51. (Scotland) Act 1963;

and sections 3 and 5 of the said Act of 1963 shall apply, subject to any necessary modifications, in relation to the determination of any question under either of those sections by an arbiter so appointed.

(2) Nothing in section 105 or in any order under section 112 of this Act shall be construed as abrogating any rights of navigation which subsist otherwise than by virtue of the enactments referred to in subsections (5) and (6) of the said section 105 or subsection (1) of the said section 112; and in those subsections references to rights conferred by an enactment do not include references to rights which are merely confirmed by it and which, if that enactment had not been passed, would subsist otherwise than by virtue of any such enactments as aforesaid.

2246

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VII

1963 c. 38.

Transfer of

responsibility

for

maintenance of highways on bridges over Boards* railways, inland

waterways, etc.

(3) In sections 109, 112, 113 and 114 of this Act, "local " authority " means—

(a) as respects England and Wales, the council of a county, county borough, county district or London borough, the Greater London Council and the Common Council of the City of London;

(b) as respects Scotland, a county council and a town council.

(4) In sections 109, 112 and 113 of this Act, " river authority * includes any body on which functions corresponding to the functions of river authorities are conferred under section 125 of the Water Resources Act 1963 (provisions as to Thames, Lee and London areas) and any reference to the area of any such body shall be construed as a reference to the area in relation to which any such functions are conferred on that body as aforesaid.

Part VIII Bridges, Level Crossings, etc.

Bridges

116.—(1) Where a highway is carried by a bridge over one or more of the following, that is to say, a railway of the Railways Board, a railway of the London Board, an inland waterway of the Waterways Board or any other installation or land used by any of those Boards in connection with a railway or inland waterway, and immediately before the appointed day—

(a) the Board or Boards concerned are responsible for

maintaining the highway carried by the bridge, or that highway together with the highway giving access to the bridge; and

(b) the highway at each end—

(i) of the bridge; or

(ii) if the Board or Boards are also responsible for maintaining the highway giving access to the bridge, of the bridge and any such highway,

is a highway maintainable at the public expense,

the highway carried by the bridge, together with any such highway as is mentioned in paragraph (b)(ii) of this subsection, shall on that day become a highway maintainable at the public expense.

(2) Any agreement between any of the Boards mentioned in subsection (1) of this section and a highway authority, so far as it provides for that authority to carry out after the appointed day, at the expense of the Board, any maintenance for which

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2247

the Board cease to be responsible by virtue of that subsection, shall cease to have effect on that day.

(3) Where by virtue of any agreement or order made before the appointed day—

(a) a highway authority is responsible for maintaining the

highway carried by or giving access to a bridge such as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section; and

(b) but for that agreement or order, any of the Boards men-

tioned in that subsection would by virtue thereof have ceased to be responsible for maintaining that highway on that day,

that Board shall not by virtue of that agreement or order be liable to make to that highway authority in respect of the maintenance of that highway any annual or other periodical payment (not being an instalment of a lump sum) which falls due after that day.

(4) Where paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) of this section are not satisfied immediately before the appointed day in the case of any such bridge as is mentioned in that subsection, or such a bridge as aforesaid is constructed after that day, then, if those paragraphs are satisfied in the case of that bridge on any subsequent day, the highway carried by the bridge, together with any highway giving access to the bridge for the maintenance of which the Board or Boards concerned are also responsible, shall on that subsequent day become a highway maintainable at the public expense.

(5) A highway which by virtue of this section on any day becomes a highway maintainable at the public expense shall—

(a) if and so far as it is in any county, be a county road if

on that day the highway at one or both ends of it is in relation to that county a county road; and

(b) if and so far as it is in a non-county borough or urban

district, be a claimed county road if on that day the highway at one or both ends of it is in relation to that borough or district a claimed county road;

but this subsection shall be without prejudice to any provision by virtue of which a highway may at any time cease to be a county road or a claimed county road.

(6) This section shall not affect the responsibility of any of the Boards for the maintenance of any part of a bridge or its approaches other than the surface of the highway, and a highway authority—

(a) shall not by virtue of this section be under any duty to make good, or incur any liability by reason of, any

Part VIII

2248

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VIII defect in the surface of the highway so far as attribut-

able to the failure of any of the Boards to discharge that responsibility;

(b) shall permit the Board or Boards concerned to carry

out on or in relation to the surface of the highway any works reasonably required to be carried out by them for discharging that responsibility or for inspecting, maintaining or altering any apparatus of the Board or Boards incorporated in or attached to the bridge; and

(c) shall not, without the consent of the Board or Boards

concerned, increase to a significant extent the weight of the materials constituting the surface of the highway.

(7) Nothing in this section shall affect any liability incurred by any of the Boards by reason of any act or omission in relation to any highway before the day on which they cease by virtue of this section to be responsible for its maintenance.

Duty of

Boards as

respects

bridges

carrying

highways.

117.—(1) This section applies to any bridge which—

(a) carries a highway over one or more of the following that is to say, a railway of the Railways Board, a railway of the London Board, an inland waterway of the Waterways Board or any other installation or land used by any of those Boards in connection with a railway or inland waterway; and

(b) belongs to the Board or Boards whose railway, waterway, installation or land is crossed by the bridge.

(2) It shall be the duty of each of the Boards mentioned in subsection (1) of this section—

(a) in constructing a bridge which, on completion, will

belong to the Board and be a bridge to which this section applies, or in reconstructing a bridge which belongs to the Board and to which this section applies, to secure that it has the required load-bearing capacity;

(b) to maintain and, if necessary, to improve or strengthen

any bridge which belongs to the Board and to which this section applies so that it has the required load-bearing capacity, and, if at any time it is not reasonably practicable to secure that it has that capacity by means of maintenance, improvement or strengthening, to reconstruct the bridge or to replace it by a new bridge.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2) of this section a bridge has the required load-bearing capacity—

(a) in the case of a bridge in relation to which load-bearing standards are prescribed by an order made by the appropriate Minister, if it complies with those standards; and

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2249

(b) in the case of any other bridge, if it is such as to be capable of bearing the weight of the traffic which ordinarily uses, or may reasonably be expected lo use, the highway carried by the bridge on or about the day on which this section comes into force in relation to bridges of the Board concerned or, if the bridge is constructed subsequently, when it is opened for traffic.

(4) An order made for the purposes of subsection (3)(a) of this section—

(a) may prescribe standards for a particular bridge or for

any class or description of bridges;

(b) may, in prescribing standards for a particular bridge or

for any class or description of bridges, at the same time prescribe different standards for any bridge or bridges resulting from the reconstruction or replacement of that bridge or of any of those bridges;

(c) may prescribe standards by reference to any document

published by the British Standards Institution, any government department or any other body or authority, and provide that where standards are prescribed as aforesaid any question as to the requirements to be fulfilled by a particular bridge in order to comply with those standards shall be determined, in case of dispute, by a certificate of the appropriate Minister;

(d) shall not, so long as a bridge is not reconstructed or

replaced, be such as to require the bridge to comply with standards higher than those prescribed in relation thereto by a previous order under this section.

(5) For the purposes of subsection (3)(b) of this section, no account shall be taken of any traffic which cannot use the highway carried by the bridge in question without infringing a prohibition for the time being in force under section 1, 6, 12 or 17 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967.

(6) The requirements of this section shall be in addition to, and, so far as inconsistent therewith, shall prevail over, any requirements applicable to the bridge in question under section 46, 50, 51, 52, or 66 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act 1845, section 39, 43, 44, 45, or 58 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845 or under any similar enactment.

(7) In subsection (2) of this section references to a bridge being constructed by or belonging to a Board include references to its being constructed by or belonging to any two or more of the Boards mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, and in any such case the duties imposed by the said subsection (2) shall be duties of both or all of those Boards.

Part VIII

1967 c. 76.

1845 c. 20. 1845 c. 33.

2250

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part Vffl

Duty of highway authorities, etc., as respects bridges over Boards* railways or Inland waterways.

(8) In this section " the appropriate Minister " means, as respects bridges in England, the Minister and as respects bridges in Scotland or Wales, the Secretary of State.

118.—(1) This section applies to any bridge, including a bridge constructed after the day on which this section comes into force, which—

(a) carries a highway over one or more of the following,

that is to say, a railway of the Railways Board, a railway of the London Board or an inland waterway of the Waterways Board; and

(b) belongs to the Minister, the Secretary of State, a local

highway authority or some other person not being the Board or Boards whose railway or waterway is crossed by the bridge.

(2) Subject to subsections (4) and (5) of this section, it shall be the duty of the person to whom a bridge to which this section applies belongs (in this section referred to as " the owner*') to maintain it in such a condition that it is not a source of danger to, and does not interfere with, or require any restriction to be placed on, the traffic from time to time using the railway or inland waterway crossed by the bridge.

(3) Any of the said Boards whose railway or inland waterway is crossed by a bridge to which this section applies (in this section referred to as " the relevant Board ") shall be entitled at all reasonable times to inspect and survey that bridge and for that purpose to place on or against it such apparatus as may be reasonably required; and subject to subsection (5) of this section, the Board may—

(a) at any time serve on the owner a notice requiring him

to carry out, within such reasonable time as may be specified in the notice, any works so specified which are required to maintain the bridge in, or to restore it to. the condition mentioned in subsection (2) of this section; and

(b) if all or any of those works are not satisfactorily

carried out by the owner in accordance with the notice, themselves carry out all or any of those works and recover the reasonable expenses of so doing from the owner;

and, if, in the opinion of the Board, it is necessary so to do by reason of the urgency of the matter, the Board may, without giving any such notice, themselves carry out any works which are required as aforesaid and, subject to subsection (5) of this section, recover the reasonable expenses of so doing from the owner.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2251

(4) The relevant Board shall afford to the owner of a bridge Part vm to which this section applies such access to land occupied by

them as he may reasonably require for maintaining the bridge in, or restoring it to, the condition mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, except that the Board shall not be obliged to afford access for any works the carrying out of which would, in the opinion of the Board, involve danger to or interference with, or require any restriction to be placed on, traffic using the railway or inland waterway crossed by the bridge, and where the Board refuse access as aforesaid—

(a) the owner of the bridge shall not by virtue of subsection (2) of this section be under any duty to carry out those works; but

(b) the Board may themselves carry out those works and, subject to subsection (5) of this section, recover the reasonable expenses of so doing from the owner.

(5) The owner of a bridge shall not by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section be under any duty to carry out or pay for works for making good any defect—

(a) caused by the withdrawal of support from land in

connection with the working or getting of minerals or with brine pumping; or

(b) for which the relevant Board are themselves responsible;

but nothing in this subsection shall affect any agreement between the owner of the bridge and the relevant Board and, subject to any such agreement, the relevant Board shall be entitled to carry out any works which are required to make good any such defect as aforesaid.

(6) The owner of any bridge to which this section applies shall afford to the relevant Board such access to land occupied by him as they may reasonably require for exercising their powers under this section; but the Board shall not claim such access as of right unless they have given the owner not less than seven days previous notice in writing stating the purpose of the proposed entry, except that they shall not be obliged to give such a notice if, in their opinion, it is impracticable to do so by reason of the urgency of the matter, in which case they shall take such steps as are reasonably practicable (before or after they enter the land) for informing the owner of the purpose of the entry.

(7) Where, in exercising their powers under this section in relation to any bridge, a Board cause damage to the bridge or to any land occupied by the owner of the bridge, they shall pay to the owner such compensation as may be just.

(8) The duty imposed by subsection (2) of this section on the owner of a bridge shall be in addition to any duty of the

2252

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part Vin owner to maintain the bridge which arises under any other enactment or any order or agreement passed or made before the day on which this section comes into force or the date on which the bridge became a bridge to which this section applies, as the case may be; and, if under any such enactment, order or agreement there are subsisting as between the owner and the relevant Board any rights or liabilities as respects the making of payments in connection with the maintenance of the bridge, those rights and liabilities may be abrogated or modified by agreement between them or, in default of agreement, on the application of either of them, by arbitration.

(9) Any dispute arising out of this section between the owner of a bridge and a Board shall be referred to arbitration, but this subsection—

(a) shall be without prejudice to any provision of this section

whereby any matter is to be determined by the opinion of a Board; and

(b) shall not preclude the carrying out by a Board of any

works pending the determination of any arbitration proceedings.

(10) The provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to any bridge subject to any agreement made between the owner of the bridge and the relevant Board after the date on which those provisions became applicable to the bridge.

(11) Where any cable, pipe or other apparatus is incorporated in or attached to a bridge to which this section applies, then—

(a) if the apparatus belongs to the owner of the bridge, it

shall be treated for the purposes of this section as forming part of the bridge; and

(b) if the apparatus belongs to some other person, the provi-

sions of subsections (2) to (10) of this section shall have effect in relation to the apparatus and to that person as they have effect in relation to a bridge to which this section applies and to the owner of such a bridge;

but none of the said Boards shall by virtue of this subsection interfere with the use of any such apparatus for providing any supply or service if the apparatus is so used by its owner under statutory powers and he has not consented to that interference.

(12) Nothing in this section shall be taken as authorising any person to interfere with traffic lawfully using any bridge, or as

1950 c. 39. authorising the disregard of any of the provisions of the Public Utilities Street Works Act 1950.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2253

119.—(1) Where after the appointed day any bridge belonging Part VIII to the Railways Board, the London Board or the Waterways Ending of Board is transferred to the Minister or the Secretary of State liability of under section 229 of the Highways Act 1959 or section 7 of the to Trunk Roads Act 1946 (bridges carrying highways which become ™ayi^ents trunk roads) or to a special road authority by an order made on being by virtue of section 230 of the said Act of 1959 or section 8 relieved of of the Special Roads Act 1949 (bridges carrying highways which responsibility are included in special road schemes), the Board— can^gtrunk

(a) shall not be liable under the provisions of section 58(2) or special of the said Act of 1959, section 7(3) of the said Act roads, of 1946 or section 8(2) of the said Act of 1949, to 1959 c. 25.

pay any sum in respect of the value to the Board of 1946 c. 30. the extinguishment of their liability for the mainten-1949 c. 32. ance, repair or improvement of the bridge or the highway carried thereby; but

(b) shall not be entitled to receive under section 229(3) or 230(2) of the said Act of 1959 or the said section 7(3) or 8(2) any sum in respect of the value to them of the bridge as an asset productive of revenue except to the extent (if any) by which that sum exceeds the sum which, apart from paragraph (a) of this subsection, the Board would be liable to pay under the provisions mentioned in that paragraph.

(2) None of the Boards mentioned in subsection (1) of this section shall be liable to pay any instalment or make any annual payment under the provisions mentioned in paragraph (a) of that subsection if the obligation to pay that instalment or to make that payment arises from the transfer of any bridge before the appointed day and that instalment or payment falls due after that day.

126.—(1) The Minister may by order prescribe a minimum Minimum height for the parapets of any specified bridge carrying a road |je!*ht for over a railway or of any class or description of such bridges, and it shall be the duty of the person who constructs any bridge p 50 to which such an order applies, or, if the bridge is already in existence, who is responsible for maintaining it, to secure that it has parapets of a height not less than that prescribed by the order.

(2) Any bridge having parapets of a height not less than that for the time being prescribed for that bridge by an order under this section shall be deemed to comply with any requirements as to the height of those parapets imposed by or under section 50 or 66 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act 1845 c. 20. 1845, section 43 or 58 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation 1845 c. 33. (Scotland) Act 1845 or any similar enactment.

2254

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part vm (3) It is hereby declared that an order may be made under this section in respect of any such bridge as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section notwithstanding that it carries a highway for which the Minister or the Secretary of State is the highway authority.

Application of foregoing sections to undertakers other than Railways Board, London Board and Waterways Board.

121.—(1) In the foregoing sections of this Part of this Act any reference to the Railways Board, the London Board or the Waterways Board includes a reference to any subsidiary of that Board; and sections 116 and 117 of this Act, so far as they relate to installations and land used in connection with a railway, shall apply to the Freight Corporation and any subsidiary of that Corporation as they apply to any of those Boards.

(2) The Minister may by order apply—

(a) all or any of the provisions of section 116 or 117 of this Act to bridges over railways or inland waterways of persons other than the Boards mentioned in those sections or their subsidiaries, or over installations or land used in connection with a railway or inland waterway by persons other than those Boards or subsidiaries, the Freight Corporation or the subsidiaries of that Corporation;

(b) all or any of the provisions of section 118 of this Act to bridges over railways or inland waterways of persons other than the Boards mentioned in that section or their subsidiaries.

(3) An order under subsection (2) of this section may make such modifications in the provisions applied by it, and in any other enactment or instrument relating to the bridge, railway, inland waterway, installation or land to which it relates, as appear to the Minister to be appropriate.

1896 c. 48. (4) An order under the Light Railways Act 1896 may make

provision for any matter for which provision can be made by an order made under subsection (2) of this section in relation to a railway or to any installation or land used in connection with a railway.

(5) Before making an order under subsection (2) of this section or by virtue of subsection (4) thereof, the Minister shall consult with the highway authority concerned (unless he is himself that authority); and, before making an order under the said subsection (2), the Minister shall consult with the owner of the railway, inland waterway, installation or land concerned.

(6) Where an order made under subsection (2) or by virtue of subsection (4) of this section applies all or any of the provisions of section 117 of this Act to any bridge to which

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2255

that section has not at any previous time applied, paragraphs Part VIU 15, 16, 18, 19 and 20 of Schedule 11 to the Highways Act 1959 1959 c. 25. (which relate to the apportionment of expenses) shall apply in relation to that bridge as if—

(a)the provisions of the said section 117 so applied were an order to which the said paragraph 15 applies; and

(b) the bridge were such a bridge as is mentioned in the

said paragraph 15; and

(c) the highway authorities referred to in those paragraphs

of the said Schedule 11 were the highway authority or highway authorities for the highway carried by the bridge;

but if the order made as aforesaid also applies to the bridge all or any of the provisions of section 116 of this Act and the highway carried by or giving access to the bridge has under the provisions of the said section 116 so applied become a highway maintainable at the public expense instead of by the owners of the bridge, then, for the purposes of paragraph (iii) of the proviso to the said paragraph 15, the share of the expense there referred to of those owners shall be increased by an amount equivalent to the amount of any saving to those owners, in consequence of those provisions of the said section 116, of expense in maintaining that highway.

(7) In the application of the last foregoing subsection to Scotland, references therein to paragraphs 15, 16, 18, 19 and 20 of Schedule 11 to the Highways Act 1959 and to paragraph

(iii) of the proviso to the said paragraph 15 shall be construed as references to the following provisions respectively of the Bridges 1929 c. 33. Act 1929, namely, sections 6(1), 6(2), 6(3), 7(2) and 15(h) and paragraph (c) of the proviso to the said section 6(1).

(8) In subsections (2) and (3) of this section, and in subsection (5) thereof so far as it relates to subsection (2), references to the Minister shall, as respects bridges in Scotland or Wales, be construed as references to the Secretary of State.

122.—(1) Where a railway or an inland waterway passes Interpretation under a highway by means of a tunnel, or runs in a cutting of sections 116 over which a highway is superimposed, the foregoing provisions to 121* of this Part of this Act (except sections 119 and 120) shall, so far as applicable and subject to any necessary modifications, have effect in relation to the highway as if it were carried by a bridge and to the structure of the tunnel or, as the case may be, the structure by means of which the highway is superimposed as aforesaid, as if that structure were a bridge.

(2) In sections 116,117 and 120 of this Act, and in section 121 thereof so far as it relates to the said sections 116 and 117,

4 C

2224

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VI (9) For the purposes of subsections (1) and (7) of this section no account shall be taken of any time spent driving a vehicle elsewhere than on a road if the vehicle is being so driven in the course of operations of agriculture or forestry.

(10) For the purpose of enabling drivers to deal with cases of emergency or otherwise to meet a special need, the Minister may by regulations—

(a) create exemptions from all or any of the requirements

of subsections (1) to (6) of this section in such cases and subject to such conditions as may be specified in the regulations;

(b) empower the traffic commissioners or licensing authority

for any area, subject to the provisions of the regulations—

(i) to dispense with the observance of all or any of those requirements (either generally or in such circumstances or to such extent as the commissioners or authority think fit) in any particular case for which provision is not made under paragraph (a) of this subsection;

(ii) to grant a certificate (which, for the purposes of any proceedings under this Part of this Act, shall be conclusive evidence of the facts therein stated) that any particular case falls or fell within any exemption created under the said paragraph (a);

and regulations under this subsection may enable any dispensation under paragraph i) of this subsection to be granted retrospectively and provide for a document purporting to be a certificate granted by virtue of paragraph ii) of this subsection to be accepted in evidence without further proof.

(11) If any of the requirements of subsections (1) to (6) of this section, or any condition having effect by virtue of regulations made under subsection (10) thereof, is contravened in the case of any driver—

(a) that driver; and

(b) any other person (being that driver’s employer or a person to whose orders that driver was subject) who caused or permitted the contravention,

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200; but a person shall not be liable to be convicted under this subsection if he proves to the court—

(i) that the contravention was due to unavoidable delay in the completion of a journey arising out of circumstances which he could not reasonably have foreseen; or

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2225

(ii) in the case of a person charged under paragraph ( of Part VI this subsection, that the contravention was due to the fact that the driver had for any particular period or periods driven or been on duty otherwise than in the employment of that person or, as the case may be, otherwise than in the employment in which he is subject to the orders of that person, and that the person charged was not, and could not reasonably have become, aware of that fact.

(12) The Minister may by order—

(a) direct that subsection (1) of this section shall have effect

with the substitution for the reference to ten hours of a reference to nine hours, either generally or with such exceptions as may be specified in the order;

(b) direct that paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of this

section shall have effect with the substitution for the reference to eleven hours of a reference to any shorter period, or remove, modify or add to the provisions of that subsection containing exceptions to the said paragraph (a);

(c) remove, modify or add to any of the requirements of

subsections (2), (4), (5) or (6) of this section or any of the exemptions provided for by subsections (7). (8) and (9) thereof;

and any order under this subsection may contain such transitional and supplementary provisions as the Minister thinks necessary or expedient, including provisions amending any definition in section 103 of this Act which is relevant to any of the provisions affected by the order.

97.—(l) Subject to the provisions of this section, no driver Installation shall drive a vehicle to which this Part of this Act applies unless— operation

(a) there is installed in the vehicle in the prescribed place equ^menT8

and manner equipment for recording information as to in vehicles, the use of the vehicle, being equipment of such type or design as may be prescribed or approved by the Minister for the purposes of this section; and

(b) that equipment is in working order.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to—

(a) a small goods vehicle as defined in section 103(6) of this

Act; or

(b) a vehicle of any class exempted from that subsection by

regulations made by the Minister;

and paragraph (b) of that subsection shall not apply in such cases as may be specified by regulations made by the Minister.

4 B 2

2226

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VI

Written

records.

(3) The Minister may make regulations—

(a) imposing on the owner and driver of any vehicle in

which equipment is installed for the purposes of this section, and the employer of an employee-driver, duties—

(i) as to the working of the equipment and for preventing misuse thereof;

(ii) as to any keys or other appliances used in connection with the equipment, including the keeping and preservation of records in connection with such keys or appliances;

(b) imposing on the owner of any vehicle in which equip-

ment is installed for the purposes of this section duties as to the preservation of any records produced by means of the equipment.

(4) Any person who—

(a) contravenes subsection (1) of this section; or

(b) being the employer of any other person, or a person

to whose orders any other person is subject, causes or permits that other person to contravene that subsection; or

(c) contravenes any regulations made under subsection (3)

of this section,

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200; but a person shall not be liable to be convicted by virtue of paragraph (a) or (b) of this subsection by reason of a contravention of subsection (1 )(b) of this section if he proves to the court that the equipment in the vehicle in question ceased to be in working order in the course of a journey being undertaken by that vehicle, that neither he nor (if a different person) the driver of the vehicle was responsible for the equipment ceasing to be in working order and that the journey was not continued after it had become reasonably practicable in all the circumstances for the equipment to be restored to working order.

(5) A record produced by means of equipment installed for the purposes of this section in any vehicle shall, in any proceedings under this Part of this Act, be evidence of the matters appearing from the record.

98.—(1) The Minister may make regulations—

(a) for requiring drivers to keep, and employers of employee-drivers to cause to be kept, in such books as may be specified in the regulations records with respect to such matters relevant to the enforcement of this Part of this Act as may be so specified; and

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2227

(b) for requiring owner-drivers and the employers of

employee-drivers to maintain such registers as may be so specified with respect to any such books as aforesaid which are in their possession or in that of any employee-drivers in their employment.

(2) Regulations under this section may contain such supplementary and incidental provisions as the Minister thinks necessary or expedient, including in particular provisions—

(a) specifying the person or persons from whom books and registers required for the purposes of the regulations are to be obtained and, if provision is made for them to be obtained from the Minister, charging a fee for their issue by him (which shall be payable into the Consolidated Fund);

(b) as to the form and manner of making of entries in such books and registers;

(c) as to the issue by and return to the employers of

employee-drivers of books required to be kept by the latter for the purposes of the regulations;

(d) requiring any book in current use for the purposes of

the regulations to be carried on, or by the driver of, any vehicle, as to the preservation of any books and registers used for those purposes, and otherwise as to the manner in which those books and registers are to be dealt with;

(e) for exemptions from all or any of the requirements of

the regulations in respect of drivers of small goods vehicles as defined in section 103(6) of this Act and for other exemptions from all or any of those requirements.

(3) Subject to the provisions of any regulations made by the Minister, the traffic commissioners or licensing authority for any area may dispense with the observance by any employee-driver or his employer, or by any owner-driver, of any requirement imposed under this section, either generally or in such circumstances or to such extent as the commissioners or authority think fit, but the traffic commissioners or licensing authority shall not grant such a dispensation unless satisfied that it is not reasonably practicable for the requirement dispensed with to be observed.

(4) Any person who contravenes any regulations made under this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £200; but the employer of an employee-driver shall not be liable to be convicted under this subsection by reason of contravening any such regulation whereby he is required to cause any records to be kept if he proves to the court that he has given proper instructions to his employees with

4 B 3

Part VI

2228

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VI

Inspection of records and other documents.

respect to the keeping of the records and has from time to time taken reasonable steps to secure that those instructions are being carried out

(5) Any entry made by an employee-driver for the purposes of regulations under this section shall, in any proceedings under this Part of this Act be admissible in evidence against his employer.

99.—(1) An officer may, on production if so required of his authority, require any person to produce, and permit him to inspect and copy—

(a) any book or register which that person is required by

regulations under section 98 of this Act to carry or have in his possession for the purpose of making in it any entry required by those regulations or which is required under those regulations to be carried on any vehicle of which that person is the driver;

(b) any record, book or register which that person is

required by regulations under section 97 or 98 of this Act to preserve;

(c) if that person is the owner of a vehicle to which this

Part of this Act applies, any other document of that person which the officer may reasonably require to inspect for the purpose of ascertaining whether the provisions of this Part of this Act or of regulations made thereunder have been complied with; and that record, book, register or document shall, if the officer so requires by notice in writing served on that person, be produced at the office of the traffic commissioners or licensing authority specified in the notice within such time (not being less than ten days) from the service of the notice as may be so specified.

(2) An officer may, on production if so required of his authority—

(a) at any time, enter any vehicle to which this Part of this

Act applies and inspect that vehicle and any equipment installed in it for the purposes of section 97 of this Act and inspect and copy any record on the vehicle which has been produced by means of that equipment;

(b) at any time which is reasonable having regard to the circumstances of the case, enter any premises on which he has reason to believe that such a vehicle is kept or that any such records, books, registers or other documents as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section are to be found, and inspect any such vehicle, and inspect and copy any such record, book, register or document, which he finds there.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2229

(3) For the purpose of exercising his powers under subsection <2Ha) and, in respect of a document carried on, or by the driver of, a vehicle, under subsection (l)(a) of this section, an officer may detain the vehicle in question during such time as is required for the exercise of that power.

(4) Any person who—

(a) fails to comply with any requirement under sub-

section (1) of this section; or

(b) obstructs an officer in the exercise of his powers under

subsection (2) or (3) of this section,

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

£100.

(5) Any person who makes, or causes to be made, any such record as is mentioned in section 97 of this Act or any entry in a book or register kept for the purposes of regulations under section 98 thereof which he knows to be false or, with intent to deceive, alters or causes to be altered any such record or entry shall be liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £200;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years.

(6) If an officer has reason to believe that an offence under subsection (5) of this section has been committed in respect of any record or document inspected by him under this section, he may seize that record or document; and where a record or document is seized as aforesaid and within six months of the date on which it was seized no person has been charged since that date with an offence in relation to that record or document under that subsection and the record or document has not been returned to the person from whom it was taken, a magistrate’s court shall, on an application made for the purpose by that person or by an officer, make such order respecting the disposal of the record or document and award such costs as the justice of the case may require.

(7) Any proceedings in Scotland under subsection (6) of this section shall be taken by way of summary application in the sheriff court; and in the application of that subsection to Scotland references to costs shall be construed as references to expenses.

(8) In this section " officer " means a certifying officer appointed under Part III of the Act of 1960. a public service vehicle examiner, an examiner appointed under Part IV of that Act and any person authorised for the purposes of this section by the traffic commissioners or licensing authority for any area.

4 B 4

Part VI

2230

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VI

Power to give effect to international agreements.

Orders and regulations under Part VI.

(9) The powers conferred by this section on an officer as defined in subsection (8) of this section shall be exercisable also by a police constable, who shall not. if wearing uniform, be required to produce any authority.

(10) In this section references to the inspection and copying of any record produced by means of equipment installed for the purposes of section 97 of this Act in a vehicle include references to the application to the record of any process for eliciting the information recorded thereby and to taking down the information elicited from it.

100. —(1) The Minister may by order make, in relation to Great Britain, such provision as appears to him to be requisite for enabling the United Kingdom to become a party to any international agreement relating to the drivers or crews of vehicles used on international journeys, and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this subsection, an order under this subsection may—

(a) modify or exclude any of the provisions contained in or

having effect under this Part of this Act or contained in or having effect under any other enactment passed before or after this Act;

(b) provide for exemptions from all or any of the provisions

of the order;

(c) provide for the punishment of contraventions of any

provision of the order;

(d) contain such supplementary, incidental or consequential

provisions as appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient.

(2) The Governor of Northern Ireland may, by Order in the Privy Council of Northern Ireland, make provision in relation to Northern Ireland for any purpose for which provision may be made in relation to Great Britain under subsection (1) of this section, and in relation to any such Order the provisions of that subsection shall apply accordingly as if for references to the Minister there were substituted references to the Governor of Northern Ireland; and any such Order may authorise the Ministry of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland to make regulations for any of the purposes of the Order.

101. —(1) In relation to orders or regulations made under this Part of this Act, the provisions of this section shall have effect in addition to the provisions of section 157 of this Act.

(2) Any order or regulations under this Part of this Act may make different provision for different classes of case.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2231

(3) No order shall be made under section 96(12) or 100(1) of this Act unless a draft of the order has been laid before, and approved by a resolution of, each House of Parliament; and any regulations made under this Part of this Act (except regulations made by virtue of an Order under section 100(2)) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(4) No recommendation shall be made to the Governor of Northern Ireland in Council to make an Order under subsection

(2) of section 100 of this Act unless a draft thereof has been laid before the Parliament of Northern Ireland and has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament of Northern Ireland; and an Order under that subsection which authorises the making of regulations may make provision for the laying of such regulations before the Parliament of Northern Ireland and for their annulment in such circumstances as may be specified in the Order.

(5) A definition or description of a class of vehicles for the purposes of any order or regulation under this Part of this Act may be framed by reference to any characteristic of the vehicles or to any other circumstances whatsoever.

(6) Before making any order or regulations under this Part of this Act the Minister shall consult with such representative organisations as he thinks fit.

102.—(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, this Part of this Act shall apply to vehicles and persons in the public service of the Crown.

(2) This Part of this Act shall not apply in the case of motor vehicles owned by the Secretary of State for Defence and used for naval, military or air force purposes or in the case of vehicles so used while being driven by persons for the time being subject to the orders of a member of the armed forces of the Crown.

(3) For the purpose of proceedings for an offence under this Part of this Act in connection with a vehicle in the public service of the Crown, being proceedings against a person other than the driver of the vehicle, the person nominated in that behalf by the department in whose service the vehicle is used shall be deemed to be the person actually responsible unless it is shown to the satisfaction of the court that the driver only was responsible.

(4) This Part of this Act shall not apply in the case of motor vehicles while being used for police or fire brigade purposes.

4 B*

Part VI

Application to the Crown and exemption for police and fire brigade.

2232

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VI 103.—(1) In this Part of this Act—

Interpretation, supplementary provisions, etc., for Part VI.

1947 c. 48.

1948 c. 45.

" agriculture " has the meaning assigned by section 109(3) of the Agriculture Act 1947 or, in relation to Scotland, section 86(3) of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act 1948; "driver", "employee-driver" and "owner-driver" have the meaning assigned by section 95(3) of this Act; " employer ", in relation to an employee-driver, means the employer of that driver in the employment by virtue of which that driver is an employee-driver;

" licensing authority " has the same meaning as in Part V of this Act;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the Minister;

" working day ", in relation to any driver, means—

(a) any period during which he is on duty and which does not fall to be aggregated with any other such period by virtue of paragraph ( ) of this definition; and (h) where a period during which he is on duty is not followed by an interval for rest of not less than eleven hours or (where permitted by virtue of section 96(4)(b) of this Act) of not less than nine and a half hours, the aggregate of that period and each successive such period until there is such an interval as aforesaid, together with any interval or intervals between periods so aggregated;

" working week " means, subject to subsection (5) of this section, a week beginning at midnight between Saturday and Sunday;

and any expression not defined above which is also used in the Act of 1960 has the same meaning as in that Act.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a director of a company shall be deemed to be employed by it

(3) In this Part of this Act references to a person driving a vehicle are references to his being at the driving controls of the vehicle for the purpose of controlling its movement, whether it is in motion or is stationary with the engine running.

(4) In this Part of this Act references to a driver being on duty are references—

(a) in the case of an employee-driver, to his being on duty (whether for the purpose of driving a vehicle to which this Part of this Act applies or for other purposes) in the employment by virtue of which he is an employee-driver, or in any other employment under the person who is his employer in the first-mentioned employment; and

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2233

(b) in the case of an owner-driver, to his driving a vehicle to which this Part of this Act applies for the purposes of a trade or business carried on by him or being otherwise engaged in work for the purposes of that trade or business, being work in connection with such a vehicle or the load carried thereby.

(5) The traffic commissioners or licensing authority for any area may, on the application of an owner-driver or of the employer of an employee-driver, from time to time direct that a week beginning at midnight between two days other than Saturday and Sunday shall be, or be deemed to have been, a working week in relation to that owner-driver or employee-driver; but where by virtue of any such direction a new working week begins before the expiration of a previous working week then, without prejudice to the application of the provisions of this Part of this Act in relation to the new working week, those provisions shall continue to apply in relation to the previous working week until its expiration.

(6) In sections 97(2)(a) and 98(2)(e) of this Act " a small goods vehicle " means a goods vehicle which has a plated weight of the prescribed description not exceeding three and a half tons or (not having a plated weight) has an unladen weight not exceeding thirty hundredweight; but the Minister may by regulations direct that the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall have effect, in relation to either or both of those sections—

(a) with the substitution for either of the weights there

specified of such other weight as may be specified in the regulations;

(b) with the substitution for either of those weights or for

any other weight for the time being specified as aforesaid of a weight expressed in terms of the metric system, being a weight which is equivalent to that for which it is substituted or does not differ from it by more than five per cent, thereof.

(7) Without prejudice to any jurisdiction of any court under any other enactment, proceedings for an offence under this Part of this Act may be commenced in any court having jurisdiction in die place where the person charged with the offence is for the time being.

(8) The enactments specified in Schedule 11 to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments there specified.

(9) Any order made under section 166(2) of this Act appointing a day for the purposes of any of the provisions of this Part of this Act may contain such transitional provision as the Minister thinks necessary or expedient as respects the application of any particular provision of this Part of this Act to a working week or working day falling partly before and partly after the date on which that provision comes into operation.

4 B* 2

Part VI

2234

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Classification of the Board's waterways.

Maintenance of the Board’s waterways.

Part VII Inland Waterways

The Board’s waterways

104.—(1) For the purposes of sections 105 to 111 of this Act the inland waterways comprised in the undertaking of the Waterways Board shall be divided into—

(a) the waterways for the time being specified in Part I

of Schedule 12 to this Act, being waterways (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the commercial waterways ") to be principally available for the commercial carriage of freight;

(b) the waterways for the time being specified in Part II of

that Schedule, being waterways (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the cruising waterways ") to be principally available for cruising, fishing and other recreational purposes; and

(c) the remainder.

(2) The description contained in the said Schedule 12 of any waterway shall be read subject to any order made by the Minister for giving greater precision to that description by reference to a map.

(3) The Minister may by order transfer any waterway from one Part of the said Schedule 12 to the other Part, remove any waterway from either of those Parts or add to either of those Parts any inland waterway for the time being comprised in the undertaking of the Board which is not for the time being a commercial waterway or a cruising waterway.

(4) Schedule 13 to this Act shall have effect in relation to the making of any order under subsection (3) of this section, and any such order shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(5) In subsection (3) of this section references to any waterway include references to any part of that waterway.

105.—(1) With a view to securing the general availability of the commercial and cruising waterways for public use, it shall be the duty of the Waterways Board, subject to the provisions of this section—

(a) to maintain the commercial waterways in a suitable condition for use by commercial freight-carrying vessels; and

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2235

(b) to maintain the cruising waterways in a suitable Part vn condition for use by cruising craft, that is to say, vessels constructed or adapted for the carriage of passengers and driven by mechanical power.

(2) Neither paragraph (a) nor paragraph ( of subsection (1) of this section shall impose on the Board any duty to maintain a waterway, or any part of a waterway, in a suitable condition for use by any vessel of the kind mentioned in that paragraph unless the dimensions of the vessel (that is to say, its length, width, height of superstructure and draught)—

(a) correspond to, or are less than, those of a vessel of that

kind which customarily used that waterway or part during the period of nine months ending with 8th December 1967; or

(b) if the waterway or part has been restored or improved

since that date, are such as to make it suitable for use on that waterway or part;

but, save as aforesaid, the duty imposed by that paragraph shall extend to any vessel of the kind therein mentioned as respects the dimensions of which paragraph (a) or (b) of this subsection is satisfied.

(3) If it appears to the Minister that, having regard to any change in the size, design or type of vessel customarily using any commercial waterway or cruising waterway, or any part thereof, it is desirable to exercise his powers under this subsection, he may (after consultation with the Board) by order substitute for the duty imposed on the Board by the foregoing provisions of this section in respect of that waterway or part such duty in respect of the maintenance thereof as he considers appropriate having regard to that change, and may by that order make such incidental or transitional provision as he thinks necessary or expedient in connection therewith.

(4) Schedule 13 to this Act shall have effect in relation to the making of any order under subsection (3) of this section, and any such order shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(5) Section 17 of the Regulation of Railways Act 1873 (which 1873 c. 48. requires the Board to maintain certain inland waterways) shall

cease to apply to any inland waterway which on the date on which this section comes into force is comprised in the undertaking of the Board; and any local enactment passed with respect to any such inland waterway, so far as that enactment—

(a) confers any public or private right of navigation over the waterway; or

4B*3

2236

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VII (b)imposes any duty to maintain that waterway for the

purpose of navigation (including any duty to supply, or maintain a supply of, water for the waterway for that purpose),

shall cease to have effect.

(6) If the Board acquire any inland waterway after the date on which this section comes into force any local enactment passed with respect thereto shall, so far as it confers or imposes any such right or duty as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or ( of subsection (5) of this section, cease to have effect on the date on which the waterway is so acquired.

(7) Any person who suffers loss by reason of the extinguishment by virtue of subsection (5) or (6) of this section of any private right shall be entitled to be paid by the Board compensation to be determined, in case of dispute, by the appropriate tribunal; and the tribunal shall, in determining the compensation, take into account any contractual right offered by the Board in substitution for the right which is extinguished.

(8) Where by virtue of subsection (5) of this section a statutory right of navigation ceases to be exercisable as respects a waterway of which the Waterways Board are not the owner, the Board shall have power to authorise any use of the waterway which would have been authorised by that statutory right.

Enforcement of 106.—(1) If, on an application by any person under this maintenance section to the High Court or, in Scotland, the Court of Session, duty- the court determines that there has been, in respect of any

waterway, a serious and persistent failure by the Waterways Board to discharge the duty imposed on them by—

(a) subsection (1) of section 105 of this Act; or

(b) any order made under subsection (3) of that section,

the court may, subject to the provisions of this section, require the Board to remedy that failure; but, save as aforesaid, neither the said subsection (1) nor any order under the said subsection (3) shall be construed as imposing any duty or liability enforceable by proceedings before any court to which the Board would not otherwise be subject.

(2) The fact that proceedings on an application under subsection (1) of this section (hereafter in this section referred to as 44 enforcement proceedings ") are in progress in respect of any waterway or any part of a waterway, or that the court has in any such proceedings imposed any requirement on the Board, shall not prevent the Minister from making an order in respect

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2237

of that waterway or part under section 104(3) or 105(3) of this Act; but—

(a) except as provided in subsection (3) of this section,

where such an order is made while enforcement proceedings are in progress, the court shall nevertheless determine those proceedings on the basis of the duty of the Board as it stood when the proceedings were instituted; and

(b) the making of such an order shall in no case absolve

the Board from complying with any requirement which is imposed by the court in any enforcement proceedings.

(3) If a relevant order is pending at the time when enforcement proceedings are instituted, or if, at any time after enforcement proceedings have been instituted and before the court has imposed any requirement on the Board in the proceedings, the Minister notifies the Board that he is considering the making of a relevant order and gives the court such a certificate as is mentioned in subsection (4) of this section—

(a) the court shall not, so long as the order is pending, impose any requirement on the Board in those proceedings; and

(b) if the order is made, the court shall, in determining in

those proceedings whether there has been a failure by the Board to discharge their duty, have regard only to the duty (if any) to which the Board are subject in consequence of the making of the order.

(4) The said certificate is a certificate in writing to the effect that it appears to the Minister that the imposition of any requirement on the Board on the basis of their existing duty would result in their incurring substantial expense and that, having regard to their financial position and their duty under section 18 of the Act of 1962 and section 41 of this Act, it would be unreasonable for them to bear that expense without a grant or further grant under section 43 of this Act.

(5) In subsection (3) of this section " relevant order " means, in relation to any enforcement proceedings, an order under section 104(3) or 105(3) of this Act in relation to the waterway or part of a waterway which is the subject of the proceedings; and for the purposes of that subsection an order is pending during the period of three months beginning with the day on which the Minister notifies the Board that he is considering the making of the order and, if before the expiration of that period notice of the proposed order is published under Schedule 13

4B*4

Part VII

2238

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VII

Amendments as to general duties of Board.

Prevention of nuisance as respects certain waterways.

1936 c. 49.

to this Act, during any further period until the order is made or the Minister notifies the Board that it will not be made.

(6) As soon as may be after giving the Board any such notification as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, the Minister shall give notice thereof in the London Gazette or, if the waterway or the part of the waterway in question is situated in Scotland, the Edinburgh Gazette.

(7) For the purposes of this section enforcement proceedings shall be treated as instituted at the time when the writ or summons beginning the proceedings is served on the Board.

107. —(1) The duty of the Waterways Board under subsection (1) of section 10 of the Act of 1962 to provide services and facilities on the inland waterways owned or managed by them shall extend only to the commercial waterways and cruising waterways.

(2) It shall be the duty of the Board—

(a) to secure that each of the inland waterways comprised in their undertaking which is not a commercial waterway or cruising waterway is dealt with in the most economical manner possible (consistent, in the case of a waterway which is retained, with the requirements of public health and the preservation of amenity and safety), whether by retaining and managing the waterway, by developing or eliminating it, or by disposing of it; and

(b) to secure that the best possible financial return is obtained from any asset of the Board which is not an inland waterway or harbour and is not required in connection with the provision of services and facilities by the Board, whether by exploiting it, by developing it, or by disposing of it.

(3) Subsection (4) of the said section 10 (which provides that the duties of the Board under that section are not to be legally enforceable) shall apply also to the duty imposed on the Board by subsection (2) of this section.

(4) Subsection (2) of the said section 10 (which requires the Board to carry out a review of the manner in which the best use can be made of those of their inland waterways which are not required for discharging their duties under subsection (1) of that section) shall cease to have effect.

108. —(1) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, any inland waterway in England or Wales comprised in the undertaking of the Waterways Board which is not a commercial waterway or cruising waterway shall be deemed to be—

(a) a watercourse for the purposes of section 259 of the Public Health Act 1936; and

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2239

(b) a vacant site for the purposes of section 36 of the Part VII

Town and Country Planning Act 1962; 1962 c. 38.

and the provisions of Part III of the said Act of 1936. as they apply by virtue of this subsection, may be enforced by a county council as well as by a local authority as defined in that Act. and any local authority within the meaning of the said Act of 1962 (and not only the local planning authority) shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of the said section 36 as it applies by virtue of this subsection.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, any inland waterway in Scotland comprised in the undertaking of the Board which is not a commercial waterway or cruising waterway shall be deemed to be—

(a) a watercourse for the purposes of section 16 of the

Public Health (Scotland) Act 1897; and 1897 c. 38.

(b) derelict land for the purposes of section 31 of the

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947; 1947 c. 53.

and any local authority within the meaning of the said Act of 1947 (and not only the local planning authority) shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of the said section 31 as it applies by virtue of this subsection.

(3) This section shall not apply to any waterway which has been closed to navigation under any local enactment before the date on which this section comes into force if the use of the waterway has been changed between the passing of that enactment and that date in pursuance of planning permission granted under Part III of the said Act of 1962 or Part II of the said Act of 1947; and this section shall cease to apply to any waterway if the use thereof is changed after that date in pursuance of such permission as aforesaid.

(4) This section shall have effect to the exclusion of any provision for similar purposes in any local enactment passed before the date on which this section comes into force in relation to any waterway to which this section applies.

109.—(1) Without prejudice to their powers apart from this Power of section, but subject to subsection (3) of this section, the Water- certain bodies ways Board shall have power— J^ke^over

(a) to enter into an agreement with any body to which this waterways and section applies for the maintenance by that body of any c°J1?®cted inland waterway comprised in the undertaking of the w*

Board which is not a commercial waterway or cruising waterway, or of any part of, or of any works connected with, any such waterway;

le

2240

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VII

1945_c. 42.

1963 c. 38.

(6) by agreement with any such body, to transfer to it any such waterway, part of a waterway or works as aforesaid belonging to the Board, together with any powers or obligations (whether statutory or otherwise) of the Board in respect thereof; and any body to which this section applies shall have all such powers as are required to enable it to enter into and carry out any such agreement as aforesaid or as are required to be exercised by it in consequence of any such transfer as is mentioned in this subsection.

(2) The bodies to which this section applies are as follows—

(a) a local authority;

(b) a river authority;

(c) a highway authority, not being a local authority;

(d) an Area Gas Board;

(e) an Area Electricity Board;

(/) the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board;

(g) the South of Scotland Electricity Board;

(h) any statutory water undertakers as defined in section

59(1) of the Water Act 1945 otherwise than for the purposes of Part II of that Act only;

(/) a regional water board;

(k) a water development board, and, as respects any particular agreement or transfer, any other body having public or charitable objects which is certified by the Minister as a body appearing to him to be capable of discharging the responsibilities falling on the body in consequence of that agreement or transfer.

(3) Subject to subsection (5) of this section, no such agreement or transfer as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section shall be made with or to—

(a) any local authority unless what is to be maintained or transferred—

(i) is situated in the area of the authority; or

(ii) though not situated in that area, is so situated that persons residing in that area have convenient access to it;

(b) any river authority unless—

(i) what is to be maintained or transferred is situated in the area of the authority; and

(ii) the Ministers (as defined in section 82(9) of the Water Resources Act 1963) have consented to the agreement or transfer;

and the powers under this section of any statutory water undertakers or of any regional water board or water development

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2241

board shall be exercisable only for the purposes of their water part vn undertaking and with the consent of the Minister of Housing and Local Government or, as respects anything to be done in Scotland or in Wales, the Secretary of State.

(4) Any agreement under this section whereby a waterway or part of a waterway is to be maintained by, or transferred to, a body to which this section applies may include provision for securing that the body in question makes the waterway or part available for public use.

(5) The Board may make an agreement for maintenance or transfer under this section with two or more bodies jointly on such terms as to the sharing of expenses between those bodies and otherwise as those bodies may agree; and, notwithstanding subsection (3)(a)(i) or (b)(i) of this section (but without prejudice, in the case of a local authority, to subsection (3)(a)(ii) of this section), a local authority or river authority may be a party to such an agreement if part of what is to be maintained or transferred is situated in their area and the remainder in the area or areas of one or more other authorities (whether local authorities or river authorities) who are also parties to the agreement.

110.—(1) There shall be a body to be known as the Inland The Inland Waterways Amenity Advisory Council consisting of a chairman Waterways and not less than twelve members appointed by the Minister aSSSL after consultation with the chairman of the Waterways Board; council? and the members so appointed—

(a) shall include persons who appear to the Minister to have

wide knowledge of, and interest in, the use of inland waterways for amenity or recreational purposes, including fishing; and

(b) may include not more than four persons who are mem-

bers of the Waterways Board.

(2) In addition to their functions under Schedule 13 to this Act, it shall be the function of the Council—

(a) to advise the Waterways Board and the Minister on any

proposal to add to or reduce the cruising waterways;

(b) to consider, and, where it appears to them to be desirable, to make recommendations to the Waterways Board or the Minister with respect to, any other matter—

(i) affecting the use or development for amenity or recreational purposes, including fishing, of the cruising waterways;

2242

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part vn (ii) with respect to the provision for those pur-

poses of services or facilities in connection with those waterways or the commercial waterways,

being a matter which has been referred to the Council by die Board or the Minister, which has been the subject of representations to the Council by any other person or which appears to the Council to be a matter to which consideration ought to be given.

(3) The Council shall not make recommendations to the Minister with respect to any matter under this section without first consulting with the Board about that matter.

(4) The persons appointed to be members of the Council shall hold and vacate office in accordance with their terms of appointment and shall, on ceasing to hold office, be eligible for reappointment; but any such person may at any time by notice in writing to the Minister resign his office.

(5) The Council may, with the approval of the Minister, appoint such regional committees, and may appoint such other committees, as they think fit; and the procedure of the Council and of any such committee, including the quorum at meetings, shall be such as may be determined by the Council.

(6) The Waterways Board shall provide the Council with such officers and servants and such accommodation as appear to the Board to be requisite for the proper discharge of the Council’s functions or as may be directed by the Mimster; and the said Board may pay to the members of the Council allowances in respect of loss of remunerative time in accordance with a scale approved by the Minister with the consent of the Treasury and such travelling allowances and allowances in respect of out-of-pocket expenses as the Board may determine.

Access agreements and orders as respects canals other than commercial waterways and cruising waterways.

1968 c. 41. 1949 c. 97.

111. Subsections (2) and (3) of section 16 of the Countryside Act 1968 (which enable access agreements and access orders to be made under Part V of the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949 in respect of canals and of certain land held therewith) shall apply as respects, and as respects land held with, any canal or part of a canal owned or managed by the Waterways Board which is not for the time being a commercial waterway or a cruising waterway; and accordingly in subsection

(6)(c) of that section (which prevents the said subsections (2) and

(3) from applying where the canal or part of a canal is owned or managed by die Board) there shall be added at the end the words " which is for the time being a commercial waterway or a cruising waterway within the meaning of section 104 of the Transport Act 1968

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2243

Other inland waterway provisions Part VH

112.—(1) In the case of any canal which is not comprised in Power to the undertaking of the Waterways Board, the Minister may by order direct all or any of the following, that is to say— rights Mid

(a) that any local enactment passed with respect to that obligations in

canal shall cease to have effect so far as it confers

any public or private right of navigation over that comprised in

canal; undertaking

(b) that any such enactment shall cease to have effect so of Board-

far as it imposes any duty to maintain that canal for the purpose of navigation (including any duty to supply, or maintain a supply of, water for the canal for that purpose);

(c) that section 17 of the Regulation of Railways Act 1873 1873 c. 48.

if applicable to that canal, shall cease to apply to it.

(2) An order under this section in respect of any canal may be made on the application of the person who owns or manages the canal, on the application of any local authority or river authority in whose area the canal is situated, or without any application being made.

(3) An order under this section in respect of any canal—

(a) shall specify the person, whether the person who owns

or manages the canal, a local authority, a river authority or the Minister, by whom any such compensation as is mentioned in subsection (4) of this section is to be paid;

(b) may confer on a person specified in the order power

to authorise any use of the canal which would have been authorised by a statutory right of navigation which by virtue of the order ceases to be exercisable as respects the canal;

(c) may make provision, in relation to the canal or any works connected therewith, for purposes corresponding to those of section 109 of this Act; and

(d) may include such incidental or supplementary provisions as the Minister thinks fit, including provisions

for applying section 259 of the Public Health Act 1936 1936 c. 49. and section 36 of the Town and Country Planning 1962 c. 38. Act 1962, or, as the case may be, section 16 of the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1897 and section 31 of 1897 c. 38. the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947, 1947 c. 53. to the canal.

(4) Any person who suffers loss by reason of the extinguishment by virtue of an order under this section of any private right shall be entitled to be paid by the person specified in that

2244

Part VII

1888 c. 25.

Byelaws in respect of waterways owned or managed by certain bodies.

1963 c. 38.

Ch. 73 Transport Act 1968

behalf in the order compensation to be determined, in case of dispute, by the appropriate tribunal; and the tribunal shall, in determining the compensation, take into account any contractual right offered by the person who owns or manages the canal in substitution for the right which is extinguished.

(5) Schedule 13 to this Act shall have effect in relation to the making of any order under this section, and any such order shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(6) In this section "canal" includes any navigation which has been made under, or in respect of which tolls may be levied by virtue of, any enactment, and references to a canal include references to part of a canal.

(7) Section 45 of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 (which is superseded by this section) shall cease to have effect

113.—(1) The Minister may, on the application of any qualified body which owns or manages an inland waterway and after consultation with the relevant authority, by order confer on that body power to make byelaws in relation to that waterway for such purposes as may be specified in the order.

(2) Byelaws made by virtue of an order under this section shall not have effect until confirmed by the Minister, and before applying to the Minister for the confirmation of any byelaws the body concerned shall take such steps as may be specified in the order for securing that persons affected by the byelaws have an opportunity of making representations thereon to the Minister.

(3) If any person contravenes, or fails to comply with, any byelaws made by virtue of an order under this section he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £20, and if the contravention or failure to comply is continued after the conviction, be shall be guilty of a further offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £5 for each day on which it is so continued.

(4) An order under this section may contain such supplementary provisions as the Minister thinks necessary or expedient.

(5) In this section—

44 qualified body " means any navigation authority as defined in section 135(1) of the Water Resources Act 1963, a body mentioned in any of the paragraphs of section 109(2) of this Act (except paragraph (c) thereof) and any other body having public or charitable objects;

44 relevant authority ", in relation to any order, means any local authority or river authority (except any such

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2245

authority which is itself the applicant for the order) Part VII

in whose area the waterway in question is wholly or partly situated.

(6) Section 40 of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 1888 c. 25. (which makes provision as to the byelaws of canal companies) shall not apply to byelaws made by virtue of an order under this section.

114. Without prejudice to section 109 of this Act, a local Power of local authority may assist any other person (whether financially, by authorities to the provision of services or facilities, or otherwise) in maintaining or improving for amenity or recreational purposes, including waterways fishing— for amenity

(a) any inland waterway situated wholly or partly in thepurposes*

area of the authority; and

(b) any other inland waterway which is so situated that it

can conveniently be used for those purposes by persons residing in the area of the authority.

Supplementary

115.—(1) In sections 105 and 112 of this Act— Interpretation

(a) references to any right of navigation over a waterway of Part VD*

or canal include references to any right to use or keep any vessel or craft on the waterway or canal;

(b) " the appropriate tribunal " means, as respects England and Wales, the Lands Tribunal and, as respects Scotland, the Lands Tribunal for Scotland or, until sections 1 to 3 of the Lands Tribunal Act 1949 come 1949 c. 42. into force as regards Scotland, an official arbiter appointed under Part I of the Land Compensation 1963 c. 51. (Scotland) Act 1963;

and sections 3 and 5 of the said Act of 1963 shall apply, subject to any necessary modifications, in relation to the determination of any question under either of those sections by an arbiter so appointed.

(2) Nothing in section 105 or in any order under section 112 of this Act shall be construed as abrogating any rights of navigation which subsist otherwise than by virtue of the enactments referred to in subsections (5) and (6) of the said section 105 or subsection (1) of the said section 112; and in those subsections references to rights conferred by an enactment do not include references to rights which are merely confirmed by it and which, if that enactment had not been passed, would subsist otherwise than by virtue of any such enactments as aforesaid.

2246

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VII

1963 c. 38.

Transfer of

responsibility

for

maintenance of highways on bridges over Boards* railways, inland

waterways, etc.

(3) In sections 109, 112, 113 and 114 of this Act, " local " authority " means—

(a) as respects England and Wales, the council of a county,

county borough, county district or London borough, the Greater London Council and the Common Council of the City of London;

(b) as respects Scotland, a county council and a town council.

(4) In sections 109, 112 and 113 of this Act, " river authority " includes any body on which functions corresponding to the functions of river authorities are conferred under section 125 of the Water Resources Act 1963 (provisions as to Thames, Lee and London areas) and any reference to the area of any such body shall be construed as a reference to the area in relation to which any such functions are conferred on that body as aforesaid.

Part VIII Bridges, Level Crossings, etc.

Bridges

116.—(1) Where a highway is carried by a bridge over one or more of the following, that is to say, a railway of the Railways Board, a railway of the London Board, an inland waterway of the Waterways Board or any other installation or land used by any of those Boards in connection with a railway or inland waterway, and immediately before the appointed day—

(a) the Board or Boards concerned are responsible for

maintaining the highway carried by the bridge, or that highway together with the highway giving access to the bridge; and

(b) the highway at each end—

(i) of the bridge; or

(ii) if the Board or Boards are also responsible for maintaining the highway giving access to the bridge, of the bridge and any such highway,

is a highway maintainable at the public expense,

the highway carried by the bridge, together with any such highway as is mentioned in paragraph (b)(ii) of this subsection, shall on that day become a highway maintainable at the public expense.

(2) Any agreement between any of the Boards mentioned in subsection (1) of this section and a highway authority, so far as it provides for that authority to carry out after the appointed day, at the expense of the Board, any maintenance for which

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2247

the Board cease to be responsible by virtue of that subsection. Part vm shall cease to have effect on that day.

(3) Where by virtue of any agreement or order made before the appointed day—

(a) a highway authority is responsible for maintaining the

highway carried by or giving access to a bridge such as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section; and

(b) but for that agreement or order, any of the Boards men-

tioned in that subsection would by virtue thereof have ceased to be responsible for maintaining that highway on that day,

that Board shall not by virtue of that agreement or order be liable to make to that highway authority in respect of the maintenance of that highway any annual or other periodical payment (not being an instalment of a lump sum) which falls due after that day.

(4) Where paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) of this section are not satisfied immediately before the appointed day in the case of any such bridge as is mentioned in that subsection, or such a bridge as aforesaid is constructed after that day, then, if those paragraphs are satisfied in the case of that bridge on any subsequent day, the highway carried by the bridge, together with any highway giving access to the bridge for the maintenance of which the Board or Boards concerned are also responsible, shall on that subsequent day become a highway maintainable at the public expense.

(5) A highway which by virtue of this section on any day becomes a highway maintainable at the public expense shall—

(a) if and so far as it is in any county, be a county road if

on that day the highway at one or both ends of it is in relation to that county a county road; and

(b) if and so far as it is in a non-county borough or urban

district, be a claimed county road if on that day the highway at one or both ends of it is in relation to that borough or district a claimed county road;

but this subsection shall be without prejudice to any provision by virtue of which a highway may at any time cease to be a county road or a claimed county road.

(6) This section shall not affect the responsibility of any of the Boards for the maintenance of any part of a bridge or its approaches other than the surface of the highway, and a highway authority—

(a) shall not by virtue of this section be under any duty to make good, or incur any liability by reason of, any

2248

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VII defect in the surface of the highway so far as attribut-

able to the failure of any of the Boards to discharge that responsibility;

(b) shall permit the Board or Boards concerned to carry out on or in relation to the surface of the highway any works reasonably required to be carried out by them for discharging that responsibility or for inspecting, maintaining or altering any apparatus of the Board or Boards incorporated in or attached to the bridge; and

(c) shall not, without the consent of the Board or Boards concerned, increase to a significant extent the weight of the materials constituting the surface of the highway.

(7) Nothing in this section shall affect any liability incurred by any of the Boards by reason of any act or omission in relation to any highway before the day on which they cease by virtue of this section to be responsible for its maintenance.

Duty of

Boards as

respects

bridges

carrying

highways.

117.—(1) This section applies to any bridge which—

(c) carries a highway over one or more of the following that is to say, a railway of the Railways Board, a railway of the London Board, an inland waterway of the Waterways Board or any other installation or land used by any of those Boards in connection with a railway or inland waterway; and

(b) belongs to the Board or Boards whose railway, waterway, installation or land is crossed by the bridge.

(2) It shall be the duty of each of the Boards mentioned in subsection (1) of this section—

(a) in constructing a bridge which, on completion, will

belong to the Board and be a bridge to which this section applies, or in reconstructing a bridge which belongs to the Board and to which this section applies, to secure that it has the required load-bearing capacity;

(b) to maintain and, if necessary, to improve or strengthen

any bridge which belongs to the Board and to which this section applies so that it has the required load-bearing capacity, and, if at any time it is not reasonably practicable to secure that it has that capacity by means of maintenance, improvement or strengthening, to reconstruct the bridge or to replace it by a new bridge.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2) of this section a bridge has the required load-bearing capacity—

(a) in the case of a bridge in relation to which load-bearing standards are prescribed by an order made by the appropriate Minister, if it complies with those standards; and

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2249

(b) in the case of any other bridge, if it is such as to be capable of bearing the weight of the traffic which ordinarily uses, or may reasonably be expected to use, the highway carried by the bridge on or about the day on which this section comes into force in relation to bridges of the Board concerned or, if the bridge is constructed subsequently, when it is opened for traffic.

(4) An order made for the purposes of subsection (3)(a) of this section—

(a) may prescribe standards for a particular bridge or for

any class or description of bridges;

(b) may, in prescribing standards for a particular bridge or for any class or description of bridges, at the same time prescribe different standards for any bridge or bridges resulting from the reconstruction or replacement of that bridge or of any of those bridges;

(c) may prescribe standards by reference to any document

published by the British Standards Institution, any government department or any other body or authority, and provide that where standards are prescribed as aforesaid any question as to the requirements to be fulfilled by a particular bridge in order to comply with those standards shall be determined, in case of dispute, by a certificate of the appropriate Minister;

(d) shall not, so long as a bridge is not reconstructed or

replaced, be such as to require the bridge to comply with standards higher than those prescribed in relation thereto by a previous order under this section.

(5) For the purposes of subsection (3 of this section, no account shall be taken of any traffic which cannot use the highway carried by the bridge in question without infringing a prohibition for the time being in force under section 1, 6, 12 or 17 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967.

(6) The requirements of this section shall be in addition to, and, so far as inconsistent therewith, shall prevail over, any requirements applicable to the bridge in question under section 46, 50, 51, 52, or 66 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act 1845, section 39, 43, 44, 45, or 58 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845 or under any similar enactment.

(7) In subsection (2) of this section references to a bridge being constructed by or belonging to a Board include references to its being constructed by or belonging to any two or more of the Boards mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, and in any such case the duties imposed by the said subsection (2) shall be duties of both or all of those Boards.

Part VIII

1967 c. 76.

1845 c. 20. 1845 c. 33.

2250

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VII (8) In this section " the appropriate Minister " means, as respects bridges in England, the Minister and as respects bridges in Scotland or Wales, the Secretary of State.

Duty of 118.—(1) This section applies to any bridge, including a

bridge constructed after the day on which this section comes etc^asnsspect. «*> «*»• "Wch-

bridges over (a) carries a highway over one or more of the following,

®^rds* that is to say, a railway of the Railways Board, a

jnlaJ2ysor railway of the London Board or an inland waterway

waterways. of the Waterways Board; and

(b) belongs to the Minister, the Secretary of State, a local highway authority or some other person not being the Board or Boards whose railway or waterway is crossed by the bridge.

(2) Subject to subsections (4) and (5) of this section, it shall be the duty of the person to whom a bridge to which this section applies belongs (in this section referred to as "the owner’*) to maintain it in such a condition that it is not a source of danger to, and does not interfere with, or require any restriction to be placed on, the traffic from time to time using the railway or inland waterway crossed by the bridge.

(3) Any of the said Boards whose railway or inland waterway is crossed by a bridge to which this section applies (in this section referred to as " the relevant Board ") shall be entitled at all reasonable times to inspect and survey that bridge and for that purpose to place on or against it such apparatus as may be reasonably required; and subject to subsection (5) of this section, the Board may—

(a) at any time serve on the owner a notice requiring him

to carry out, within such reasonable time as may be specified in the notice, any works so specified which are required to maintain die bridge in, or to restore it to, the condition mentioned in subsection (2) of this section; and

(b) if all or any of those works are not satisfactorily

carried out by the owner in accordance with the notice, themselves carry out all or any of those works and recover the reasonable expenses of so doing from the owner;

and, if, in the opinion of the Board, it is necessary so to do by reason of the urgency of the matter, the Board may, without giving any such notice, themselves carry out any works which are required as aforesaid and, subject to subsection (5) of this section, recover the reasonable expenses of so doing from the owner.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2251

(4) The relevant Board shall afford to the owner of a bridge Part vm to which this section applies such access to land occupied by

them as he may reasonably require for maintaining the bridge in, or restoring it to, the condition mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, except that the Board shall not be obliged to afford access for any works the carrying out of which would, in the opinion of the Board, involve danger to or interference with, or require any restriction to be placed on, traffic using the railway or inland waterway crossed by the bridge, and where the Board refuse access as aforesaid—

(a) the owner of the bridge shall not by virtue of subsection

(2) of this section be under any duty to carry out those works; but

(b) the Board may themselves carry out those works and,

subject to subsection (5) of this section, recover the reasonable expenses of so doing from the owner.

(5) The owner of a bridge shall not by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section be under any duty to carry out or pay for works for making good any defect—

(a) caused by the withdrawal of support from land in

connection with the working or getting of minerals or with brine pumping; or

(b) for which the relevant Board are themselves responsible;

but nothing in this subsection shall affect any agreement between the owner of the bridge and the relevant Board and, subject to any such agreement, the relevant Board shall be entitled to carry out any works which are required to make good any such defect as aforesaid.

(6) The owner of any bridge to which this section applies shall afford to the relevant Board such access to land occupied by him as they may reasonably require for exercising their powers under this section; but the Board shall not claim such access as of right unless they have given the owner not less than seven days previous notice in writing stating the purpose of the proposed entry, except that they shall not be obliged to give such a notice if, in their opinion, it is impracticable to do so by reason of the urgency of the matter, in which case they shall take such steps as are reasonably practicable (before or after they enter the land) for informing the owner of the purpose of the entry.

(7) Where, in exercising their powers under this section in relation to any bridge, a Board cause damage to the bridge or to any land occupied by the owner of the bridge, they shall pay to the owner such compensation as may be just.

(8) The duty imposed by subsection (2) of this section on the owner of a bridge shall be in addition to any duty of the

2252

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part vm owner to maintain the bridge which arises under any other enactment or any order or agreement passed or made before the day on which this section comes into force or the date on which the bridge became a bridge to which this section applies, as the case may be; and, if under any such enactment, older or agreement there are subsisting as between the owner and the relevant Board any rights or liabilities as respects the making of payments in connection with the maintenance of the bridge, those rights and liabilities may be abrogated or modified by agreement between them or, in default of agreement, on the application of either of them, by arbitration.

(9) Any dispute arising out of this section between the owner of a bridge and a Board shall be referred to arbitration, but this subsection—

(a) shall be without prejudice to any provision of this section whereby any matter is to be determined by the opinion of a Board; and

(b) shall not preclude the carrying out by a Board of any works pending the determination of any arbitration proceedings.

(10) The provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to any bridge subject to any agreement made between the owner of the bridge and the relevant Board after the date on which those provisions became applicable to the bridge.

(11) Where any cable, pipe or other apparatus is incorporated in or attached to a bridge to which this section applies, then—

(a) if the apparatus belongs to the owner of the bridge, it shall be treated for the purposes of this section as forming part of the bridge; and

(b) if the apparatus belongs to some other person, the provisions of subsections (2) to (10) of this section shall have effect in relation to the apparatus and to that person as they have effect in relation to a bridge to which this section applies and to the owner of such a bridge;

but none of the said Boards shall by virtue of this subsection interfere with the use of any such apparatus for providing any supply or service if the apparatus is so used by its owner under statutory powers and he has not consented to that interference.

(12) Nothing in this section shall be taken as authorising any person to interfere with traffic lawfully using any bridge, or as

1950 c. 39. authorising the disregard of any of the provisions of the Public Utilities Street Works Act 1950.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2253

119.—(1) Where after the appointed day any bridge belonging Part VIII to the Railways Board, the London Board or the Waterways Ending of Board is transferred to the Minister or the Secretary of State liability of under section 229 of the Highways Act 1959 or section 7 of the "O*™8 to Trunk Roads Act 1946 (bridges carrying highways which become payments trunk roads) or to a special road authority by an order made on being by virtue of section 230 of the said Act of 1959 or section 8 relieved of of the Special Roads Act 1949 (bridges carrying highways which responsibility are included in special road schemes), the Board— Srr^Sfttunk

(a) shall not be liable under the provisions of section 58(2) or special

of the said Act of 1959, section 7(3) of the said Act roads, of 1946 or section 8(2) of the said Act of 1949, to 1959 c. 25. pay any sum in respect of the value to the Board of 1946 c. 30. the extinguishment of their liability for the mainten-1949 c. 32. ance, repair or improvement of the bridge or the highway carried thereby; but

(b) shall not be entitled to receive under section 229(3) or 230(2) of the said Act of 1959 or the said section 7(3) or 8(2) any sum in respect of the value to them of the bridge as an asset productive of revenue except to the extent (if any) by which that sum exceeds the sum which, apart from paragraph (a) of this subsection, the Board would be liable to pay under the provisions mentioned in that paragraph.

(2) None of the Boards mentioned in subsection (1) of this section shall be liable to pay any instalment or make any annual payment under the provisions mentioned in paragraph (a) of that subsection if the obligation to pay that instalment or to make that payment arises from the transfer of any bridge before the appointed day and that instalment or payment falls due after that day.

126.—(1) The Minister may by order prescribe a minimum Minimum height for the parapets of any specified bridge carrying a road {jcljht for over a railway or of any class or description of such bridges, and it shall be the duty of the person who constructs any bridge p"rapc to which such an order applies, or, if the bridge is already in existence, who is responsible for maintaining it, to secure that it has parapets of a height not less than that prescribed by the order.

(2) Any bridge having parapets of a height not less than that for the time being prescribed for that bridge by an order under this section shall be deemed to comply with any requirements as to the height of those parapets imposed by or under section 50 or 66 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act 1845 c. 20. 1845, section 43 or 58 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation 1845 c. 33. (Scotland) Act 1845 or any similar enactment.

2254

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part vm

Application of foregoing sections to undertakers other than Railways Board, London Board and Waterways Board.

1896 c. 48.

(3) It is hereby declared that an order may be made under this section in respect of any such bridge as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section notwithstanding that it carries a highway for which the Minister or the Secretary of State is the highway authority.

121.—(1) In the foregoing sections of this Part of this Act any reference to the Railways Board, the London Board or the Waterways Board includes a reference to any subsidiary of that Board; and sections 116 and 117 of this Act, so far as they relate to installations and land used in connection with a railway, shall apply to the Freight Corporation and any subsidiary of that Corporation as they apply to any of those Boards.

(2) The Minister may by order apply—

(a) all or any of the provisions of section 116 or 117 of this Act to bridges over railways or inland waterways of persons other than the Boards mentioned in those sections or their subsidiaries, or over installations or land used in connection with a railway or inland waterway by persons other than those Boards or subsidiaries, the Freight Corporation or the subsidiaries of that Corporation;

(ib) all or any of the provisions of section 118 of this Act to bridges over railways or inland waterways of persons other than the Boards mentioned in that section or their subsidiaries.

(3) An order under subsection (2) of this section may make such modifications in the provisions applied by it, and in any other enactment or instrument relating to the bridge, railway, inland waterway, installation or land to which it relates, as appear to the Minister to be appropriate.

(4) An order under the Light Railways Act 1896 may make provision for any matter for which provision can be made by an order made under subsection (2) of this section in relation to a railway or to any installation or land used in connection with a railway.

(5) Before making an order under subsection (2) of this section or by virtue of subsection (4) thereof, the Minister shall consult with the highway authority concerned (unless he is himself that authority); and, before making an order under the said subsection (2), the Minister shall consult with the owner of the railway, inland waterway, installation or land concerned.

(6) Where an order made under subsection (2) or by virtue of subsection (4) of this section applies all or any of the provisions of section 117 of this Act to any bridge to which

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2255

that section has not at any previous time applied, paragraphs Part VUI 15, 16, 18, 19 and 20 of Schedule 11 to the Highways Act 1959 1959 c. 25. (which relate to the apportionment of expenses) shall apply in relation to that bridge as if—

(a) the provisions of the said section 117 so applied were an order to which the said paragraph 15 applies; and ib) the bridge were such a bridge as is mentioned in the said paragraph 15; and

(c) the highway authorities referred to in those paragraphs of the said Schedule 11 were the highway authority or highway authorities for the highway carried by the bridge;

but if the order made as aforesaid also applies to the bridge all or any of the provisions of section 116 of this Act and the highway carried by or giving access to the bridge has under the provisions of the said section 116 so applied become a highway maintainable at the public expense instead of by the owners of the bridge, then, for the purposes of paragraph (iii) of the proviso to the said paragraph 15, the share of the expense there referred to of those owners shall be increased by an amount equivalent to the amount of any saving to those owners, in consequence of those provisions of the said section 116, of expense in maintaining that highway.

(7) In the application of the last foregoing subsection to Scotland, references therein to paragraphs 15, 16, 18, 19 and 20 of Schedule 11 to the Highways Act 1959 and to paragraph

(iii) of the proviso to the said paragraph 15 shall be construed as references to the following provisions respectively of the Bridges 1929 c. 33. Act 1929, namely, sections 6(1), 6(2), 6(3), 7(2) and 15(h) and paragraph (c) of the proviso to the said section 6(1).

(8) In subsections (2) and (3) of this section, and in subsection (5) thereof so far as it relates to subsection (2), references to the Minister shall, as respects bridges in Scotland or Wales, be construed as references to the Secretary of State.

122.—(1) Where a railway or an inland waterway passes Interpretation under a highway by means of a tunnel, or runs in a cutting of sections 116 over which a highway is superimposed, the foregoing provisionst0121 * of this Part of tins Act (except sections 119 and 120) shall, so far as applicable and subject to any necessary modifications, have effect in relation to the highway as if it were carried by a bridge and to the structure of the tunnel or, as the case may be, the structure by means of which the highway is superimposed as aforesaid, as if that structure were a bridge.

(2) In sections 116,117 and 120 of this Act, and in section 121 thereof so far as it relates to the said sections 116 and 117,

4 C

2256

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part VII

Power of highway and other authorities to contribute to cost of barriers, etc., at level crossings.

Board's obligations at level crossings with roads other than public carriage roads.

references to a railway include references to a railway which has ceased to carry any traffic and to the site of a railway from which the track has been removed.

(3) In sections 117 and 118 of this Act, and in section 121 thereof so far as it relates to those sections, references to a bridge include references to any abutments or other parts of a bridge and, if the person to whom the bridge belongs is responsible for the maintenance thereof—

(a) to the surface of the highway carried by, or giving access

to, the bridge;

(b) to any embankment, retaining wall or other work or

substance supporting or protecting the surface of that highway.

(4) In the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act, and in this section, references to a highway do not include references to a waterway.

Level crossings

123. —(1) Contributions to the expenses incurred by the Railways Board in providing lifting or other barriers, lights, signs, or other devices or appliances for the protection or convenience of the public at or near any level crossing where a road is crossed by a railway of the Board may be made by—

(a) the highway authority, if any, for that road; and

(b) any local authority, not being the highway authority, in

whose area the level crossing is situated.

(2) In this section "local authority*' means, as respects England and Wales, the council of a county, county borough, London borough or county district, the Greater London Council and the Common Council of the City of London and, as respects Scotland, a county council and a town council.

124. —(1) The Minister may by order require the Railways Board—

(a) to provide, maintain and operate, at or near any level

crossing where a road other than a public carriage road is crossed by a railway of the Board, such lifting or other barriers, lights, signs or other devices or appliances; and

(b) to comply with such other requirements in relation to

the level crossing,

as he considers necessary or desirable for the protection or convenience of the public.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2257

(2) The obligations imposed on the Board in respect of any Part vm level crossing by an order under this section shall be in substitution for any obligations imposed on them in respect of

that crossing by section 68 of the Railways Clauses Consolida- 1845 c. 20. tion Act 1845 (which requires gates and other works to be provided for the benefit of adjacent land), section 60 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845 (which 1845 c. 33. makes corresponding provision for Scotland) or any other enactment for purposes similar to either of those sections.

(3) Not less than two months before making an order under this section in respect of any level crossing (other than an order varying or revoking a previous order under this section) the Minister shall send a draft of the proposed order to the Board and to each local authority in whose area the level crossing is situated, and if the Board or any such authority makes representations to the Minister with respect to the proposed order he shall consider the representations and may then make the order in the form of the draft or in that form with such modifications as he thinks fit.

(4) In this section "local authority" means, as respects England and Wales, the council of a county, county borough,

London borough or county district, the Greater London Council and the Common Council of the City of London and, as respects Scotland, a county council and a town council.

Inspectors of railways

125.—(1) The powers of an inspector of railways under para-Powers of graph (1) of section 4 of the Regulation of Railways Act 1871 inspectors (entry to and inspection of railway premises and equipment) shall also be exercisable in respect of— personsother

(a) any bridge over or under which any railway passes, being than railway a bridge not belonging to a railway company; and titS?*

(b) any premises occupied by a person to whom paragraph staff.

(a), ( c)or ( d) of subsection (2) of this section applies 1871 c. 78. and used for the purposes of any such work as is mentioned in that paragraph.

(2) The power of such an inspector under paragraph (2) of the said section 4 (summoning, questioning and obtaining of returns from railway companies and their staff) shall also be exercisable in respect of—

(a) any person (other than a person mentioned in the said paragraph (2)) who, in pursuance of a contract with a railway company, is carrying or has carried out any work on, over or under a railway or in respect of any premises or equipment used in connection with a railway;

4 C 2

2258

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Pari VIII

Amendment of provisions as to regulation of traffic.

1967 c. 76.

(b) any person who is the owner, or responsible for the

maintenance, of any such bridge as is mentioned in subsection (l)(a) of this section;

(c) any person who, in pursuance of a contract with a

person to whom paragraph ( of this subsection applies, is carrying or has carried out any work in connection with any such bridge as aforesaid;

(i d)any person who, in pursuance of a contract with a

person to whom paragraph (a) or (c) of this subsection applies, is carrying or has carried out any such work as is mentioned in that paragraph;

(e) any employee of a person to whom any of the foregoing paragraphs of this subsection applies, being an employee whose duties are connected with any such work or bridge as is mentioned in that paragraph, and, where a person to whom any of the foregoing paragraphs of this subsection applies is a body corporate, any director or other person engaged in the management of that body.

(3) The power of any such inspector under paragraph (3) of the said section 4 (production of books, papers and documents of a railway company) shall also be exercisable in respect of the books, papers and documents of a person to whom paragraph (a), (£>), (c) or id) of subsection (2) of this section applies which relate to any such work or bridge as is mentioned in that paragraph.

(4) In this section references to a railway company include references to any of the Boards whose undertaking includes a railway and to the Freight Corporation.

Part IX Regulation of Road Traffic

126.—(1) In the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 (hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to as "the principal Act"), in section 1(1) (which specifies the purposes for which a traffic regulation order may be made as respects any road outside Greater London)—

(a) in paragraph (a) (which enables such an order to be

made for avoiding danger to persons or other traffic using the road or any other road) after the words " other road " there shall be inserted the words " or for preventing the likelihood of any such danger arising ";

(b) for paragraph (c) (which enables such an order to be

made for facilitating the passage of vehicular traffic

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2259

on the road or any other road) there shall be substituted the following: —

" (c) for facilitating the passage on the road or any other road of any class of traffic (including foot passengers) or of vehicles, or ";

(c) at the end of paragraph (e) there shall be added the words " or

if) for preserving or improving the amenities of the area through which the road runs

(2) After subsection (3) of the said section 1 there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

" (3A) The provision which may be made by a traffic regulation order shall include any provision prohibiting, restricting or regulating the use of a road or any part of the width thereof by, or by any specified class of, foot passengers, either generally or subject to exceptions specified in the order, and either at all times or at times, on days or during periods so specified ";

and in subsection (8) of the said section 1 (which imposes penalties on a person who uses a vehicle, or causes or permits a vehicle to be used, in contravention of such an order) after the word "person " there shall be inserted the words " who contravenes a traffic regulation order or

(3) In the said section 1, after the subsection (3A) inserted by subsection (2) of this section there shall be inserted the subsections set out in Part I of Schedule 14 to this Act, being subsections making with respect to an order under the said section 1 relating to an area outside Greater London the like provision as is made with respect to an order under section 6 of the principal Act relating to Greater London by subsections

(4) to (6) of the said section 6 as amended by subsection (7) of this section.

(4) In subsection (5) of the said section 1 (which prohibits the making of an order under that section with respect to any road which would have the effect of preventing such access as may be reasonably required for vehicles of any class to any premises situated on, adjacent to, or accessible for vehicles of that class from, and only from, that road)—

(a) for the words "preventing such access as may be reasonably required for vehicles of any class" there shall be substituted the words " preventing at any time access for foot passengers, or preventing for more than eight hours in any period of twenty-four hours access for vehicles of any class ";

4 C 3

Part IX

2260

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IX

(b) for the words " vehicles of that class " there shall be

substituted the words "traffic of that class";

(c) the words from " but " onwards (which provide that a

restriction on the loading or unloading of goods shall not be treated as preventing access) shall cease to have effect.

(5) In subsection (6) of the said section 1 (which provides that subsection (5) of that section shall not have effect in so far as the authority making the order is satisfied that, for avoiding danger to persons or other traffic using the road to which the order relates or any other road or for preventing damage to the road or buildings on or near it, it should not apply)—

(a) after the words " subsection (5) above " there shall be

inserted the words " so far as it relates to vehicles ";

(b) after the words "other road" there shall be inserted the words "or for preventing the likelihood of any such danger arising ";

(c) after the words " near it " there shall be inserted the

words "or for facilitating the passage of vehicular traffic on the road

(6) In subsection (1) of section 6 of the principal Act (which relates to the purposes for which a traffic regulation order may be made as respects Greater London) after the word "Act" there shall be inserted the words " and for any other purpose which is a purpose mentioned in any of paragraphs (a) to </) of section 1(1) of this Act".

(7) In subsection (4) of the said section 6 (which provides that an order under that section may be so made as to prescribe any part of any street specified therein, or any time at which or period during which any provision contained therein is to apply, by reference to any traffic sign mentioned in the order)—

(a) for the words from " may " to " the order " there shall

be substituted the words " may make provision for identifying any part of any road to which, or any time at which or period during which, any provision contained in the order is for the time being to apply by means of a traffic sign of a type or character specified in the order (being a type prescribed or character authorised under section 54 of this Act) ";

(b) for the words " for the time being placed by the Minister or the Greater London Council " (which relates to the placing of any such traffic sign) there shall be substituted the words "for the time being lawfully in place ";

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2261

(c) for the words "deemed to have been placed by the Minister or that Council " (which relate to the proof of the placing of any such traffic sign) there shall be substituted the words "deemed to be lawfully in place ";

and for the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the said subsection (4) shall be deemed always to have had the like effect as if it had been enacted with the substitution provided for by paragraph (a) of this subsection.

(8) In section 9(3) of the principal Act—

(a) in paragraph (a) (which provides that an experimental

traffic order made by a local authority shall not continue in force for longer than three months) for the word "three " there shall be substituted the word "six ";

(b) for the words from " but " onwards (which enable the

appropriate Minister to direct that such an experimental traffic order shall continue in force for a further period ending not later than eighteen months after the order came into force) there shall be substituted the words " but, subject to sections 84A, 84B and 84C of this Act, where an experimental traffic order made by a local authority has not ceased to be in force, the authority may from time to time by order under this subsection direct that it shall continue in force for a further period not exceeding six months from the date when it would otherwise cease to be in force and ending not later than eighteen months after it first came into force".

(9) In section 12 of the principal Act (which enables a highway authority to impose a temporary prohibition or restriction on the use of a road by vehicles or by vehicles of any class in certain circumstances)—

(a) in subsections (1) and (2), after the words "vehicles of any class" there shall in each case be inserted the words " or by foot passengers ";

(b) in subsection (I) (which enables such a prohibition or restriction to be imposed by reason of any works being executed or proposed to be executed on or near the road) after the words " near the road " there shall be inserted the words " or by reason of the likelihood of danger to the public or of serious damage to the highway ";

4 C 4

Part IX

2262

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IX

(c) in subsection (3), after the words " section 1 (3) ", and in subsection (4) after the words " section l(3)(a), (b) or

(c)", there shall in each case be inserted the words " or (3a) ";

(d) at the end of subsection (3) there shall be added the words " but no such order or notice shall be made or issued with respect to any road which would have the effect of preventing at any time access for foot pas* sengers to any premises situated on or adjacent to the road, or any other premises accessible for foot passengers from, and only from, the road ";

(e) in subsection (9) (which imposes penalties on a person who uses or permits the use of a vehicle in contravention of such a prohibition or restriction) after the word "person" there shall be inserted the words "who contravenes or ";

and in Schedule 3 to the principal Act (which relates to the notification of the exercise or proposed exercise of the powers conferred by the said section 12 and otherwise in relation thereto), in paragraph 2. after the word "vehicles " there shall be inserted the words " or, as the case may be, foot passengers ".

(10) With a view to facilitating the amendments to the principal Act made by the subsequent provisions of this Part of this Act—

(a) at the end of section 26 of the principal Act there

shall be added the following subsection:—

" (10) Without prejudice to section 26A of this Act, this section shall not apply to Greater London ";

(b) after the said section 26 there shall be inserted the

section 26A set out in Part II of Schedule 14 to this Act, being a section setting out the effect of the provisions of the said section 26 as they applied in Greater London immediately before the passing of this Act with minor modifications necessary in consequence of other provisions of this Part of this Act.

(11) In section 77 of the principal Act (which relates to temporary speed limits)—

(a) in subsection (1) (which provides that a speed limit may be imposed by an order under that subsection for a period not exceeding four months), for the words " four months " there shall be substituted the words " eighteen months ";

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2263

(b) subsection (4) (which provides that where any provisions Part IX of an order under the said subsection (1) having effect as respects any road cease at any time to have effect as respects that road, no order under the said subsection (1) shall make provision which would have effect as respects that road earlier than two months after that time) shall cease to have effect.

(12) In subsection (2) of section 97 of the principal Act (which sets out the provisions of that Act which, subject to the provisions of that section, are to apply to vehicles and persons in the public service of the Crown) at the end there shall be added the words " and, except in relation to vehicles and persons in the armed forces of the Crown when on duty, section 6 "; and any order made, or having effect as if made, under section 6 of that Act and in force at the commencement of this subsection shall apply accordingly.

127.—(1) After section 35(1) of the principal Act (which Amendment of enables orders to be made designating parking places on provisions as highways for vehicles or vehicles of any class specified in the order and authorises the making by the local authority ofp charges for vehicles left in any parking place so designated) there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

" (1A) Any order under this section, whether made under subsection (1) above or under subsection (5) below, may designate any parking place for use, either at all times or at times specified in the order, only by such persons or vehicles, or such persons or vehicles of any class specified in the order, as may be authorised for the purpose by a permit from the authority operating the parking place; and that authority may, in the case of any particular parking place and any particular vehicle, or any vehicle of a particular class, instead of making a charge as mentioned in the said subsection (1) or (5), issue a permit for that vehicle to be left in that parking place while the permit remains in force either at all times or at such times as may be specified in the permit and make such charge in connection with the issue or use of that permit of such amount payable in such manner as the authority by whom the designation order was made may by order prescribe; but no charge shall be made by virtue of this subsection in respect of a public service vehicle."

(2) In section 36(2) of the principal Act (which specifies certain matters which may be included in orders making provision for or in connection with the operation of parking places

4 c*

2264

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IX designated under the said section 35) at the end there shall be added the following paragraphs: —

" (0 for regulating the grant, revocation and surrender of any permit such as is mentioned in section 35(1A) of this Act and the issue, use and surrender of tokens indicating the holding of such a permit or the payment of any charge in connection with the issue or use of the permit, for requiring a vehicle to which such a permit applies to display die permit or such a token when left in any parking place to which the permit applies, and for treating the display of or failure to display the permit or such a token on any vehicle left at a parking place as evidence, and in Scotland sufficient evidence, of such facts as may be provided by the order;

(/*) for the refund in such circumstances and in such manner as may be prescribed by the order of the amount of any charge paid in advance by virtue of the said section 35(1 A)."

(3) In section 37 of the principal Act, after subsection (5) (which relates to the inspection and testing of parking meters) there shall be added the following subsection:—

" (6) Where provision is made for the use of apparatus other than parking meters, subsection (5) above shall apply to such apparatus as it applies to a parking meter "

(4) In section 42(1) (a) of the principal Act (which imposes a penalty for leaving a vehicle in a parking place designated by an order under the said section 35 otherwise than as authorised by an order relating to the parking place) after the words "authorised by" there shall be inserted the words " or under

(5) After section 42(4) of the principal Act there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

" (4A) Where, in the case of any vehicle with respect to which there has been issued any authorisation by way of such a certificate, other means of identification or device as is referred to in section 1(30 or (3D) or section 6(5) or (6) or such a permit or token as is referred to in section 36(2)(i) of this Act, the authority by whom any parking place designated by a designation order is controlled is satisfied that, in accordance with the terms on which the authorisation was issued, a charge has become payable and has not been paid in respect of any period for which that vehicle has been left in that parking place, acceptance by that authority of payment of the amount of that charge shall be a bar to proceedings for an offence

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2265

under subsection (l)(a) above of failing duly to pay the Part IX charge."

(6) In section 44(3) of the principal Act (which sets out the purposes for which the Greater London Council or any other local authority may apply any surplus in the account of their income and expenditure in respect of parking places designated under section 35 of that Act) at the end there shall be added the following paragraph: —

" id) if it appears to the local authority that the provision in their area of further parking accommodation for vehicles otherwise than on highways is for the time being unnecessary or undesirable, the following purposes, namely—

(i) meeting costs incurred, whether by the local authority or by some other person, in the provision or operation of, or of facilities for, public passenger transport services;

(ii) purposes of a project connected with the carrying out by the appropriate highway authority (whether or not the local authority) of any operation

which within the meaning of the Highways Act 1959 1959 c. 25. constitutes the improvement of a highway in the local authority's area or, in the case of an authority in Scotland, of any work or operation on any highway in the local authority's area which is authorised by any of the enactments specified in subsection (3A) below."

(7) After the said section 44(3) there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

" (3A) The enactments referred to in subsection (3)(d)(ii) above are—

(a) sections LXXXIV, LXXXV, XCIV and C of

Schedule C to the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) 1878 c. 51.

Act 1878;

(b) section 130 of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 c. 55.

1892;

(c) section 8(5) of the Development and Road 1909 c. 47.

Improvement Funds Act 1909;

(d) section 58 of the Road Traffic Act 1930; 1930 c. 43.

(e) section 4 of the Restriction of Ribbon Develop- 1935 c. 47.

ment Act 1935;

(/) section 3(2) of the Trunk Roads Act 1946; 1946 c. 30.

(g) the Highways (Provision of Cattle Grids) Act 1950; 1950 c. 24. (h)section 45 of the Road Traffic Act 1956." 1956 c. 67.

4 C* 2

2266

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IX (8) In section 85(2) (a) (ii) of the principal Act (under which, where the driver of a vehicle is alleged to be guilty of an offence against section 42 of that Act in connection with a parking place, the owner of the vehicle must give such information as to the identity of the driver as may be required, in writing, by or on behalf of the local authority for that parking place) after the word "offence " there shall be inserted the words " under section 31(3) or ".

(9) In section 86(1) (which relates to the forgery of, and certain other offences in connection with, a ticket issued by a parking meter)—

(a) in paragraph (a), after the words "meter, or" there

shall be inserted the words " any authorisation by way of such a certificate, other means of identification or device as is referred to in section 1(30 or (3D) or section 6(5) or (6) or such a permit or token as is referred to in section 36(2)(i) of this Act, or ";

(b) in paragraph (6), after the words " such ticket " there

shall be inserted the words " or authorisation

(10) At the end of the said section 86, there shall be added the following subsections: —

" (3) A person who knowingly makes a false statement for the purpose of procuring the grant or issue to himself or any other person of any such authorisation as aforesaid shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding four months or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(4) If any person authorised in that behalf by or under a designation order has reasonable cause to believe that a document or article carried on a vehicle or by the driver or person in charge thereof is a document or article in relation to which an offence has been committed under subsection (1) above (so far as that subsection relates to such authorisations as are referred to in that subsection) or under subsection (3) above, he may detain that document or article and may for that purpose require the driver or person in charge of the vehicle to deliver up the document or article; and if the driver or person in charge of the vehicle fails to comply with that requirement he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.

(5) When a document or article has been detained under subsection (4) above and at any time after the expiration of six months from the date when that detention began no person has been charged since that date with an offence in

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2267

relation to the document or article under subsection (1) Part IX or (3) above, and the document or article has not been returned to the person to whom the authorisation in question was issued or to the person who at that date was the driver or person in charge of the vehicle, then, on an application made for the purpose to a magistrates* court (or, in Scotland, on a summary application made for the purpose to the sheriff court) by one of the following persons, namely, the person to whom the authorisation was issued, the person who at the said date was the driver or person in charge of the vehicle, or the person for the time being having possession of the document or article, the court shall make such order respecting disposal of the document or article and award such costs (or, in Scotland, expenses) as the justice of the case may require *.

(11) So much of section 97(2) of the principal Act as limits the extent to which section 42 of that Act is to apply to vehicles and persons in the public service of the Crown shall cease to have effect.

(12) Section 26 of the Greater London Council (General 1967 c. xx. Powers) Act 1967 (which makes in the enactments re-enacted

by sections 35 and 36 of the principal Act and in sections 233,

235 and 237 of the Act of 1960 amendments as respects Greater London for purposes similar to those of subsections (1), (2),

(9) and (10) of this section) shall cease to have effect.

128.—(1) In subsection (1) of section 15 of the principal Powers as to Act (which enables a local authority to make orders for deter- pjfrki£8j» etc,» mining the highways which may or may not be used by ° public service vehicles and for fixing stands for such vehicles vehicles, and places at which such vehicles may stop otherwise than to take up or set down passengers) at the end there shall be added the words " and any such order may be made—

(a) so as to apply only to such vehicles of a specified

class; or

(b) so as to have effect as respects a limited period only

or as respects only limited periods in the year,

and may make different provision for different classes of such vehicles.*

(2) So much of subsection (6) of the said section 15 as limits the period for which an order under the said subsection (1) may remain in operation, that is to say, the words " unless previously revoked shall remain in operation for three years, but may be renewed from time to time for a like period, and *, shall cease to have effect.

4C* 3

2268

Ch . 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IX

Traffic signs, bollards, etc.

(3) In subsection (l)(a) of section 33 of the principal Act (which provides that where a local authority provide a parking place which may be used by public service vehicles, they may by order appoint that parking place as a station for such vehicles) after the word "for " there shall be inserted the words " or for a specified class of ".

(4) In subsection (2 )(a) of the said section 33 (which empowers a local authority, with the consent of the Minister, to do all such things as are necessary to adapt a parking place appointed under that section as a station for public service vehicles for use as such a station) the words " with the consent of the Minister " shall cease to have effect.

(5) In subsection (3) of the said section 33 (under which the charges for the use of a parking place by public service vehicles are to be such as may be determined by the Minister) for the words " the Minister " there shall be substituted the words " the appropriate traffic commissioners ".

129.—(1) In section 13 of the principal Act (which relates to traffic regulation on special roads) after subsection (3) there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

" (3A) Where by regulations made under subsection (2) above a limit of speed is to be observed, then, if it is to be observed—

(i a)on all special roads; or

(b) on all special roads provided for the use of par-

ticular classes of traffic; or

(c) on all special roads other than special roads of

such description as may be specified in the regulations; or

(d) as mentioned in paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above

except for such lengths of special road as may be so specified,

section 75 of this Act shall not apply in relation to that limit without prejudice to its application in relation to any lower limit of maximum speed or, as the case may be, higher limit of minimum speed required by any such regulations to be observed on any specified length of any specified special road."

(2) In section 56(3) of the principal Act (which imposes upon the Greater London Council certain duties as respects traffic signs placed by the Minister or the Council in the

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2269

exercise of the powers conferred by subsection (1) of that section)—

(a) for the words from " placed " to " by subsection (1)

above" there shall be substituted the words "lawfully in place in Greater London which is required in connection with an order under section 6 or 9 of this Act";

(b) in paragraph (a), for the words " the order in connection

with which it was placed " there shall be substituted the words " any such order in connection with which it is required";

(c) in paragraph (b), for the words " upon that order ceas-

ing to have effect" there shall be substituted the words " if it ceases to be required in connection with any such order".

(3) After the said section 56 there shall be inserted the section 56A set out in Part III of Schedule 14 to this Act, being a section to confer in connection with certain orders made by traffic authorities powers with respect to traffic signs.

(4) In section 62(1) of the principal Act (which relates to the power of the appropriate Minister with respect to traffic signs in default of compliance by a highway authority or bridge authority with certain directions) and in section 63 of the principal Act (which confers upon a highway authority or bridge authority certain powers to enter upon land for the purpose of their powers in connection with traffic signs) for the words "or bridge authority " there shall be substituted the words " bridge authority or authority to whom section 56A of this Act applies ".

(5) In section 68 of the principal Act (which empowers the appropriate Minister to make advances to certain authorities in respect of expenditure incurred in connection with traffic signs) at the end there shall be added the following subsection : —

" (4) The power of the appropriate Minister under this section to make advances towards expenses incurred in relation to traffic signs shall be exercisable with respect to any expenses incurred under section 56A of this Act by an authority to whom that section applies or by a highway authority."

(6) In section 69(1) of the principal Act (which makes provision for the placing of bollards or other obstructions where the passage of vehicles is prohibited at any point of a road by an order made under section 1 of that Act)—

(a) after the word "road" there shall be inserted the words " outside Greater London "; and

4 C* 4

Part IX

2270

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IX

(b) after the words " section 1 " there shall be inserted the words " or 9

(7) After the said section 69(1) there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

" (1A) The bollards or other obstructions which may be placed under subsection (1) above—

(a) shall include obstructions of any description what-

soever;

(b) may be either fixed or movable; and

(c) may be placed so as to prevent the passage of

vehicles either at all times or at certain times only;

and where the powers conferred by that subsection have been exercised with respect to two or more points of a road so that the passage of vehicles along a stretch of that road is prevented, those powers shall extend to placing, or authorising the placing, of further obstructions on that stretch of road; but any obstructions placed under those powers shall not be so placed as to prevent at any time the passage of foot passengers past the point or along the stretch of road in question and shall not be of such a nature that die reopening of the road in question to vehicles would be unreasonably difficult or as to alter the nature of the surface of the road.*'

(8) After section 70(1) of the principal Act (which makes provision for the placing of bollards or other obstructions where the passage of vehicles at any point of a road in Greater London is prohibited by an order made under section 6 or 9 of that Act) there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

" (1A) Subsection (1 A) of section 69 of this Act shall apply in relation to the placing of bollards or other obstructions under subsection (1) above as if for any reference in the said subsection (1A) to subsection (1) of that section there were substituted a reference to subsection (1) above."

(9) In section 82 of the principal Act (which relates to the exercise with respect to boundary roads of powers conferred by certain provisions)—

(a) in subsection (1) (which relates to roads where any

part of the width of the road is in Greater London), after the sectional reference " 9 " there shall be inserted the sectional reference "56";

(b) in subsection (3) (which relates to roads outside Greater

London in the case of which different parts of the

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2271

width of the road are in the area of different local Part DC authorities), after the sectional reference " 46(1) " there shall be inserted die sectional reference " 56A

130.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect with Increase of a view to conferring greater freedom and responsibility with r?}22jibiIity respect to the regulation of road traffic on local authorities sub- authorities io ject to reserve powers for the appropriate Minister to ensure the connection discharge of that responsibility. with road

traffic.

(2) Sections 35 to 40 of the principal Act (which relate to parking places on highways where charges are made) shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in Part IV of Schedule 14 to this Act, being amendments which, together with the relevant consequential amendments and repeals provided for by subsection (6)(a) and (b) of this section, are designed, subject to the provision made by subsection (5) of this section—

(a) to make permanent the transfer of functions under

those sections outside Greater London from the appropriate Minister to the local authority which was effected by the orders made, or having effect as if made, under sections 35(8) and 39(3) of the principal Act in force immediately before the passing of this Act;

(b) to restate the respective functions of the Minister and

the Greater London Council under the said sections 35 to 40 in terms of a corresponding transfer of functions instead of in terms of functions exercisable concurrently by the Minister and that Council but, in the case of the Minister, only in certain special circumstances.

(3) In section 84(1) of the principal Act and in section 9(2)

of the London Government Act 1963 (which provide that it 1963 c. 33. shall be the duty of the Greater London Council so to exercise the functions conferred on them by the principal Act or, as the case may be, by sections 14 to 19 of the said Act of 1963 as, so far as practicable having due regard to—

(a) the desirability of securing and maintaining reasonable

access to premises,

(b) the effect on the amenities of any locality affected, and

(c) any other matters appearing to the Council to be

relevant,

to secure the expeditious, convenient and safe movement of vehicular and other traffic (including foot passengers) and the provision of suitable and adequate parking facilities on and

2272

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IX off the highway), after the word "affected" in paragraph there shall in each case be inserted the following: —

" (bb) the importance of facilitating the passage of public service vehicles and of securing the safety and convenience of persons using or desiring to use such vehicles

(4) With a view to imposing upon any other local authority upon whom functions are conferred by or under the principal Act the like duty with respect to the exercise of those functions as is imposed upon the Greater London Council by the said section 84(1), in die said section 84(1)—

(a) after the words " Greater London Council " there

shall be inserted the words "and every other local authority upon whom functions are conferred by or under this Act ";

(b) in paragraph (c), after the word "Council " there

shall be inserted the words " or, as the case may be, the authority

(5) After the said section 84, there shall be inserted the sections 84A, 84B, 84C, 84D and 84E set out in Part V of Schedule 14 to this Act, which—

(a) by the said section 84A, empower the appropriate

Minister to give directions or make orders for the purpose of securing compliance with the duty imposed upon the Greater London Council and other local authorities by subsection (1) of the said section 84 as amended by subsections (3) and (4) of this section;

(b) by the said section 84B, require the consent of the

appropriate Minister to the inclusion of certain provisions in orders proposed to be made by the said Council or other authorities;

(c) by the said section 84C, make provision as to pro-

cedure in connection with the making of certain orders by the said Council or other authorities and the obtaining of any consent of a Minister required to those orders;

(d) by the said section 84D, make provision as to the

variation or revocation, and as to the making by Ministers, of certain orders;

(e) by the said section 84E, extend to further orders the

provisions of section 41 of the principal Act with respect to the right to challenge certain orders in legal proceedings.

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2273

(6) In consequence of the foregoing provisions of this sec- Part IX tion or of other provisions of this Part of this Act or of the provisions of section 25 of the Civic Amenities Act 1967— 1967 c. 69.

(a) the principal Act shall have effect subject to the further

amendments specified in Part VI of Schedule 14 to this Act;

(b) the provisions of the principal Act specified in Part II

of Schedule 18 to this Act shall cease to have effect, being provisions which are superseded by the provision made by subsection (5) of this section and which relate to—

(i) the exercise of certain functions by the appropriate Minister concurrently with their exercise by local authorities;

(ii) the requirement of the appropriate Minister's confirmation of, or consent to, certain orders;

(iii) the procedure to be followed in connection with certain orders; or

(iv) the variation or revocation, or the making by Ministers, of certain orders,

or which are otherwise rendered unnecessary by the provisions of this Part of this Act;

(c) in section 153(4) of the Act of 1960, for the words

from " advising the Minister " onwards there shall be substituted the words " advising a local authority on the making of an order under section 15 or 33 of the Road 1967 c. 76. Traffic Regulation Act 1967 or determining the charges referred to in subsection (3) of the said section 33 ";

(d) in paragraph 18 of Schedule 1 to the Road Traffic 1962 c. 59.

Act 1962 as amended by Schedule 6 to the principal Act, after the words " 26(6) " there shall be inserted the words " or 26A(5) ";

(e) in section 14(2) of the London Government Act 1963 1963 c. 33.

as amended by the said Schedule 6. at the end there shall be added the words "or by virtue of section 84A(2) or (4) of that Act".

131.—(1) In subsection (1) of section 80 of the principal Enforcement— Act (which provides for the provisions of that section with P^a,ties respect to punishment without prosecution to apply, subject ^dens C to the proviso to that subsection, to the offences specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) thereof)—

(a) in paragraph (a) (which specifies the offence committed in respect of a vehicle by its being left or parked on

2274

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part IX

1960 c. 16. 1962 c. 59. 1962 c. 13.

1949 c. 101.

a road during the hours of darkness without the lights or reflectors required by law), the words "left or parked " shall cease to have effect;

(b) at the end of paragraph (c) there shall be inserted the words " or

(d) by its being used in contravention of any provision of an order made or having effect as if made under section 1, 6 or 9, or of regulations made or having effect as if made under section 11, of this Act, being a provision—

(i) as to the route to be followed by vehicles of

the class to which that vehicle belongs; or

(ii) as to roads which are not to be used for traffic by such vehicles; or

(iii) as to the places where such vehicles may not turn so as to face in the opposite direction to that in which they were proceeding or as to the conditions under which such vehicles may so turn; or

(e) by any such use of the vehicle in contravention of section 64(2) of the Road Traffic Act 1960 (which relates to the contravention of construction and use regulations) as the Secretary of State may by order specify, not being a use which constitutes an offence specified in Part II of Schedule 1 to the Road Traffic Act 1962 (which relates to offences involving disqualification); or

(f) by its being used or kept on a public road within the meaning of the Vehicles (Excise) Act 1962 without a licence under that Act being exhibited on the vehicle in the manner prescribed under that Act ".

(2) In subsection (5) of the said section 80 (which provides for payment of a fixed penalty under that section to be made to such justices’ clerk within the meaning of section 27 of the Justices of the Peace Act 1949 as may be prescribed) at the end there shall be added the words "and where, in England or Wales, by virtue of regulations made for the purposes of this subsection, a justices* clerk for a petty sessions area comprised in the area of one responsible authority within the meaning of the said section 27 discharges functions in connection with a fixed penalty for an offence alleged to have been committed in a petty sessions area comprised in the area of another such authority—

(a) that other authority shall make to the first-mentioned authority such payment in connection with the discharge of those functions as may be agreed between

Transport Act 1968 Ch. 73

2275

them or, in default of such agreement, as may be Part DC determined by the Secretary of State; and .

(b) any such payment between responsible authorities shall be taken into account in determining for the purposes of subsection (2) of the said section 27 the net cost to those authorities respectively of the functions referred to in that subsection ".

(3) In subsection (6) of the said section 80 (which provides that a notice under subsection (2) of that section shall specify the offence alleged, and give such particulars of the offence as are necessary for giving reasonable information of the allegation) for the words from " specify " to " allegation " there shall be substituted the words " give such particulars of the circumstances alleged to constitute the offence as are necessary for giving reasonable information thereof

(4) In subsection (1) of section 81 of the principal Act (by virtue of which traffic wardens may be appointed to discharge in aid of the police such functions normally undertaken by the police in connection with the control and regulation of road traffic or with the enforcement of the law relating to road traffic as may be prescribed by an order under subsection (3) of that section) for the words from " in connection " to " relating to road traffic" there shall be substituted the words "in connection with the control and regulation of, or the enforcement of the law relating to, traffic (including foot passengers) or vehicles

(5) In subsection (2) of the said section 81, for the words " road traffic or road vehicles" there shall be substituted the words "traffic (including foot passengers) or vehicles".

(6) After subsection (4) of the said section 81 there shall be inserted the following subsections: —

" (4A) An order under subsection (3) above may provide that, for the purposes of any functions which traffic wardens are authorised to discharge by the order and subject to the provisions of subsection (4B) below, references to a constable or police constable in all or any of the following enactments shall include references to a traffic warden, that is to say—

(a) section 52 of the Metropolitan Police Act 1839, 1839 c. 47. so far as it relates to the giving by the commissioner of directions to constables for preventing obstruction;

(b) section 22 of the local Act of the second and third year of the reign of Queen Victoria, chapter

﻿2276 Ch. 73 Transport Act 1968

Part IX

1960 c. 16.

Application of principal Act to Isles of Stilly.

94, so far as it makes similar provision with respect to the City of London;

(c) in the Road Traffic Act 1960—

(i) sections 14 and 15 (which relate to compliance with traffic directions given by police constables);

(ii) section 223 (which relates to the power of a constable to stop vehicles);

(iii) section 225(1) and (4) (which relate to the power of a constable to require the production of a driving licence in certain circumstances);

(iv) sections 226 and 229 (which relate to the powers of constables to obtain names and addresses of drivers and others and to require production of evidence of insurance or security and test certificates);

(v) section 242 (which relates to the giving of certain evidence by certificate);

(d) section 89 of this Act.

(4B) Any power of a constable for the purposes of the following provisions of the Road Traffic Act I960, namely, sections 223, 225(1) and (4) and 226, shall be exercisable by a traffic warden under an order made by virtue of subsection (4A) above only where—

(a) the traffic warden is assisting a constable; or

(b) the traffic warden has reasonable cause to believe

that an offence has been committed of a description specified in relation to the section in question for the purposes of this paragraph by the order and, in the case of a power for the purposes of the said section 226, the order authorises the use of that power in relation to that offence; or

(c) in the case of a power for the purposes of the said section 223, the traffic warden is exercising functions in connection with the control and regulation of traffic (including foot passengers) or vehicles."

132. After section 108 of the principal Act there shall be inserted the following section: —

"Appli- 108A.—(1) The Minister may, after consultation

cation to with the Council of the Isles of Scilly, by order provide that any provision of this Act specified in the order shall apply to the Isles, subject to such

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2277

modifications as may be so specified, as if the Isles were a separate county or a county district.

(2) The power to make orders conferred by this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and shall include power to make an order varying or revoking any previous order under this section."

133.—(1) A copy of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 as amended by this Part of this Act, by the Police (Scotland) Act 1967 and by the Hovercraft Act 1968 shall be prepared and certified by the Qerk of the Parliaments and deposited with the rolls of Parliament; and, except for the purposes of any volume containing the Public General Acts and Measures of 1967, any copy of the first-mentioned Act to be printed by Her Majesty’s printer after the last of the appointed days for the purposes of the provisions of this Part of this Act shall be printed in accordance with the copy so certified and be marked with a statement to the effect that in pursuance of this section it is printed as amended as aforesaid.

(2) If any copy of the principal Act as amended as aforesaid prepared in accordance with the copy certified as aforesaid is printed and published by Her Majesty’s printer after the passing of this Act but before the last of the appointed days aforesaid, it shall be marked both with such a statement as aforesaid and with a statement to the effect that it represents the principal Act as it will have effect after the last of those days.

Part X Miscellaneous and General

134.—(1) This section applies to the following authorities, namely, the Boards, the new authorities, and the Executive for any designated area within the meaning of section 9(1) of this Act.

(2) Every authority to whom this section applies who engage, either directly or through a subsidiary, in any activities authorised by any of the provisions specified in subsection (3) of this section shall in carrying on those activities act as if they were a company engaged in a commercial enterprise or, as the case may be, shall exercise their control over that subsidiary so as to ensure that the subsidiary in carrying on those activities acts as a company so engaged.

Part IX

Principal Act to be printed as amended by this Act.

1967 c. 76.

1967 c. 77.

1968 c. 59.

Duty to act in certain cases as body engaged in commercial enterprise.

2278

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part X (3) The provisions referred to in subsection (2) of this section are—

(a) the following provisions of the Act of 1962, namely,

subsections (2) to (4) of section 11 (which relate to certain development or acquisition of land);

(b) the following provisions of this Act, namely, sections

2(l)(g)(ii) and (m). 10(l)(viii). (xi). (xx)(b) and (xxii), 25(e) and </), 26<l)(e)(ii), (/) and (A). 48(2), 49(1) to (4), 50(1) (so far as it relates to the provision of facilities at additional premises), and 50(2) to (5).

Compensation for loss of employment etc.

135.—(1) The Minister shall by regulations require the payment by such person as may be determined by or under the regulations, in such cases and to such extent as may be so determined, of compensation to or in respect of any person who is on the date of the happening of any of the following events, namely—

(a) a transfer of any property, rights or liabilities under section 4, 5, 7, 8, 28, 29, 53 or 144 of this Act; or

(b) any change in the manner in which the carrying on of the activities of the Railways Board or the Freight Corporation is organised made—

(i) in pursuance of a direction under section 6(1) or 45(5) of this Act; or

(ii) with the consent of the Minister in order to give effect to conclusions reported under the said section 45; or

(c) the making of any adaptations such as are mentioned in

paragraph 5(4) of Schedule 16 to this Act; or

(d) the revocation under paragraph 10(1) of Schedule 6 to

this Act of a consent granted under that Schedule,

or who has before that date been, in any employment so determined and who suffers any loss of employment, or loss or diminution of emoluments or pension rights, or worsening of his position, which is properly attributable to the happening of that event.

(2) Any such regulations may apply in relation to any such person whether or not he continues in the employment determined as aforesaid until the date of the happening of the relevant event aforesaid, and whether or not he is a party to an agreement for the rendering of personal services which is affected by the happening of that event.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2279

(3) Different regulations may be made under this section in relation to different classes of persons, and any such regulations may be so framed as to have effect from a date prior to the making thereof, so, however, that so much of any such regulations as provides that any provision thereof is to have effect as from a date earlier than the making thereof shall not place any person other than the person required to pay the compensation in a worse position than he would have been in if the regulations had been made to have effect only as from the making thereof.

(4) Regulations under this section—

(a) may prescribe the procedure to be followed in making

claims for compensation, and the manner in which and the person by whom the question whether any or what compensation is payable is to be determined; and

(b) may in particular contain provisions enabling appeals

from any determination as to whether any or what compensation is payable to be brought, in such cases and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by the regulations, before a tribunal established under section 12 of the Industrial Training Act 1964.

(5) No regulations shall be made under this section unless a draft thereof has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(6) Where any of the following authorities, namely the Boards, the new authorities and the Holding Company, are required by any such regulations to pay compensation thereunder, any other of those authorities may arrange to make to the compensating authority payments by way of contributions towards their liability under the regulations; and if the compensating authority satisfy the Minister that any of the other authorities have not made a proper contribution towards that liability, whether by payment of money or by finding employment for persons to or in respect of whom the compensation has become payable, the Minister may require that other authority to make such payment to the compensating authority as appears to the Minister to be just.

(7) In relation to regulations under this section in connection with a transfer such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) thereof to or from the Scottish Group or a subsidiary of theirs, references in the said subsection (1) to the Minister shall be construed as references to the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly; and for the purposes of any payment by the Scottish Group under subsection (6) of this section, references to the Minister in the said subsection (6) shall be construed as references to the Secretary of State.

Part X

1964 c. 16.

2280

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part X 136.—(1) Subject to subsection (3) of this section, sections 73

Pensions. and 74 of the Act of 1962 (which relate respectively to the powers of the Boards and the Holding Company as regards pensions and pension schemes and to the Minister’s power to make orders about pensions) shall have effect—

(a) as if the expression " Board " in each of those sections

included each of the new authorities; and

(b) as if the reference in subsection (2) (a) of the said

section 74 to a pension scheme in which employees of the Commission or a subsidiary of the Commission participated before the vesting date included a reference to a pension scheme in which employees of, or of a subsidiary of, the Railways Board or the Holding Company participated before any relevant transfer date such as is mentioned in subsection (4) of this section.

(2) If in the case of any transfer such as is mentioned in subsection (4) of this section an order under the said section 74 as applied by this section is made before the transfer date which provides for the transfer on that date from the transferor to some other person of property, rights and liabilities of the transferor relating to any pensions or pension schemes—

(a) that order may apply to the transfer under the order

such of the provisions of Schedule 4 to this Act subject to such modifications as the Minister may consider appropriate; and

(b) save as may be provided by that order, the provisions

of this Act with respect to the transfer mentioned in the said subsection (4) shall not apply in relation to the property, rights and liabilities to which the order relates.

(3) In relation to the Scottish Group, references to the Minister—

(a) in the said section 73 and, for the purposes of orders

relating only to that Group, in the said section 74 and in subsection (2) of this section shall be construed as references to the Secretary of State;

(b) in the said section 74 and subsection (2), for the pur-

poses of orders relating both to that Group and to other authorities, shall be construed as references to the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly.

(4) Any person who—

(a) on the transfer date for the purposes of a transfer under any of the following provisions of this Act, namely, sections 4(1), 4(4), 5(3) (a) or (b), 7(5) or (6), 8(4),

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2281

28(1), (2) or (5) and 29(2), ceases to be employed by Part X one, and becomes employed by another, of the following bodies, namely, the Railways Board, the Holding Company, the new authorities and any body which is a subsidiary of that Board or Company or of any of the new authorities;

(b) on the transfer date for the purposes of any transfer

under subsection (2) of section 53 of this Act ceases to be employed by the Holding Company and becomes employed by any publicly-owned body within the meaning of subsection (Dto) of that section or under the Crown; or

(c) on any such transfer date as aforesaid is employed by

a body which immediately before that date was a subsidiary of one, but on that date becomes a subsidiary of another, of the following bodies, namely, the Railways Board, the Holding Company and the new authorities,

shall not in consequence cease to be eligible to participate in any pension scheme in which he was a participant immediately before that transfer date.

(5) In the application of subsection (4) of this section to a pension scheme the benefits under which are or will be receivable as of right, persons who have obtained pension rights under the scheme without having contributed under the scheme shall be regarded as participants in the scheme; and the reference in that subsection to being eligible to participate in a pension scheme shall be construed accordingly.

(6) Subsections (4) and (5) of this section shall have effect subject to any order under section 74 of the Act of 1962 made by virtue of subsection (1) of this section, being an order taking effect on or at any time after the relevant transfer date referred to in the said subsection (4).

137.—(1) This section applies to the following authorities, Machinery for namely— negotiation

and consulta-

(a) the Railways Board, the Waterways Board and the tion with staff.

Holding Company;

(b) the new authorities;

(c) the Executive for any designated area within the mean-

ing of section 9(1) of this Act.

(2) In the case of each authority to whom this section applies, except so far as the authority are satisfied that adequate machinery exists for achieving the purposes of this section, being

le

2282

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part X machinery for operation at national level or local level or a level falling between those levels and appearing to the authority to be appropriate, it shall be the duty of the authority, either directly, or indirectly by exercising control over subsidiaries, to seek consultation with any organisation appearing to them to be appropriate with a view to the conclusion between the authority and that organisation or, if the authority so decide, between subsidiaries of theirs and that organisation, of such agreements as appear to the parties to be desirable with respect to the establishment and maintenance, for operation at any such level as aforesaid, of machinery for—

(a) the settlement by negotiation of terms and conditions of employment of persons employed by the authority and by their subsidiaries with provision for reference to arbitration in default of such settlement in such cases as may be determined by or under the agreements;

(b) the promotion and encouragement of measures affecting

efficiency, in any respect, in the carrying on by the authority and by their subsidiaries of their activities, including in particular the promotion and encouragement of the training of persons employed as aforesaid; and

(c) the promotion and encouragement of measures affecting

the safety, health and welfare of persons employed as aforesaid.

(3) Every authority to whom this section applies shall send—

(a) except in the case of such an Executive as aforesaid, to

the Minister and to the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity;

(b) in the case of such an Executive, to the Authority

established under the said section 9(1) for the designated area in question,

copies of any such agreement as aforesaid and of any instrument varying the terms of any such agreement.

(4) Every authority to whom this section applies shall from time to time, at such times and within such period as—

(a) except in the case of such an Executive as aforesaid,

the Minister; or

(b) in the case of such an Executive, the Authority

established as aforesaid,

may direct, report to the Minister and to the Secretary of State aforesaid or, as the case may be, to the Authority so established as to the progress or lack of progress made in arriving at such agreements as aforesaid.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2283

(5) Where it falls to any authority to whom this section applies Part X or any subsidiary of theirs to participate in the operation of machinery established under this section, and the operation involves discussion of a subject by other persons participating therein, the authority or subsidiary shall make available to those persons, at a reasonable time before the discussion is to take

place, such information in their possession relating to the subject as, after consultation with those persons, appears to the authority, or as the case may be, to the subsidiary to be necessary to enable those persons to participate effectively in the discussion.

(6) Nothing in this section shall be construed as prohibiting any of the authorities to whom this section applies or any subsidiary of theirs from taking part together with other employers or organisations of employers in the establishment and maintenance of machinery for the settlement of terms and conditions of employment and the promotion and encouragement of measures affecting the health, safety and welfare of persons employed by them and the discussion of other matters of mutual interest to the authority or subsidiary and persons employed by them.

(7) In the application of this section to the Scottish Group, references therein to the Minister shall be construed as references to the Secretary of State.

(8) Section 72 of the Act of 1962 shall cease to apply to the Railways Board, the Waterways Board and the Holding Company.

138.—(1) Any local authority, or any two or more local Travel authorities acting jointly, may enter into arrangements with concessions, the Executive for a designated area within the meaning of section 9(1) of this Act whereby—

(a) subject, in the case of any travel concessions on a service for which a road service licence is required, to any conditions imposed under section 135(4) to (6) of the Act of 1960 by the traffic commissioners by whom the licence was granted or backed, the Executive grant, or arrange with some other person for that other person to grant, such travel concessions as may be provided for by the arrangements to any persons such as are mentioned in subsection (5) of this section, being concessions on journeys—

(i) between places in that designated area; or

(ii) between such places and places outside but in the vicinity of that area; and

2284

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part X

1955 c. 26.

(b) that local authority (or, as the case may be, those local authorities in such proportions respectively as they may agree among themselves) reimburse the cost incurred in granting those concessions;

and the approval under section 15(2) of this Act of the Authority for that designated area shall not be required for any travel concessions granted under this subsection.

(2) Any local authority may contribute to any cost incurred by a local authority within the meaning of the Public Service Vehicles (Travel Concessions) Act 1955 in granting travel concessions under that Act; and accordingly subsections (4) and

(6) of section 1 of that Act shall cease to have effect.

(3) Any local authority may make with any person who, not being such an Executive as aforesaid or a local authority within the meaning of the said Act of 1955 or the London Board, operates a public service vehicle undertaking arrangements whereby—

(a) subject as mentioned in subsection (l)(u) of this section,

that person grants such travel concessions as may be provided for by the arrangements to any persons such as are mentioned in subsection (5) of this section, being concessions on journeys—

(i) between places in the area of the local authority; or

(ii) between such places and places outside but in the vicinity of that area; or

(iii) between places outside but in the vicinity of that area; and

(b) the local authority reimburse the cost incurred in granting those concessions.

(4) Any arrangements entered into by a local authority under subsection (1) or (3) of this section may include provision for the performance of functions in connection with the travel concessions in question by the local authority or local authorities concerned; and any local authority making contributions under subsection (2) of this section may enter into arrangements with the authority to whom those contributions are paid for the performance by the local authority of functions in connection with the travel concessions in respect of which the contributions are paid.

(5) The persons referred to in subsections (l)(a) and (3)(a) of this section are persons mentioned in any of the following paragraphs or any description of such persons, namely—

(a) men over the age of sixty-five years and women over the age of sixty years;

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2285

(b) blind persons, that is to say, persons so blind as to be

unable to perform any work for which sight is essential;

(c) persons suffering from any disability or injury which, in

the opinion of the local authority or any of the local authorities by whom the cost incurred in granting the concession falls to be reimbursed, seriously impairs their ability to walk.

(6) Expenditure by any local authority by virtue of subsections (1) to (4) of this section shall not be relevant expenditure of that authority for the purposes of section 1 of the Local Government Act 1966 or, as the case may be, reckonable expenditure of that authority for the purposes of section 2 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1966.

(7) The Minister may by order, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, prescribe the method of calculating for the purposes of any provision of the said Act of 1955 or this Act the cost incurred in providing any travel concessions, and different methods may be prescribed for different concessions and different circumstances; and any dispute arising under any such provision with respect to the cost incurred as aforesaid in any particular case shall be referred for determination—

(a) in the case of a concession granted on a road passenger

transport service, to the chairman of the appropriate traffic commissioners; and

(b) in any other case, to the Minister,

and the decision of the chairman or Minister shall be final.

(8) The Minister may by regulations, which shall be subject to annulment as aforesaid, make provision—

(a) with respect to the procedure to be followed in connec-

tion with any reference to a chairman of traffic commissioners under subsection (7) of this section;

(b) authorising the charging of fees in connection with any

such reference and as to the person by whom any such fee is to be paid;

and any amount received by a chairman of traffic commissioners by way of fees under the regulations shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund in such manner as the Treasury may direct.

(9) In this section—

(a) the expression " appropriate traffic commissioners " means traffic commissioners for the area which includes the whole, or the major part, of the route or routes of the road passenger transport services on which the travel concession in question is granted, and references

Part X

1966 c. 42. 1966 c. 51.

2286

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part X

Land required as service area for special road: compensation in certain cases of compulsory acquisition

1959 c. 25.

1949 c. 32.

1962 c. 38. 1947 c. 53.

1959 c. 70.

to the chairman of any traffic commissioners include references to any person for the time being appointed to act as his deputy;

(b) the expression " local authority " means the council of

a county, county borough or county district in England or Wales or a county, town or district council in Scotland;

(c) the expression " public service vehicle undertaking "

includes a tramcar or trolley vehicle undertaking, and "tramcar" and "trolley vehicle" have the same meanings respectively as in the Act of 1960;

(d) the expression "travel concession" means the reduction or waiver of a fare or charge either absolutely or subject to terms, limitations, or conditions.

139.—(1) Where land is compulsorily acquired—

(a) by virtue of section 215(2)(c) of the Highways Act 1959 or section 10(l)(c) of the Special Roads Act 1949 (which relate to land required for the provision of service stations or other buildings or facilities for use in connection with a special road) in a case where the acquisition is authorised by a compulsory purchase order which does not also authorise the acquisition of land required for the provision of the adjacent length of special road; or

(b) in pursuance of a notice under section 129, 135 or 136 of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 or section 17 of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947 (which relate to the protection of owners of land affected by certain planning decisions) in a case where the person by whom the compensation in respect of the acquisition falls to be assessed is satisfied that there are proposals for using the whole or part of the relevant land for such purposes in connection with a special road as are mentioned in the said section 215(2)(c) or 10(l)(c) and that the amount of the compensation would apart from this section be affected by the provision or proposed provision of the special road; or

(c) in pursuance of a notice under section 139 of the said Act of 1962 or section 38 of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1959 (which relate to the protection of owner-occupiers of land affected by planning proposals) in a case where the appropriate enactment for the purposes of section 142 of the said

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2287

Act of 1962 or, as the case may be, section 41 of Part X

the said Act of 1959 is or includes the said section 215(2)(c) or lO(lHc),

then, for the purpose of assessing compensation in respect of the compulsory acquisition, the value of the relevant interest shall be ascertained—

(i) so far as it is attributable to any relevant planning per-

mission, on the assumption that traffic carried by the special road will not have direct or indirect access to the relevant land; and

(ii) so far as it is not attributable to any such planning permission, on the assumption that traffic carried by the special road will not have direct access to the relevant land.

(2) In this section—

"direct access" means access otherwise than by means of a highway which is not a special road and " indirect access " means access by means of such a highway as aforesaid;

" relevant planning permission " means any planning permission for service area development which is in force on the date of service of the notice to treat, or as to the grant of which any assumption is required to be made by virtue of section 15 or 16 of the Land 1961 c. 33. Compensation Act 1961 or section 23 or 24 of the Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963, or the possi- 1963 c. 51. bility of the grant of which is taken into account in assessing the compensation;

"service area development" means development of the relevant land, or of any part thereof, for the purpose of providing such service stations or other buildings or facilities as are mentioned in the said section 215(2)(c) or the said section 10(l)(c) or of providing any other buildings or facilities designed to cater to a significant extent for traffic carried or to be carried by the special road;

and any expression which is also used in the said Act of 1961 or 1963 has the same meaning, as respects England and Wales, as in the said Act of 1961 and, as respects Scotland, as in the said Act of 1963.

(3) This section shall not affect any compulsory acquisition in pursuance of a notice to treat served or deemed to have been served before the day on which this section comes into force.

4D

2288

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part X

Acquisition of land to be exchanged for common land, etc.

1959 c. 25.

Application Town and Country Planning Acts.

140.—(1) In section 214 of the Highways Act 1959 (which relates to the acquisition of land for the construction or improvement of highways in England and Wales), so much of subsection (3) of that section as prohibits the compulsory acquisition of land lying more than two hundred and twenty yards from the middle of the relevant highway shall not apply to land acquired in exercise of the power conferred by subsection (4) of that section (which relates to the acquisition of land for the purpose of being given in exchange for land forming part of a common, open space, or fuel or field garden allotment which has been, or is proposed to be, acquired under subsection (1) or (2) of that section).

(2) Where in exercise of the power conferred by subsection (1) or subsection (2) of section 215 of the said Act of 1959 (which relates to the acquisition of land by certain Ministers or, as the case may be, a special road authority for certain purposes connected with trunk roads or special roads in England and Wales), any land forming part as aforesaid has been, or is proposed to be, acquired for any of the purposes mentioned in that subsection and other land is required for the purpose of being given in exchange for the first-mentioned land, that subsection shall apply to the acquisition of that other land as if it were land required by the Minister in question or, as the case may be, the special road authority for the construction or improvement of a highway; and subsection (3) of the said section 215 (which imposes the like prohibition as is referred to in subsection (1) of this section) shall not apply to an acquisition by virtue of this subsection.

141.—(1) Section 86 of the Act of 1962 (application of Town and Country Planning Acts) shall have effect as if the expression " Board " therein included each of the new authorities and the Executive for any designated area within the meaning of section 9(1) of this Act.

(2) Where in the case of any company—

(a) the company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of one of the following bodies, namely, a board, a new authority, or such an Executive as aforesaid; or

(b) two or more such bodies as aforesaid are members of the company and, if those bodies were a single body corporate, the company would be a wholly-owned subsidiary of that body corporate,

the said section 86 shall have effect as if the expression " Board " therein included that company and, so far as the activities of the company consist of the carrying on of any such undertaking

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2289

as is mentioned in the definition of "statutory undertakers " in Part X section 221(1) of the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 or 1962 c. 38. in section 113(1) of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) 1947 c. 53. Act 1947, the company shall be deemed for the purposes of the said section 86 and any other enactment relating to statutory undertakers or statutory undertakings to be such undertakers carrying on such an undertaking.

(3) Subsection (1) of the said section 86 shall apply—

(a) to anything done by a Board or new authority in the exercise of the powers conferred by section 49(3) or

(4) of this Act; and

(b) to anything done by such an Executive as aforesaid in the exercise of the powers conferred by paragraph (xxii) of section 10(1) of this Act; and

(c) to anything done by such a company as aforesaid which,

if that company were a Board or such an Executive as aforesaid, would be an exercise of—

(i) the powers referred to in paragraph (a) or (b) of the said subsection (1); or

(ii) the powers conferred by the said section 49(3) or (4); or

(iii) the powers conferred by the said paragraph (xxii),

as it applies to anything done by a Board in the exercise of the powers referred to in paragraph (a) or (b) of the said subsection (1).

142.—(1) The Minister may acquire by agreement any land Powers of which in his opinion is likely to be required for the provision in Minister in England of a terminal for, or of other works for the purposes of, .

a railway linking England with France and passing under thej^ nne English Channel.

(2) Where compensation is payable by a local authority under the Town and Country Planning Act 1962 in consequence of any decision or order given or made under Part III of that Act, or under the provisions of Part VIII of that Act relating to purchase notices, then if that decision or order was given or made wholly or partly in consequence of the land to which it relates being likely to be required as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section the Minister may pay to that authority a contribution of such amount as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine.

4 D 2

2290

Part X

Channel

Tunnel

Planning

Council.

Ch. 73 Transport Act 1968

143.—(1) If the Minister sees fit by order so to direct, there shall be established in accordance with Part I of Schedule 13 to this Act a body to be known as " the Channel Tunnel Planning Council

(2) With a view to facilitating the work of any body or bodies which may be established in agreement with the Government of the French Republic for the operation of a railway linking England with France and passing under the English Channel, the Council shall be charged with the duty of carrying out the following tasks in connection with the construction and operation of such a railway, namely—

(a) formulating the operational requirements;

(b) planning the necessary administrative and financial arrangements;

(c) making, or arranging for the making of, preliminary

works trials and studies; and

(d) taking any other steps which the Minister is satisfied

are necessary or expedient for the purpose of preparing for the construction and operation of such a railway;

and the Council shall in discharging that duty act in accordance with such directions, whether general or particular, as may from time to time be given to them by the Minister and, when it appears to the Council to be appropriate, in consultation with any body established in France for the like purposes, and shall have power to do all such things as may be necessary for the discharge of that duty.

(3) The provisions of Part 11 of the said Schedule IS shall have effect with respect to the borrowing powers and accounts of the Council.

(4) If the Council are established but at any time thereafter it appears to the Minister that the Council are no longer required, he may by order, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, make provision for the dissolution of the Council; and any such order may include provision—

(a) for the disposal by the Minister of any assets of the

Council in such manner as the Minister may with the approval of the Treasury determine;

(b) for the extinguishment of any debt due to the Minister

from the Council; and

(c) for the discharge by the Minister out of moneys provided

by Parliament of any other liabilities of the Council; and on the coming into force of such an order subsections (1) to (3) of this section and the said Schedule 15 shall cease to have effect.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2291

144.—(1) Subject to subsections (2) to (4) of this section, the Railways Board may, with the consent of the Minister—

(a) transfer without consideration to the Secretary of State

for Education and Science any of the historical records and relics which were vested in the Board by section 31(2)(/) of the Act of 1962 and are for the time being in the possession of the Board, and any premises of the Board in which any significant collection of those records or relics is housed;

(b) transfer, without consideration or by way of sale, to any

other person, or otherwise dispose of, any of those records or relics.

(2) No record vested in the Railways Board by the said section 31(2)(/) which is housed by the Board in premises in Scotland shall under subsection (1) of this section be transferred to any person other than the Secretary of State for Scotland or otherwise disposed of unless that record—

(a) has been previously offered by the Board to that Secretary of State; and

(b) has not been claimed by that Secretary of State within six months of the date on which the offer was made;

and if the record is claimed as aforesaid the Board shall transfer it without consideration to that Secretary of State.

(3) No record having special associations with the undertaking of the London Board, and no relic having special associations with the undertaking of any relevant authority (that is to say, any of the Boards other than the Railways Board, any of the new authorities or the Holding Company) shall under subsection (1) of this section be transferred to any person other than the authority in question or otherwise disposed of unless—

(a) it has been previously offered by the Railways Board

to that authority; and

(b) it has not been claimed by that authority within six

months of the date on which the offer was made;

and if the record or relic is claimed as aforesaid the Railways Board shall transfer it without consideration to that authority.

(4) There shall be no transfer or disposal of any record or relic under subsection (1)(£>) of this section, except in pursuance of subsection (2) or (3) of this section, unless—

(a) the record or relic has been previously offered by the

Railways Board to the Secretary of State for Education and Science; and

(b) it has not been claimed by him within six months of

the date on which the offer was made;

and, in the case of a record, before consenting to a transfer or

4D 3

Part X

Transfer and disposal of historical records and relics.

2292

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part X disposal to which the foregoing provisions of this subsection apply, the Minister shall consult with such persons as the Minister and the Secretary of State for Education and Science acting jointly may consider—

(i) to possess appropriate qualifications for advising on

the treatment of records of the class or description to which the particular record in question belongs; and

(ii) to be the appropriate persons to consult with respect to that particular record.

(5) Where any record or relic has been transferred to any relevant authority under subsection (3) of this section or under paragraph 4 of the British Transport Historical Relics Scheme 1963, that relevant authority shall, in respect of that record or relic, have the same powers, exercisable subject to the same conditions, as the Railways Board have under subsection (1) of this section in respect of the records and relics there mentioned.

(6) Subsections (1) to (5) of this section shall have effect notwithstanding anything in the schemes in force under paragraph 1(5) of Schedule 6 to the Act of 1962 (which impose duties as to the preservation of the historical records and relics vested in the Railways Board by that Act) and the Railways Board may, with the approval of the Minister, vary or revoke any such scheme so far as appears to the Board and the Minister to be expedient in consequence of those subsections; but, where any record or relic which has been transferred to a relevant authority under subsection (3) of this section or under paragraph 4 of the said Scheme of 1963 is for the time being in the possession of that or any other relevant authority, then (without prejudice to the powers conferred by subsection (5) of this section and to any relevant requirement of any scheme made under the said paragraph 1(5) which remains in force with or without variations made under this subsection) it shall be the duty of the relevant authority for the time being having possession of that record or relic to preserve it in suitable accommodation.

(7) Neither the Railways Board nor the London Board shall dispose of any document or object for the time being in their possession which was not vested in them by the said section 31(2)(/) but falls within a class of documents or objects for the time specified by an agreement between the Board concerned and the Secretary of State for Education and Science as of sufficient interest to warrant preservation in any collection maintained or proposed to be maintained by him, unless—

(a) it has been previously offered by the Board to that Secretary of State; and

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2293

(6) it has not been claimed by him within six months of Part X the date on which the offer was made;

and if that document or object is claimed as aforesaid the Board concerned shall transfer it without consideration to that Secretary of State.

(8) Any offer or claim for the purposes of this section shall be in writing; and any such claim shall be of no effect unless—

(a) it contains a statement of the time (which shall be not

more than three months after the date of the claim) when the claimant proposes to remove what he has claimed; and

(b) the claimant removes what he has claimed in accord-

ance with that statement or at such later time as may be allowed by the authority to whom the claim was made.

(9) Nothing in Schedule 1 to the Public Records Act 1958 1958 c. 51. shall cause any records transferred under this section to become,

by reason of that or any subsequent transfer, public records within the meaning of that Act; but any records so transferred which at any time are for the time being in the custody of the Secretary of State for Scotland may be treated for the purposes of section 5(1) of the Public Records (Scotland) Act 1937 as 1937 c. 43. records belonging to Her Majesty.

145.—(1) The power of prescribing conferred by subsection Minor

(3) of section 117 of the Act of 1960 (which provides that for aJa^ld™®Pts the purposes of that Act an express carriage is a public service vehicle carrying passengers at separate fares none of which is less than one shilling or such greater sum as may be prescribed) may be exercised so as to provide for different minimum fares for the purposes of that subsection in different circumstances.

(2) The power of the Minister under subsection (2) of section 123 of the Act of 1960 to appoint a deputy or an additional deputy to the traffic commissioner for the Metropolitan Traffic Area or the chairman of the traffic commissioners for any other traffic area (being a power exercisable if the Minister considers that, owing to the number of applications under Parts III and IV of that Act, the duties to be performed by those persons cannot conveniently or efficiently be performed by them alone) shall include power to appoint two or more deputies, or as the case may be, additional deputies to any of those persons.

(3) Sections 154(1) and 188(1) of the Act of 1960 (which require traffic commissioners and licensing authorities to cause

4D 4

2294 Ch. 73 Transport Act 1968

Part X proper accounts to be kept and to prepare an annual statement of accounts) shall cease to have effect. (4) Section 255 of the Act of 1960 (method of calculating weight of motor vehicles for the purposes of that Act and of other enactments relating to the use of motor vehicles on roads) shall apply also for the purposes of any enactment relating to the use of trailers on roads and. in relation to a trailer, shall apply as if the reference to the propulsion of the vehicle were a reference to the propulsion of any vehicle by which the trailer is drawn.

Approval marks. 1962 c. 59. 146.—(1) Section 47 of the Road Traffic Act 1962 (which relates to approval marks for motor vehicle parts for the purposes of certain international agreements) shall apply where any international agreement to which the United Kingdom is a party provides— (a) for markings to be applied to a motor vehicle to indicate that the vehicle is fitted with motor vehicle parts within the meaning of that section of any description and either— (i) that the parts conform with a type approved by any country; or (ii) that the vehicle is such that as so fitted it conforms with a type so approved; and (b) for motor vehicles bearing those markings to be recognised as complying with the requirements imposed by the law of another country, as it applies where such an agreement provides as mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) of that section. (2) In the said section 47, the expression "motor vehicle part " shall include any equipment for the protection of drivers or passengers in or on a motor vehicle notwithstanding that it does not form part of, or of the equipment of, that vehicle. (3) In this section, the expression "motor vehicle" means a mechanically propelled vehicle or a vehicle designed or adapted for towing by a mechanically propelled vehicle.

Exhibition of 147. For section 8(3) of the Vehicles (Excise) Act 1962 (which licences under relates to the exhibition of licences issued under that Act) there

Vehicle (Excise) Act 1962. 1962 c. 13. shall be substituted the following: — " (3) Subject to the provisions of regulations under this Act, and without prejudice to section 7 thereof, any person who uses or keeps on a public road any mechanically propelled vehicle on which duty under this Act is chargeable without there being fixed to and exhibited on that vehicle

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2295

in the prescribed manner a licence for, or in respect of the use of, that vehicle issued under this Act and for the time being in force shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds

148, —(1) The Road Safety Act 1967 shall have effect with the amendments hereafter specified in this section.

(2) In section 9(l)(fi) (which relates to the issue of goods vehicle test certificates)—

(a) for the words " is found on an examination " there shall be substituted the words " has been found on examination ";

(b) for the words "does so comply" there shall be substituted the words "has been found so to comply".

(3) In section 14, in subsection (8) (under which the Minister may by regulations make certain exemptions provided for by paragraphs (a) and (b) of that subsection) at the end there shall be added the following paragraph:—

" (c) make provision for the issue in respect of a vehicle in such circumstances as may be prescribed of a certificate of temporary exemption exempting that vehicle from the provisions of subsection (1), (2) or (3) of this section for such period as may be specified in the certificate ".

(4) In section 14, in subsection (9) (under which the Minister may by regulations provide that a licence for a vehicle under the Vehicles (Excise) Act 1962 shall not be granted unless certain requirements are satisfied) for the words " under the last foregoing subsection " there shall be substituted the words " under paragraph (a) of subsection (8) of this section or unless there is produced in respect of the vehicle a certificate of temporary exemption issued by virtue of paragraph (c) of that subsection which exempts that vehicle from the provisions of the said subsection (2) or (3), as the case may be, for a period which includes the date on which the licence is to come into force."

149. —(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of section 32 of the Countryside Act 1968 with respect to certain Crown roads, the Minister may, with the consent of the appropriate Crown authority or authorities concerned, by order, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, direct that, subject to subsection (3) of this section and to such exceptions, adaptations or modifications appearing to him to be necessary or expedient as may be specified in the order, all or any of the road traffic enactments shall apply to all

4D*

Part X

Amendment of Road Safety Act 1967.

1967 c. 30.

1962 c. 13.

Application of road traffic enactments to Crown roads. 1968 c. 41.

le

2296

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part X Crown roads, or to any specified Crown road or Crown roads, or to Crown roads of a specified class, as they apply in relation to other roads to which the public has access.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, but subject to subsection (3) of this section, any order under the said subsection (1) with respect to any of the road traffic enactments may in particular include provision—

(a) for enabling functions with respect to a road exercisable

under the enactment in question by the local authority or the highway authority to be exercised with respect to a Crown road by the appropriate Crown authority or by a particular local authority or highway authority;

(b) for enabling power to make an order, regulation or

scheme under the enactment in question with respect to a Crown road which would otherwise be exercisable by a local authority or highway authority to be exercised instead by the Minister, and for requiring the consent of the Minister to the variation or revocation by any other authority of such an order, regulation or scheme made by him;

(c) for a certificate of the appropriate Crown authority or

of the Minister that the authority or Minister has, or has not, consented to the doing of anything for which under the order or under this section the consent of the authority or, as the case may be, the Minister is required to be evidence, and in Scotland sufficient evidence, of the facts stated;

(d) for exempting from any provision of the enactment in

question persons and vehicles on a Crown road in the service of the Crown or of an agent of the Crown.

(3) No order, regulation or scheme in relation to a Crown road shall be made, varied or revoked under any of the road traffic enactments by virtue of an order under subsection (1) of this section except by or with the consent of the appropriate Crown authority.

(4) With a view to the avoidance of doubt, the road traffic enactments specified in an order under subsection (1) of this section may include any provision of those enactments notwithstanding that it would have applied in relation to Crown roads apart from the making of the order; and the inclusion in the order of a provision which would so have applied shall not prejudice anything done under that provision in relation to a Crown road before the coming into force of the order.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2297

(5) In this section— Part X

(a) the expression " appropriate Crown authority ", in relation to a Crown road, means—

(i) in the case of a road on land belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown, the Crown Estate Commissioners or other government department having the management of that land;

(ii) in the case of a road on land belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Duchy of Lancaster, the Chancellor of the Duchy;

(iii) in the case of a road on land belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall, such person as the Duke of Cornwall or the possessor for the time being of the Duchy of Cornwall appoints;

(iv) in the case of a road on land belonging to a government department or held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes of a government department, that department;

and if any question arises under this paragraph as to what authority is the appropriate Crown authority in relation to any Crown road, that question shall be referred to the Treasury, whose decision shall be final;

(b) the expression " Crown road " means a road, other than

a highway, to which the public has access by permission granted by the appropriate Crown authority, or otherwise granted by or on behalf of the Crown;

(c) the expression " road traffic enactments " means the enactments (whether passed before or after or contained in this Act) relating to road traffic, including the lighting and parking of vehicles, and any order or other instrument having effect by virtue of any such enactment;

and, in the application of this section to Scotland or Wales, for any reference to the Minister there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State.

(6) Nothing in this section shall prejudice any enactment in addition to this section and section 32 of the Countryside Act 1968 c. 41. 1968 which relates to Crown roads.

150.—(1) The Minister shall establish a committee, to be Railways and known as the Railways and Coastal Shipping Committee, for the purpose of- SHL

(a) considering and from time to time reporting to the Minister on matters which affect the interests both of the Railways Board and of persons engaged in coastal shipping, and in particular any such matters which the

4 D* 2

2298

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part X

Minister may refer to the committee for consideration; and

(b) dealing with any complaint as to the charges for the carriage of goods by rail made or quoted by the Railways Board in competition with coastal shipping, being a complaint which is made to the committee, or made to the Minister and referred by him to the committee, and which is so made by or on behalf of a body appearing to the committee or, as the case may be, to the Minister to be representative of the interests of persons engaged in coastal shipping.

(2) The committee shall consist of—

(a) such number as the Minister thinks fit of shipping

members, that is to say, members representing the interests of persons engaged in coastal shipping, who shall be appointed by the Minister after consultation with the President of the Board of Trade and with such body or bodies as the Minister thinks fit, being a body or bodies appearing to the Minister to be representative of such persons; and

(b) the like number of railway members, that is to say,

members representing the Railways Board, who shall be nominated by the Railways Board and of whom at least one shall be a member of that Board.

(3) The committee shall appoint one of their members to be their chairman and, subject to subsection (4) of this section, their procedure, including their quorum, shall be such as they may determine.

(4) If, at the meeting at which the committee consider any such complaint as is mentioned in subsection (l)(/>) of this section, a majority of those present and voting of each respectively of—

(a) the shipping members; and

(b) the railway members,

are unable to agree together as to the action, if any, to be taken on the complaint, the chairman of the committee shall, if such a majority either of the shipping members or of the railway members so request, report the failure to reach agreement to the Minister, who shall then refer the complaint for a determination of the matters referred to in subsection (5) of this section to a person appearing to the Minister to have suitable qualifications for that purpose.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2299

(5) The matters to be determined by the person appointed by Part X the Minister under subsection (4) of this section in connection

with a complaint are—

(a) the cost to the Railways Board of providing the services in question;

(b) the cost of providing corresponding services by coastal shipping; and

(c) the likely effect on the Railways Board and on persons engaged in coastal shipping respectively of losing the business in question to the other of them, including any effect of the loss of that business on the charges of that Board or, as the case may be, such persons for other services by way of the carriage of goods,

the costs referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this subsection being broken down in such manner as the Minister may direct.

(6) The person appointed to determine the matters aforesaid in connection with a complaint—

(a) may require the Railways Board and the complainant

respectively to submit written evidence in support of their case; and

(b) shall make any evidence so submitted by the Railways Board or by the complainant available to the other of them;

and subject to the foregoing provisions of this subsection the procedure for the purpose of determining those matters shall be such as the Minister may direct.

(7) After considering the report of the person appointed to determine the matters aforesaid in connection with any complaint, the Minister may give to the Railways Board any directions which he may consider appropriate in the circumstances of the case.

(8) In this section the expression " coastal shipping " has the same meaning as in the Act of 1962.

151. The County of Bute shall be a county to which section 1 Amendment of the Highlands and Islands Shipping Services Act 1960 (assis- of Highlands tance to persons providing sea transport services) applies, and gjj? accordingly in the Schedule to the said Act after the words " The servk^Act County of Argyll " there shall be inserted the words M The County i960.

of Bute". 1960c.31.

152. —(1) In subsection (1) of section 7 of the Harbours, Piers Amendment and Ferries (Scotland) Act 1937 (which provides that in certain of 1937 c. 28. circumstances the Secretary of State may authorise a local or"1?11?"?* harbour authority to undertake, subject to the Second Schedule JUd m

to the said Act, certain operations in connection with a marine

4D* 3

2300

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part X work) for the words " twenty-five thousand pounds " (substituted 1953 c. 11. by section 1 of the Harbours, Piers and Ferries (Scotland) Act 1953) there shall be substituted the words "one hundred thousand pounds

1937 c. 28. (2) This section and the Harbours, Piers and Ferries (Scotland)

Act 1937 may be cited together as the Harbours, Piers and Ferries (Scotland) Acts 1937 and 1968.

Compensation for certain refusals under Docks and Harbours Act 1966.

1966 c. 28.

153.—(1) Where in the case of an application for a licence under the Docks and Harbours Act 1966 for the employment of dock workers which has been refused by the licensing authority—

(a) the application was made before the commencement of section 1 of that Act; and

(b) the applicant has not appealed under section 7 of that

Act against the authority’s decision to refuse the application; and

(c) after the date when notice of that decision was given to

the applicant by the authority, all applications for such licences for the port in question have been referred to the Minister under section 8(2) of that Act,

then, subject to subsection (2) of this section, for the purposes of compensation under section 13 of that Act for the refusal of that application subsection (5) of the said section 13 (which relates to the date to be treated for the purposes of such compensation as the date of refusal of a licence) shall not apply, and shall be deemed never to have applied, in relation to that refusal, but for the purposes of subsection (3) of that section the refusal shall be treated as having taken place on the date referred to in paragraph (c) of this subsection.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not have effect in relation to a case where the amount of the compensation under the said section 13 has been determined before the date of the coming into force of this section unless within three months of that date the applicant sends to the licensing authority a written request that it shall so have effect.

Restriction of 154. Expenditure incurred by a district council under or by operation of virtue of this Act shall not be taken into account in any calcula-G°ve ment ^on as to limit of one shilling per pound imposed on the

(Scotland) Act rate which may be levied by such a council in any year by 1947, s. 226. section 226 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947.

1947 c. 43.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2301

155.—(1) Part II of Schedule 1 to the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957 (which specifies the bodies of which the members are disqualified for membership of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom) shall have effect with the insertion at the appropriate places in alphabetical order of the following entries, namely—

The Channel Tunnel Planning Council.

The Freight Integration Council.

The National Bus Company.

The National Freight Corporation.

The Scottish Transport Group.

(2) The Part substituted by Schedule 3 to the said Act of 1957 for the said Part II in its application to the Senate and House of Commons of Northern Ireland shall have effect with the insertion at the appropriate places in alphabetical order of the following entries, namely—

The Freight Integration Council.

The National Freight Corporation.

(3) A person shall cease to be disqualified—

(a) for membership of the House of Commons of the United

Kingdom by reason of holding the office of director of the Hotel Company referred to in the Act of 1962 or of any of the companies shown in List A in Part I, in Part III and in List A in Part IV of Schedule 4 to that Act;

(b) for membership of the Senate and House of Commons

of Northern Ireland by reason of holding office as director of any of the following companies, that is to say—

Caledonian Steam Packet Company (Irish Services) Limited.

Railway Sites Limited.

British Road Services Limited.

B.R.. (Parcels) Limited.

B.R.. (Pickfords) Limited.

Atlantic Steam Navigation Company Limited.

156.—(1) With a view to giving the public advance notice of plans for the discontinuance of any rail or shipping services provided by the Freight Corporation, the Scottish Group or any subsidiary of that Corporation or Group, that Corporation or Group shall from time to time publish in such manner and in such places in the United Kingdom as the Minister or, in the

4 D* 4

Part X Amendments as to disqualification for membership of House of Commons etc.

1957 c. 20.

Miscellaneous,

supplementary

and

consequential

provisions.

2302 Part X

Orders and regulations.

Inquiries. 1919 c. 50.

Interpretation general.

1960 c. 16. 1962 c. 46.

Ch. 73 Transport Act 1968

case of the Scottish Group, the Secretary of State may direct such information as to their plans as the Minister or, as the case may be, the Secretary of State may determine.

(2) The enactments referred to in Schedule 16 to this Act shall have effect subject to the provisions of that Schedule, being provisions supplementary to or consequential on provisions of this Act.

157. Any power to make orders or regulations conferred on any Minister by any provision of this Act shall, except in the case of an order under section 124, be exercisable by statutory instrument; and any power to make an order under any provision of this Act shall include power to make such an order varying or revoking any previous order under that provision.

158. —(1) The Minister may hold inquiries for the purposes of his functions under any provision of this Act other than Part V as if those purposes were purposes of the Ministry of Transport Act 1919 and section 20 of that Act shall apply accordingly.

(2) For the purposes of any functions under this Act of the Secretary of State for Scotland or the Secretary of State for Wales, subsection (1) of this section, the said section 20 and section 90(2) to (7) of the Act of 1962 shall have effect as if for any reference therein to the Minister there were substituted a reference to that Secretary of State.

- 159.—(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise

requires, and except in any Part as respects which the expression in question is separately defined, the following expressions have the following meanings respectively, that is to say—

" the Act of 1960 " means the Road Traffic Act 1960;

" the Act of 1962 " means the Transport Act 1962;

" appointed day " means the relevant day appointed under section 166(2) of this Act;

"area bus service" means a bus service which is, or so far as it is, a service on which passengers may be taken up and set down at different places within the same area designated under section 9(1) of this Act, whether or not any passengers on that service may also be taken up or set down outside that area;

" the Boards " means the Boards established under section 1 of the Act of 1962, namely, the British Railways Board, the London Transport Board, the British Transport Docks Board and the British Waterways Board, and references to a Board shall be construed accordingly;

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2303

"the Bus Company" means the National Bus Company established under section 24 of this Act;

" bus service " means a service for the carriage of passengers by road for which a road service licence is required, or would but for section 19(3) (a) of this Act be required, other than an excursion or tour;

"charges" includes fares, rates, tolls and due* of every description;

"the Docks Board" means the British Transport Docks Board established under section 1 of the Act of 1962;

"excursion or tour" means, subject to section 21(2) and

(3) of this Act, a service for the carriage of passengers by road which is, or is predominantly, of such a nature that it could be provided under a road service licence authorising only excursions or tours, that is to say, is a service which consists, or consists predominantly, of the carriage by stage or express carriage of passengers at separate fares entitling those passengers to travel together on a journey, with or without breaks, the timing of which is not regulated by the terms of the road service licence, from the place or places at which the passengers are taken up (being the same place or two or more places in the same vicinity) to one or more other places and back to the place or places at which they were taken up, not being—

(a) a service provided as part of, or as an addition to, a regular service at fixed times on which all the passengers are not expected to complete the whole of that journey; or

(b) a service required to be provided in accordance with traffic requirements;

"express carriage" and "stage carriage" have the same meanings respectively as for the purposes of the Act of 1960;

" ferry service " means a transport service by water (including such a service by means of a hovercraft) which carries passengers and operates regularly between two or more points both or all of which are in Great Britain;

" the Freight Corporation " means the National Freight Corporation established under section 1 of this Act;

" functions " includes powers, duties and obligations;

" goods " includes animals and mails;

" harbour " has the same meaning as in the Act of 1962;

Part X

2304

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part X 1959 c. 25.

1968 c. 59.

" highway authority " in relation to any highway means—

(a) for the purposes of the application of this Act to England or Wales, the highway authority for that highway under Part I of the Highways Act 1959;

(b) for the purposes of the application of this Act to Scotland—

(i) where the highway is a trunk road, the Secretary of State; and

(ii) in any other case, the county council or the town council of a burgh charged with the maintenance and management of any of the highways therein;

" the Holding Company " means the Transport Holding Company established under section 29 of the Act of 1962;

" hovercraft " has the same meaning as in the Hovercraft Act 1968;

" inland waterway " includes every such waterway whether natural or artificial;

"land" includes land covered by water and any interest or right in, over or under land;

" lease " includes an agreement for a lease;

" liability " includes an obligation;

" the London Board " means the London Transport Board established under section 1 of the Act of 1962;

" the Minister " means, save as otherwise expressly provided and in particular subject to sections 7(7), 8(5), 9(6), 17(6)(«) and 28(6) of this Act, the Minister of Transport;

" the new authorities " means the Freight Corporation, the Bus Company and the Scottish Group;

"participant’*, in relation to a pension scheme, means a person who (whether he is referred to in the scheme as a member, as a contributor or otherwise) contributes or has contributed under the scheme and has pension rights thereunder and " participate " shall be construed accordingly;

" pension ", in relation to a person, means a pension, whether contributory or not, of any kind whatsoever payable to or in respect of him, and includes a gratuity so payable and a return of contributions to a pension fund, with or without interest thereon or any other addition thereto and any sums payable on or in respect of the death of that person;

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2305

" pension fund " means a fund established for the purposes of paying pensions;

"pension rights" includes, in relation to any person, all forms of right to or eligibility for the present or future payment of a pension, and any expectation of the accruer of a pension under any customary practice, and includes a right of allocation in respect of the present or future payment of a pension;

" pension scheme " includes any form of arrangement for the payment of pensions, whether subsisting by virtue of Act of Parliament, trust, contract or otherwise;

" plated weight ", in relation to a vehicle, means a weight required to be marked on it by means of a plate in pursuance of regulations made by virtue of section 64 of the Act of 1960 or required to be so marked by section 10 of the Road Safety Act 1967;

" public service vehicle " has the same meaning as for the purposes of the Act of 1960;

44 the Railways Board " means the British Railways Board established under section 1 of the Act of 1962;

44 road service licence " has the same meaning as for the purposes of the Act of 1960 and except in section 30 of this Act includes a permit granted under the said section 30;

"Scottish Group" means the Scottish Transport Group established under section 24 of this Act;

44 securities ", in relation to a body corporate, means any shares, stock, debentures, debenture stock, and any other security of a like nature, of the body corporate;

"subsidiary" and 44wholly-owned subsidiary", subject to section 51(5) of this Act, have the same meanings respectively as in the Act of 1962;

44 vehicle " includes a hovercraft;

44the Waterways Board" means the British Waterways Board established under section 1 of the Act of 1962;

44 Wales " includes Monmouthshire, and references to England shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Except where the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended, extended or applied by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

160.—(1) Nothing in section 12 of the Finance Act 1895 (which requires Acts to be stamped as conveyances on sale in certain cases) or in section 52 of the Finance Act 1946 (which

Part X

1967 c. 30.

Stamp duty. 1895 c. 16. 1946 c. 64.

2306

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part X

1891 c. 39.

1899 c. 9.

exempts from stamp duty certain documents connected with nationalisation schemes) shall be taken as applying to this Act

(2) Where the Commissioners of Inland Revenue are satisfied that the conditions specified in paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of subsection (3) of this section are fulfilled, stamp duty shall not be chargeable—

(a) under section 112 of the Stamp Act 1891 in respect of

the amount which is to form the nominal share capital of a company, or in respect of any increase in the nominal share capital of a company; or

(b) under section 8 of the Finance Act 1899 in respect of

the amount proposed to be secured by an issue of loan capital by a company,

if or to the extent that the Commissioners are also satisfied—

(i) in a case falling within paragraph (a) or ( of the said

subsection (3), that the total capital of the company, whether nominal share capital or loan capital, on the relevant transfer date referred to in the said paragraph

(a) or (b) will not exceed the total value of the assets less liabilities transferred;

(ii) in a case falling within paragraph (c) of that subsection, that the amount or aggregate amount of the increase of nominal share capital or of the loan capital to be issued or of both does not exceed the total value of the assets less liabilities to be transferred.

(3) The conditions referred to in subsection (2) of this section are—

(a) that the company is a company formed in pursuance of

subsection (2) of section 5 of this Act, and, in the case of an increase of nominal share capital or an issue of loan capital, that the increase or issue is to take place before the transfer date for the purposes of subsection

(3) (a) of that section;

(b) that the company is a company formed for the purpose

of a transfer to be effected by section 4(1), 7(5), 8(4), 17(5), 28(1) or (2), 29(2) or 53(2) of this Act and. in the case of an increase of nominal share capital or issue of loan capital, that the increase or issue is to take place before the transfer date;

(c) in the case of an increase of nominal share capital or

issue of loan capital to which paragraph (a) or (b) of this subsection does not apply, that the increase or issue is for the purpose of a transfer to be effected by section 7(5), 8(4) or 53(2) of this Act and is to take place before the transfer date.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2307

(4) Stamp duty shall not be chargeable under section 8 of the Part X Finance Act 1899 in respect of the amount proposed to bei899c. 9. secured by an issue of loan capital by the Executive for a designated area within the meaning of section 9(1) of this Act

if or to the extent that the Commissioners of Inland Revenue are satisfied—

(a) that the issue will take place before the transfer date

for the transfers to that Executive under section 17(5) of this Act; and

(b) that the total loan capital of that Executive on that date

will not exceed the total value of the assets less liabilities to be transferred.

(5) Stamp duty shall not be chargeable on any instrument which is certified to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue by the appropriate Board or new authority or appropriate Executive established under section 9(1) of this Act as having been made or executed in pursuance of Schedule 4 to this Act otherwise than by virtue of section 7 (7) (6) thereof; but no such instrument shall be deemed to be duly stamped unless it is stamped with the duty to which it would but for this subsection be liable or it

has, in accordance with the provisions of section 12 of the Stamp 1891 c. 39. Act 1891, been stamped with a particular stamp denoting that it is not chargeable with any duty or that it is duly stamped.

161.—(1) In relation to the Railways Board, paragraph income tax, etc. 10(l)(a) of Schedule 8 to the Capital Allowances Act 1968 1968 c. 3. (which relates to capital allowances in respect of assets transferred to the Boards by the Act of 1962) shall have effect, and that paragraph and section 42(1 )(a) of the Act of 1962 (being the provision re-enacted by that paragraph) shall each be deemed always to have had effect, as if for the words from " as shown " onwards there were substituted the words "as at 1st January 1963 as shown in the first accounts of the Railways Board, and ".

(2) In section 55(6) of the Finance Act 1965 (which relates to 1965 c. 25. chargeable gains of companies) after the figures " 1962 " there

shall be inserted the words " and the new authorities within the meaning of the Transport Act 1968 established under that Act of 1968 "; and Part I of Schedule 13 to that Act, except in so far as it relates to recovery of tax, shall have effect in relation to the Executive for a designated area within the meaning of section 9(1) of this Act as if that Executive were a company within the meaning of the said Part I.

(3) In section 83(4) of the Capital Allowances Act 1968 and, in relation to chargeable periods ending on or before 5th April

1968, in section 35(3) of the Finance Act 1966 (which specify 1966 c. 18.

2308

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part X

1966 c. 32.

Rating.

1967 c. 9.

certain grants the making of which in respect of any expenditure disentitles the grantee to investment allowances or initial allowances in respect of that expenditure) at the end of paragraph ( ) there shall in each case be inserted the words " or

(c) a grant made under section 32, 34(1) or 56(1), or a payment made under section 56(2), of the Transport Act 1968".

(4) In the Selective Employment Payments Act 1966, in Part I of Schedule 1 (which sets out the bodies to which section 3 of that Act applies)—

ia) in paragraph 14, after the words " paragraphs 9 to 13 " there shall be inserted the words " or paragraphs 23 to 25

(b) at the end there shall be added the following paragraphs—

" 23. The National Freight Corporation.

24. The National Bus Company.

25. The Scottish Transport Group ";

and in subsection (3) of the said section 3 after the words " paragraphs 9 to 13" there shall be inserted the words " and 23 to 25 ".

162.—(1) Where any premises are occupied wholly or partly—

(a) for purposes of a subsidiary of the Railways Board, the

London Board or the Waterways Board which, if the undertaking of that subsidiary formed part of the undertaking of that Board, would be non-rateable purposes within the meaning of subsection (6) of section 32 of the General Rate Act 1967; or

(b) for purposes of the Freight Corporation or of any sub-

sidiary of that Corporation which, if the undertaking of that Corporation or subsidiary formed part of the undertaking of the Railways Board, would be non-rateable purposes as aforesaid,

then, for the purposes of the rating of those premises so far as they are occupied for such purposes as are mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of this subsection, the undertaking of that subsidiary of that Board or, as the case may be, of the Freight Corporation or that subsidiary of that Corporation shall be deemed to form part of the undertaking of that Board and the premises so far as so occupied shall be deemed to be occupied for non-rateable purposes of that Board.

(2) The Freight Corporation shall in each year pay to the Railways Board such amount towards the amount paid by that Board under subsection (5) of the said section 32 as is fairly

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2309

attributable to premises occupied for purposes of that Corpora- Part X tion or any subsidiary of that Corporation; and any dispute between the Board and the Corporation as to the amount due under this subsection shall be referred to the Minister for determination, who may before making his determination refer it to the Freight Integration Council for their recommendations; and the determination of the Minister shall be final.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (6) or (7) of the said section 32, purposes of the exercise by any of the Boards aforesaid or the Freight Corporation of any powers conferred by section 48 or subsections (1) to (7) of section 50 of this Act or purposes of the exercise by a subsidiary of any of those Boards or that Corporation of corresponding powers shall not be treated as non-rateable purposes within the meaning of the said section 32(6).

(4) Where any premises are occupied partly for such purposes as are mentioned in subsection (l)(a) or (b) of this section and partly for other purposes of the Freight Corporation or of such a subsidiary as is so mentioned, then—

(a) where those premises are a hereditament in England or

Wales—

(i) there shall be ascribed to the hereditament under section 19 of the said Act of 1967 such net annual value as may be just having regard to the extent to which it is occupied for those other purposes; and

(ii) if under any scheme for the time being in force such as is mentioned in section 117(7) of that Act any deduction falls to be made from the net annual value of the hereditament in arriving at its rateable value, that deduction shall be calculated with regard only to those other purposes;

(b) where those premises are lands and heritages within

the meaning of the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act 1854 c. 91.

1854—

(i) it shall be the duty of the Assessor of Public Undertakings (Scotland) to ascertain and fix such net annual value as may be just, having regard to the extent to which the premises are occupied for those other purposes, and for the foregoing purpose subsections (2) and (3) of section 124 of the Local 1948 c. 26. Government Act 1948 (subjects to be valued by Assessor of Public Undertakings (Scotland)) shall

apply as they apply for the purposes of subsection

(1) of that section; and

(ii) the deduction, if any, to be made by the Assessor from the net annual value in arriving at

2310

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Part X

1948 c. 26.

Expenses.

Application to Northern Ireland.

the rateable value shall be calculated with regard only to those other purposes.

(5) Section 32(4) of the said Act of 1967 (which provides for the rating of railway or canal premises in England and Wales occupied partly for certain specified purposes) shall have effect as if after paragraph (b) thereof there were inserted the following paragraph: —

" (c) purposes of the exercise by a transport Board of any powers conferred by section 48 or subsections (1) to (7) of section 50 of the Transport Act 1968

(6) Section 87(1) of the said Act of 1948 (which provides for the rating of railway or canal premises in Scotland occupied partly for non-rateable purposes and partly for other purposes) shall have effect in relation to the Railways Board and the Waterways Board as if references to other purposes included only references to other purposes being—

(a) purposes of any parts of the undertaking of either of

those Boards which, within the meaning of section 86 of that Act, are concerned with the carriage of goods or passengers by road transport or sea transport or with harbours; or

(b) purposes of any parts of the said undertakings which

are subsidiary or incidental to any such part as aforesaid; or

(c) purposes of the exercise by those Boards of any powers

conferred by section 48 or subsections (1) to (7) of section 50 of this Act.

(7) In the application of this section to Scotland—

(a) for any reference to subsection (6) of section 32 of the

said Act of 1967 there shall be substituted a reference to section 86(2) of the Local Government Act 1948;

(b) for the reference to subsection (5) of the said section 32

there shall be substituted a reference to section 66(3) of the Act of 1962.

163. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any expenses incurred by any Minister under or in consequence of the provisions of this Act;

(b) any increase attributable to any of the provisions of this Act in the sums so payable under any other Act.

164. —(1) The provisions of this Act set out in Part I of Schedule 17 to this Act shall extend to Northern Ireland subject to the modifications set out in Part II of that Schedule, but save as aforesaid this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2311

(2) For the purposes of section 6 of the Government of Part X Ireland Act 1920 (which relates to the powers of the Parliament 1920 c. 67. of Northern Ireland) this Act shall be deemed to be an Act passed before the appointed day.

165. The following enactments are hereby repealed, that is Repeals, to say—

(a) the provisions of the Transport Act 1962 specified in 1962 c* 46-

Part I of Schedule 18 to this Act;

(b) the provisions of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 1967 c. 76.

specified in Part II of that Schedule;

(c) the enactments specified in Part III of that Schedule to

the extent specified in the third column of that Part; and

(d) as from the appointed day for the purposes of subsection

(8) of section 94 of this Act, and subject to the provisions of that subsection, the enactments specified in Part IV of that Schedule to the extent specified in the third column of that Part.

166. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Transport Act 1968. Short title and

commence

(2) Section 93 of this Act shall come into force on the ment. passing of this Act and the other provisions of this Act shall come into force on such day as, subject to subsection (3) of this section, the Minister may by order appoint, and different days may be appointed for different purposes and different provisions

of this Act

(3) The reference to the Minister in subsection (2) of this section shall be construed—

(a) in relation to—

(i) the provisions of Part II of this Act; and

(ii) any of the following provisions of this Act, namely, sections 34, 36, 37, 44, 56, 116 to 119, 121,

122 and 126 to 130; and

(iii) the bringing into force with respect to the Scottish Group of any provision of this Act which refers to that Group,

as a reference to the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly;

(b) in relation to section 131 of this Act and to any section

of this Act which relates only to Scotland, as a reference to the Secretary of State.

2312

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

SCHEDULES

Sections 1 and 24.

SCHEDULE 1 Thb New Authorities

1. The Freight Corporation shall consist of—

(a) a chairman appointed by the Minister; and

(b) not more than twelve nor less than six other members

appointed by the Minister after consultation with the chairman.

2. The Bus Company shall consist of—

(a) a chairman appointed by the Minister; and

(b) not more than ten nor less than five other members appointed

by the Minister after consultation with the chairman.

3. The Scottish Group shall consist of—

(a) a chairman appointed by the Secretary of State; and

(b) not more than ten nor less than five other members appointed

by the Secretary of State after consultation with the chairman.

4. The chairman and other members of each of the new authorities shall be appointed from among persons who appear to the Minister or, as the case may be, the Secretary of State to have had wide experience of, and to have shown capacity in, transport, industrial, commercial or financial matters, applied science, administration or the organisation of workers.

5. In appointing the chairman and other members of any of the new authorities the Minister or, as the case may be, the Secretary of State shall have regard to the desirability of having members who are familiar with the special requirements and circumstances of particular regions and areas served by the authority in question and, in the case of the Freight Corporation, with the requirements of overseas trade.

6. The provisions of Part I of Schedule 1 to the Act of 1962 (which relate to the constitution and proceedings, and to the members, of the Boards) shall have effect as if each of the new authorities were one of the Boards, but in relation to the Scottish Group as if for any reference therein to the Minister there were substituted a reference to the Secretary of State.

Commencing Capital Debts of New Authorities

1. Bach of the new authorities shall severally assume a commencing capital debt due to the Minister of such amount respectively as the Minister may by order prescribe; and subsections (6) and

(8) of section 39 of the Act of 1962 shall apply to that debt as they apply to the commencing capital debts of the Boards.

2. For the purposes of any period between the day appointed under section 166(2) of this Act for the purposes of the application to any of the new authorities of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, and

Sections 3 and 27.

SCHEDULE 2

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2313

the date of the making of the order with respect to that authority under that paragraph the Minister may estimate what the commencing capital debt of that authority is likely to be and require that authority to make to him provisional payments by way of interest on the estimated amount; and those provisional payments shall be on account of the payments of interest becoming due under section 39(6) of the Act of 1962 as applied by that paragraph.

3. Without prejudice to section 53(5) of this Act, the Minister may from time to time by order vary any of the amounts prescribed under paragraph 1 of this Schedule where that appears to him expedient to take account—

(a) of any adjustment in pursuance of the provisions of Schedule

4 to this Act in the property, rights and liabilities transferred under section 5(3X«) or 29(2) of this Act; or

(b) of any transfer of property, rights and liabilities under section 7(5) or (6) or 8(4) of this Act;

and any such order may contain such transitional provisions as appear to the Minister expedient to take account of any interest underpaid or overpaid on the commencing capital debt of the authority in question; but no order shall be made by virtue of sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph after the expiration of the period of five years beginning with the relevant day appointed as mentioned in paragraph 2 of this Schedule.

4. The Minister’s power to make an order under paragraph 1 or 3 of this Schedule shall be subject to the approval of the Treasury and any such order shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

5. In the application of this Schedule or section 39(6) and (8) of the Act of 1962 to the Scottish Group, any reference therein to the Minister shall be construed as a reference to the Secretary of State.

SCHEDULE 3

Bodies whose Securities arb transferred to Freight Corporation

Part I

Transfers from Holding Company and subsidiaries

Associated Humber Lines Limited.

Atlantic Steam Navigation Company Limited.

British Road Services Limited.

B.R.. (Contracts) Limited.

B.R.. Parcels Limited.

British Roadrailer Services Limited.

Containerbase (Birmingham North) Limited.

Containerway and Roadferry Limited.

Harold Wood & Sons Limited.

Lawther and Harvey Limited.

Northern Ireland Carriers Limited.

Pickfords Limited.

Star Bodies (B.R..) Limited.

Tartan Arrow Service (Holdings) Limited.

See. 2

Section 4.

Ch. 73 Transport Act 1968

Tayforth Holdings (1965) Limited.

T.H.C. Freight Nominees Limited.

T.H.C. Properties Limited.

Transport Holding Company Trustees Limited

Part II

Transfers from Railways Board

British Roadrailer Services Limited.

Tartan Arrow Service (Holdings) Limited.

Secti°ns 4 5,7f SCHEDULE 4

8, 17, 28, 29

and 53. SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS AS TO CERTAIN TRANSFERS OF

Property, Rights and Liabilities Allocation of property, rights and liabilities

1.—(1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect where a transfer to which this Schedule applies is a transfer of all property, rights and liabilities comprised in a specified part of the transferor's undertaking, but shall not apply to any such rights or obligations under an agreement for the rendering of personal services.

(2) Any property, rights or liabilities held or subsisting partly for the purpose of a part of the transferor’s undertaking which is transferred and partly for the purpose of a part of that undertaking which is retained by the transferor shall, where the nature of the property, rights or liability permits, be divided or apportioned between the transferor and the transferee in such proportions as may be appropriate; and, where any estate or interest in land falls to be so divided, any rent payable under a lease in respect of that estate or interest, and any rent charged on that estate or interest, shall be correspondingly apportioned or divided so that the one part is payable in respect of, or charged on, only one part of the estate or interest and the other part is payable in respect of, or charged on, only the other part of the estate or interest

(3) Sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph shall apply, with any necessary modifications, in relation to any feuduty payable in respect of an estate or interest in land in Scotland as it applies in relation to any rent charged on an estate or interest in land.

(4) Any property, rights or liabilities held or subsisting as mentioned in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph the nature of which does not permit their division or apportionment as so mentioned shall be transferred to the transferee or retained by the transferor according to which of them appear at the transfer date likely to make use of the property, or, as the case may be, to be affected by the right or liability, to the greater extent, subject to such arrangements for the protection of the other of them as may be agreed between them or, if either of them is, or on a vesting by virtue of this Act will become, a wholly-owned subsidiary of some other body, as may be agreed between them and that other body.

(5) It shall be the duty of the transferor and the transferee, whether before or after the transfer date, so far as practicable to arrive at such written agreements, and to execute such other instruments, as are necessary or expedient to identify or define the property.

2314 Sch. 3

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2315

rights and liabilities transferred to the transferee or retained by the transferor and as will—

(a) afford to the transferor and the transferee as against one

another such rights and safeguards as they may require for the proper discharge of their respective functions; and

(b) make as from such date, not being earlier than the transfer date, as may be specified in that agreement or instrument such clarifications and modifications of the division of the transferor’s undertaking as will best serve the proper discharge of the respective functions of the transferor and the transferee;

and if either the transferor or the transferee is, or on a vesting by virtue of this Act will become, a wholly-owned subsidiary of some other body, references in the foregoing provisions of this sub-paragraph to the transferor or, as the case may be, the transferee shall include references to that other body.

(6) Any such agreement shall provide so far as it is expedient—

(a) for the granting of leases and for the creation of other liabilities and rights over land whether amounting in law to interests in land or not, and whether involving the surrender of any existing interest or the creation of a new interest or not;

(b) for the granting of indemnities in connection with the severance of leases and other matters;

(c) for responsibility for registration of any matter in any

description of statutory register.

(7) If the transferor or the transferee (not being in either case a wholly-owned subsidiary of some other body), or any body of which the transferor or the transferee is, or on a vesting by virtue of this Act will become, a wholly-owned subsidiary, represents to the Minister, or if it appears to the Minister without such a representation, that it is unlikely in the case of any matter on which agreement is required under sub-paragraph (5) of this paragraph that such agreement will be reached, die Minister may, whether before or after the transfer date, give a direction determining the manner in which the property, rights or liabilities in question are to be divided between the transferor and the transferee, and may include in the direction any provision which might have been included in an agreement under the said sub-paragraph (5); and any property, rights or liabilities required by the direction to be transferred to the transferee shall be regarded as having been transferred to, and by virtue of this Act vested in, the transferee accordingly.

Rights and liabilities under agreement for rendering of personal

services

2.—-(1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect where any rights and liabilities transferred under a transfer to which this Schedule applies are rights and liabilities under an agreement for the rendering of personal services.

(2) Where the transfer is of all property, rights and liabilities comprised in a specified part of the transferor’s undertaking, the

Sch. 4

2316

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

See. 4 rights and liabilities under any agreement for the rendering of personal services by any person (hereafter in this paragraph referred to as "an employee*’) shall be transferred only if immediately before the transfer date the employee is employed wholly or mainly for the purposes of the part of the transferor’s undertaking which is transferred.

(3) The transferor, the transferee or the employee may apply to the Minister to determine whether or not rights and liabilities in respect of the employee’s services under any particular agreement are transferred, and the Minister’s decision on the application shall be final.

(4) Any right to services transferred shall have effect on and after the transfer date as a right not only to the services to which the agreement relates but also to any reasonably comparable services under the transferee to be selected by the transferee; and any dispute between the transferee and the employee as to what are reasonably comparable services for the purposes of this sub-paragraph may be reported to the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity by the transferee and, if a dispute so reported is not otherwise disposed of, that Secretary of State shall refer it for determination by the industrial court.

Right to production of documents of title

3. Where on any transfer to which this Schedule applies the transferor is entitled to retain possession of any documents relating in part to the title to, or to the management of, any land or other property transferred to the transferee, the transferor shall be deemed to have given to the transferee an acknowledgment in writing of the right of the transferee to production of that document and to delivery of copies thereof; and, in England and Wales, section 64

1925 c. 20. of the Law of Property Act 1925 shall have effect accordingly, and on the basis that the acknowledgment did not contain any such expression of contrary intention as is mentioned in that section.

Perfection of vesting of certain property or rights

4. Where in the case of any transfer to which this Schedule applies any properly or rights which fall to be transferred to the transferee cannot be properly vested in the transferee by virtue of this Act because transfers thereof are governed otherwise than by the law of a part of Great Britain, the transferor shall take all practicable steps for the purpose of securing that the ownership of the property or, as the case may be, the right is effectively transferred.

Proof of title by certificate

5. In the case of any transfer to which this Schedule applies, a joint certificate by or on behalf of the Railways Board and the Freight Corporation, or by or on behalf of the Railways Board and the Scottish Group, that any property specified in the certificate, or any such interest in or right over any such property as may be so specified, or any right or liability so specified, is by virtue of this Act for the time being vested in, or in such wholly-owned subsidiary of, such one of the certifying authorities as may be so

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2317

specified shall be conclusive evidence for all purposes of that fact; and if on the expiration of one month after a request from one of those authorities for the preparation of such a joint certificate as respects any property, interest, right or liability, the authorities concerned have failed to agree on the terms of the certificate, they shall refer the matter to the Minister and issue the certificate in such terms as the Minister may direct.

Restrictions on dealing with certain land

6. If the Minister is satisfied on the representation of the Railways Board, the Freight Corporation or the Scottish Group that, in consequence of a transfer to which this Schedule applies, different interests in land, whether the same or different land, are held by, or by a wholly-owned subsidiary of, that authority and by, or by a wholly-owned subsidiary of, another of those authorities and that the circumstances are such that this paragraph should have effect, the Minister may direct that this paragraph shall apply to such of that land as may be specified in the direction, and while that direction remains in force—

(a) none of those authorities or their subsidiaries entitled to any

interest in any of the specified land shall dispose of that interest except with the consent of the Minister;

(b) if in connection with any proposal to dispose of an interest

of one of those authorities or their subsidiaries in any of the specified land it appears to the Minister to be necessary or expedient for the protection of any other of them, the Minister may—

(i) require any of those authorities or their subsidiaries entitled to an interest in any of the specified land to dispose of that interest to such person and in such manner as may be specified in the requirement; or

(ii) require any of those authorities or their subsidiaries to acquire from any other of them any interest in any of the specified land to which that other authority or subsidiary is entitled; or

(iii) consent to the proposed disposal subject to compliance with such conditions as the Minister may see fit to impose;

but a person other than one of those authorities or their subsidiaries dealing with, or with a person claiming under, one of those authorities or subsidiaries shall not be concerned to see or inquire whether this paragraph applies or has applied in relation to any land to which the dealing relates or as to whether the provisions of this subsection have been complied with in connection with that or any other dealing with that land, and no transaction with or between persons other than those authorities or subsidiaries shall be invalid by reason of any failure to comply with those provisions.

Construction of agreements, statutory provisions and documents

7. Where in the case of any transfer to which this Schedule applies

any of the rights or liabilities transferred are rights or liabilities

Sch. 4

2318

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 4 under an agreement to which the transferor was a party immediately before the transfer date, whether in writing or not, and whether or not of such nature that rights and liabilities thereunder could be assigned by the transferor, that agreement shall have effect on and after the transfer date as if—

(a) the transferee had been a party to the agreement, and (b) for any reference (however worded and whether express or implied) to the transferor there were substituted, as respects anything falling to be done on or after the transfer date, a reference to the transferee, and

(c) any reference (however worded and whether express or

implied) to any officer or any servant of the transferor were, as respects anything falling to be done on or after the transfer date, a reference to such person as the transferee may appoint or, in default of appointment, to the officer or servant of the transferee who corresponds as nearly as may be to that officer or servant of the transferor, and

(d) where the agreement refers to property, rights or liabilities

which fall to be apportioned or divided between the transferor and the transferee, as if the agreement constituted two separate agreements separately enforceable by and against the transferor and the transferee respectively as regards the part of the property, rights and liabilities retained by the transferor or, as the case may be, the part thereof vesting in the transferee and not as regards the other part;

and sub-paragraph ( d) of this paragraph shall apply in particular to the covenants, stipulations and conditions of any lease by or to the transferor.

8. Save as otherwise provided by any provision of this Act (whether expressly or by necessary implication) paragraph 7 of this Schedule, except sub-paragraph (a) thereof, shall apply in relation to any statutory provision, any provision of any agreement to which the transferor was not a party, and any provision of any document other than an agreement, if and so far as the provision in question relates to any of the transferred rights and liabilities, as it applies in relation to an agreement to which the transferor was a party, and, in relation to any such statutory or other provision as aforesaid, references in sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) of that paragraph to the transferor and to any officers or servants of the transferor include references made by means of a general reference to a class of persons of which the transferor is one, without the transferor himself being specifically referred to.

9. On and after the transfer date for any transfer to which this Schedule applies, any statutory provision to which paragraph 2(3) of Schedule 6 to the Act of 1962 applies if and so far as the provision in question relates to any of the transferred rights and liabilities, shall have effect as if—

(a) any of the references modified by paragraph (a) of the said paragraph 2(3) were, as respects anything falling to be

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2319

done on or after the transfer date, a reference to such person as the transferee may appoint, and (b) any of the references modified by paragraph (b) of the said paragraph 2(3) were, as respects a period beginning with the transfer date, a reference to so much of the undertaking of the transferee as corresponds as mentioned in the said paragraph (b).

10. Without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of paragraphs 7 to 9 of this Schedule, the transferee under a transfer to which this Schedule applies and any other person shall, as from the transfer date, have the same rights, powers and remedies (and in particular the same rights and powers as to the taking or resisting of legal proceedings or the making or resisting of applications to any authority) for ascertaining, perfecting or enforcing any right or liability transferred to and vested in the transferee by virtue of this Act as he would have had if that right or liability had at all times been a right or liability of the transferee, and any legal proceedings or applications to any authority pending on the transfer date by or against the transferor, in so far as they relate to any property, right or liability transferred to the transferee by virtue of this Act, or to any agreement or enactment to any such property, right or liability shall be continued by or against the transferee to the exclusion of the transferor.

11. If. in the case of any transfer to which this Schedule applies the effect of any agreement, and in particular any agreement under the Railway Road Transport Acts of 1928 mentioned in paragraph 1 of Part II of Schedule 2 to the Act of 1962, which was executed before the passing of this Act and to which the transferee is by virtue of this Act a party depends on whether the transferee has power to carry on any activity, it shall be assumed for the purposes of the agreement that any activity which requires the consent of the Minister under the Act of 1962 or this Act has been authorised by such a consent.

12. —(1) References in paragraphs 7 to 11 of this Schedule to agreements to which the transferor was a party and to statutory provisions include in particular references to agreements to which the transferor became a party by virtue of the Act of 1962 and statutory provisions which applied to the transferor by virtue of that Act.

(2) The provisions of the said paragraphs 7 to 11 shall have effect for the interpretation of agreements, statutory provisions and other instruments subject to the context, and shall not apply where the context otherwise requires.

Third parties affected by vesting provisions

13. —(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of paragraphs 7 to 12 of this Schedule, any transaction effected between a transferor and a transferee in pursuance of paragraph 1(5) or of a direction under paragraph 1(7) of this Schedule shall be binding on all other persons, and notwithstanding that it would, apart from this sub-paragraph, have required the consent or concurrence of any other person.

4 E

Sch. 4

2320

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 4 (2) It shall be the duty of the transferor and transferee, if they

effect any transaction in pursuance of the said paragraph 1(5) or a direction under the said paragraph 1(7), to notify any person who has rights or liabilities which thereby become enforceable as to part by or against the transferor and as to part by or against the transferee, and if such a person applies to the Minister and satisfies him that the transaction operated unfairly against him the Minister may give such directions to the transferor and the transferee as appear to him appropriate for varying the transaction.

(3) If in consequence of a transfer to which this Schedule applies or of anything done in pursuance of the provisions of this Schedule the rights or liabilities of any person other than one of the Boards or new authorities or a wholly-owned subsidiary thereof which were enforceable against or by the transferor become enforceable as to part against or by the transferor and as to part against or by the transferee, and the value of any property or interest of that person is thereby diminished, such compensation as may be just shall be paid to that person by the transferor, the transferee or both, and any dispute as to whether and if so how much compensation is so payable, or as to the person to whom it shall be paid, shall be referred to and determined by an arbitrator appointed by the Lord Chancellor or, where the proceedings are to be held in Scotland, by an arbiter appointed by the Lord President of the Court of Session.

(4) Where the transferor or the transferee under a transfer to which this Schedule applies purports by any conveyance or transfer to transfer to some person other than one of the Boards or new authorities or a wholly-owned subsidiary thereof for consideration any land or any other property which before the transfer date belonged to the transferor, or which is an interest in property which before that date belonged to the transferor, the conveyance or transfer shall be as effective as if both the transferor and the transferee had been parties thereto and had thereby conveyed or transferred all their interest in the property conveyed or transferred.

(5) If at any stage of any court proceedings to which the transferor or transferee under a transfer to which this Schedule applies and a person other than one of the Boards or new authorities or a wholly-owned subsidiary thereof are parties, it appears to the court that the issues in the proceedings depend on the identification or definition of any of the property, rights or liabilities transferred which the transferor and the transferee have not yet effected, or to raise a question of construction on the relevant provisions of this Act which would not arise if the transferor and the transferee constituted a single person, the court may, if it thinks fit on the application of a party to the proceedings other than such a body as aforesaid, hear and determine the proceedings on the footing that such one of the transferor and the transferee as is a party to the proceedings represents and is answerable for the other of them, and that the transferor and the transferee constitute a single person, and any judgment or order given by the courts, shall bind both the transferor and the transferee accordingly.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2321

(6) It shall be the duty of the transferor and the transferee under any transfer to which this Schedule applies to keep one another informed of any case where either of them may be prejudiced by sub-paragraph (4) or (5) of this paragraph, and if either the transferor or the transferee claims that he has been so prejudiced and that the other of them ought to indemnify or make a payment to him on that account and has unreasonably failed to meet that claim, he may refer the matter to the Minister for determination by the Minister.

SCHEDULE 5 Passenger Transport Authorities and Executives

Part I The Authority

1. The Authority established for a designated area under an order made under section 9(1) of this Act shall consist of—

(a) such number of members appointed respectively by such of

the councils of constituent areas, or by such two or more of those councils acting jointly, as may be specified in the order;

(b) such number of members not exceeding one-sixth of the aggregate number of the members appointed under sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph as the Minister may see fit to appoint from among persons appearing to him to have special knowledge or experience which would be of value to the Authority in the exercise of their functions;

and the chairman of the Authority shall be such one of their number as the members of the Authority may with the approval of the Minister appoint.

2. If and to such extent as it appears to him appropriate so to do, the Minister may, in determining the council or councils by whom members of the Authority are to be appointed under paragraph 1(a) of this Part of this Schedule, take into account the product of a rate of one penny in the pound for so much of the respective areas of the councils of constituent areas as falls within the designated area.

3. A person may be appointed as a member of the Authority for a designated area under the said paragraph 1(a) whether or not he is a member of the council or one of the councils by whom he is so appointed; but no person who is for the time being a member, officer or servant of the Executive for that designated area or who is for the time being a servant of a subsidiary of that Executive shall be appointed as a member of the Authority, and any person appointed to be a member of the Authority who subsequently becomes a member, officer or servant of that Executive or a servant of such a subsidiary shall forthwith vacate his membership of the Authority.

4. A person who at the date of his appointment as a member of the Authority under the said paragraph 1(a) was a member

4 E 2

Sch. 4

Section 9.

2322

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. of the council or one of the councils by whom he was so appointed but who subsequently ceases to be a member of that council shall upon so ceasing also vacate office as a member of the Authority but shall be eligible for re-appointment

5. If at any time not less than three months after the coming into force of the order under section 9(1) of this Act providing for the establishment of the Authority, or after a vacancy has arisen among the members of the Authority which falls to be filled by an appointment made under the said paragraph 1(a), the initial appointment of any member of the Authority falling to be made as aforesaid, or, as the case may be, an appointment to fill that vacancy, has not been made, the Minister, after consultation with the council or councils by whom the appointment falls to be made, may himself make the appointment on their behalf.

Part II

The Executive

1. The first persons to be appointed as the Director General or other members of the Executive for a designated area shall be appointed by the Authority for that area as soon as practicable after the establishment of that Authority.

2. No person who is for the time being a member of any of the councils of constituent areas shall be appointed as a member of the Executive, and any person appointed to be a member of the Executive who subsequently becomes a member of any of the councils of constituent areas shall forthwith vacate his membership of the Executive.

3. —(1) Subject to paragraph 2 of this Part of this Schedule a member of the Executive shall hold and vacate his office in accordance with the terms of his appointment by the Authority and shall, on ceasing to be a member, be eligible for reappointment

(2) Any member of the Executive may at any time by notice in writing to the Authority resign his office.

4. The Executive shall pay to or in respect of the members thereof such remuneration, allowances and pensions as the Authority may determine.

5. Without prejudice to section 10(l)(xxx) of this Act the Executive shall be deemed to be a local authority within the meaning of

1937 c. 68. the Local Government Superannuation Act 1937 or, as the case may

1937 c. 69. be, the Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Act 1937; and,

accordingly, in the definition of "local authority " in section 40(1) of the first-mentioned Act and in section 34(1) of the second-mentioned Act, at the end there shall be added the words Mand also includes the Executive for a designated area within the meaning of section 9(1) of the Transport Act 1968 ".

Part in

Matters which may be dealt with by order under s. 9(1)

1. The fixing and notification of the dates on which the Authority and Executive respectively are to be established.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2323

2. The incorporation of the Authority.

3. The appointment—

(a) in accordance with Part I of this Schedule of members of

the Authority; and

(b) by the Authority in accordance with section 9(1 of this

Act and Part II of this Schedule of members of the Executive.

4. The terms on which and period for which the members of the Authority are to hold office, and the vacation of office by those members.

5. The payment of allowances to, or to any class of, members of the Authority and the payment of remuneration to the chairman of the Authority.

6. The proceedings of the Authority and the Executive respectively.

7. The establishment by the Authority and the Executive respectively of committees and the composition of those committees, including the establishment of advisory committees consisting wholly or partly of persons who are not members of the Authority or Executive.

8. The delegation of functions by the Authority or the Executive to a committee or to the chairman of the Authority or, as the case may be, the Director General of the Executive.

9. The authentication of documents of the Authority and the Executive respectively and provision for the treatment of such documents as evidence, and in Scotland sufficient evidence, of such facts as may be specified by the order.

10. The appointment by, or provision by the Executive for, the Authority of officers and servants, and the payment of remuneration and allowances to any officers and servants appointed by the Authority.

11. Provision—

(a) for treating the Authority or any subsidiary of the Execu-

tive for the purposes of pensions to or in respect of persons who are or have been employed by them as if they were the Executive for a designated area;

(b) as to the fund in the benefits of which any persons who are or have been employed by the Authority, the Executive or a subsidiary of the Executive are to be entitled to participate;

(c) for the transfer to the authority administering that fund in

relation to any such persons, instead of to the Executive, of any other fund in the benefits of which those persons are entitled to participate which would otherwise fall to be transferred to the Executive by an order under section 17 of this Act

12. The provision of accommodation for the Authority by the Authority or by the Executive.

4 E 3

Sea.

2324

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 5

Section 19.

13. Provision applying, with or without modifications, to the Authority or the Executive, or to persons who are or have been members of the Authority or the Executive, or officers or servants of the Authority, the Executive or any subsidiary of the Executive, any enactment or instrument made under an enactment relating, as the case may be, to, or to persons who are or have been members of, or officers or servants of, local authorities or local authorities of a particular description.

14. The making of reports and the furnishing of information by the Authority and Executive to the Minister.

15. Any particular matters to be dealt with in the annual report of the Authority and the Executive under section 16 of this Act.

16. Provision for the person or persons by whom a member of the Authority is appointed to appoint also a deputy to act in that member’s place at any meeting of the Authority from which that member is absent, and for applying in relation to any such deputy, with or without modifications, any provision with respect to mem* bers of the Authority made by this Act or by the order.

17. Provision, as respects any period before the Authority appoint or are provided with their own officers and servants, for the discharge of functions of officers or servants of the Authority (including the convening of the first meeting of the Authority) by such officers or servants of such of the councils of constituent areas as may be determined in accordance with the order.

SCHEDULE 6

Provisions as to Existing Operators and Servicbs on Making of Order under . 19(1)

Introductory

1. The provisions of this Schedule shall have effect with respect to a designated area upon the appointment of a date in relation to that area under section 19(1) of this Act; and in this Schedule—

"the appointed date" means the date appointed as aforesaid in relation to the designated area in question;

"existing operator" means a person who immediately before the appointed date was providing an area bus service in that area, not being a subsidiary of the Executive;

" existing service " means that area bus service;

"prescribed" means prescribed by regulations under section 21(5) of this Act;

" the relevant road service licence " means the road service licence under which as granted, or, as the case may require, under which as backed under section 137 of the Act of 1960, the existing service was provided immediately before the appointed date.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2325

Right to consent for continuance of existing service

2. If an existing operator applies to the Executive within the prescribed period and in the prescribed manner for the Executive's consent under this Schedule to the continuance by that operator of an existing service, the Executive shall, subject to paragraphs 3 and 14 of this Schedule, grant that consent and attach thereto the like conditions (and no others) as were attached to the relevant road service licence so far as those conditions relate to the carriage of persons who are both taken up and set down in the designated area in question.

3. Subject to paragraph 8 of this Schedule, the Executive may refuse an application under paragraph 2 thereof if the applicant has, during the period of six months ending with the appointed date, contravened any condition attached to the relevant road service licence.

4. Notwithstanding anything in section 19(2) of this Act, an existing operator who has duly applied for a consent under this Schedule in respect of any existing service may continue to provide that service as if the order under section 19(1) of this Act had not been made for any period—

(a) before he is notified of the grant or refusal of the consent; or

(b) while he is entitled under paragraph 9 of this Schedule to appeal against any condition attached to the consent or, if the consent is refused, against the refusal; or

(c) if such an appeal has been duly made, before the appeal is

determined or withdrawn.

Variation of conditions

5. The Executive—

(a) shall not unreasonably refuse any application by an existing operator for the variation of a condition attached to a consent granted under this Schedule; and

(b) may at any time without any such application by notice in writing to the operator make any reasonable variation of any such condition;

but no such variation shall be made which affects the carriage of persons other than persons who are both taken up and set down in the designated area in question.

Transfer of consent

6. —(1) Subject to sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph, while a consent under this Schedule in respect of an existing service remains in force, the Executive shall on the application of any successor in title to the undertaking of the existing operator concerned so far as it consists of the provision of that service grant the like consent to that successor in title.

(2) Where a consent has been granted under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph to a successor in title of an existing operator, any

4 E 4

Sch. 6

2326

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 6 reference in paragraph 4, 5, 8, 9, 10 or 14 of this Schedule to the existing operator shall be construed as including a reference to that successor in title.

(3) As from the date when an application under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph is made by a successor in title of an existing operator in relation to any consent granted under this Schedule in respect of an existing service, any reference in the said paragraph 4, 5, 8, 9, 10 or 14 to the existing operator shall, subject to sub-para-graph (4) of this paragraph, be construed as including a reference to that successor in title.

(4) Where a consent under this Schedule in respect of an existing service is in force but a notice of revocation thereof has been given under paragraph 10(1) of this Schedule, that notice shall apply to any like consent applied for under this paragraph in respect of that service as it applies to the existing consent and as if the notice had been served on the applicant as well as on the holder of the existing consent

Revocation of consent

7. Subject to paragraph 8 of this Schedule, a consent granted under this Schedule may be revoked at any time by the Executive—

(a) on the ground that any condition attached to the consent has been contravened; or

(b) on there coming to the notice of the Executive a contravention of a condition attached to the relevant road service licence which was not known to the Executive when the consent was granted, but, save in accordance with paragraph 10 of this Schedule, shall not be revoked on any other ground.

Limitation on power to refuse or revoke consent

8. The Executive shall not refuse a consent under paragraph 3 of this Schedule or revoke a consent under paragraph 7 thereof unless, owing to the frequency of the breach of conditions on the part of the existing operator, or to the breach having been committed wilfully, or to the danger to the public involved in the breach, the Executive are satisfied that the consent should be refused or revoked.

Appeals

9. —(1) An existing operator who is aggrieved by—

(a) any condition attached to a consent under paragraph 2 of this Schedule; or

(h) a refusal of a consent under paragraph 3 of this Schedule; or

(c) the refusal of an application under paragraph 5(a) of this

Schedule; or

(d) any variation of a condition under paragraph 5(h) of this Schedule; or

ie) the failure to grant a consent under paragraph 6 of this Schedule; or

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2327

if) the revocation of a consort under paragraph 7 of this Schedule,

may, within the prescribed period and in the prescribed manner, appeal to the traffic commissioners by whom the relevant road service licence was granted or, as the case may require, backed who may make such order as they think fit which shall be binding on the Executive.

(2) Any variation under paragraph 5(h) of this Schedule of a condition attached to a consent, and any revocation of a consent under paragraph 7 of this Schedule, shall not take effect until the expiration of the period prescribed for appealing against that variation or revocation or, if such an appeal is duly made, until the appeal is determined or withdrawn.

Conditional right to revoke consent

10.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, but subject to sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, the Executive may at any time by notice in writing to the existing operator concerned revoke as from a date specified in the notice, not being less than nine months after the date of the notice, any consent granted by the Executive under this Schedule; and any such notice shall specify a date, not being less than six months after the date of the Executive’s notice, by which any notice by the operator under sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph must be served on the Executive.

(2) Where a notice under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph is served on any operator, the operator may at any time not later than the date specified for the purpose in the Executive's notice serve on the Executive a notice in writing either—

(a) requiring the Executive to pay to the operator compensation computed in accordance with paragraph 11 of this Schedule in respect of—

(i) any diminution in the value of the assets of the operator’s relevant business; and

(ii) any expenditure, other than payment of income tax (including surtax), capital gains tax or corporation tax, incurred in winding up his relevant business or any part thereof,

which the operator shows to be attributable to the revocation; or

(b) requiring the Executive to purchase the operator’s relevant business at a price computed in accordance with paragraph 12 of this Schedule;

and, subject to any modification agreed between the operator and the Executive, the Executive shall comply with any such requirement duly made.

(3) In this paragraph and the said paragraphs 11 and 12—

"assets" means assets of any description and, subject to the provisions of the said paragraph 12, includes goodwill;

4 E*

Sch. 6

2328

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 6

" relevant business " in relation to an operator means so much of a business or undertaking of the operator as relates to the provision of road passenger transport services.

11. —XI) The amount of compensation payable in pursuance of a requirement under paragraph 10(2Xfl) of this Schedule in respect of the diminution in value of the assets of the operator’s relevant business shall be an amount equal to the difference between their market value immediately before the revocation in question and their market value immediately after that revocation.

(2) No compensation shall be paid in pursuance of such a requirement as aforesaid in respect of any expenditure incurred in winding up the whole or part of the operator’s relevant business in so far as that expenditure is taken into account in computing the amount of compensation payable to him under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph.

(3) In this paragraph * market value ", in relation to any assets, means the amount which they would have fetched if sold in the open market by a willing seller to a willing buyer.

12. The price payable for an operator’s relevant business in pursuance of a requirement under paragraph 10(2X6) of this Schedule shall be the sum (not being less than the amount, if any, by which the value of the assets comprised therein, other than goodwill, exceeds the aggregate of the liabilities of that business) which the relevant business might have been expected to realise if—

(a) the consent in question had not been revoked; and

(b) the relevant business had been sold as a going concern on the date when the revocation took effect in the open market by a willing seller to a willing buyer.

13. —(1) The amount of any compensation in pursuance of a requirement under sub-paragraph (a), or the price of any purchase in pursuance of a requirement under sub-paragraph (6), of paragraph 10(2) of this Schedule, if not agreed between the Executive and the operator within six months of the service by the operator of his notice under the said paragraph 10(2), shall be determined by an arbitrator (or in Scotland an arbiter) appointed on the application of either party by the Minister.

(2) Where any such amount or price falls to be determined in Scotland by an arbiter—

(a) the arbiter shall have the like powers for securing the

attendance of witnesses and the production of documents, and with regard to the swearing of witnesses on oath and the awarding of expenses, as if the arbitration were under a submission;

(b) the arbiter may, and if so directed by the Court of Session shall, state a case for the opinion of that Court on any question of law arising in the proceedings; and

(c) any award of the arbiter may be recorded in the Books of

Council and Session for execution, and may be enforced accordingly.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2329

Nullification of consent

14. An existing operator shall not be entitled to the grant by the Executive of a consent under this Schedule with respect to any existing service if the operator has entered into an agreement with the Executive with respect to that service under section 19(2) of this Act; and where an existing operator has entered into such an agreement with the Executive with respect to any existing service, any consent with respect to that service granted to that operator by the Executive under this Schedule shall be of no effect.

Variation of route of existing service

15. Where, in the case of any existing service in respect of which a consent under this Schedule is in force, the route authorised for that service by the relevant road service licence becomes impracticable but a variation of a minor nature only in that route would enable that service to be continued in substantially the same form, paragraph 5 and paragraph 9(1 )(c) and (d) of this Schedule shall apply to that variation as if it were a variation of a condition attached to the consent, but as if—

(a) in the said paragraph 5 the words from " but " onwards, and

(b) sub-paragraph (2) of the said paragraph 9,

were omitted; and any reference in this Schedule to an existing service shall be construed as a reference to that service with any variation thereof by virtue of this paragraph.

SCHEDULE 7

Bodies whose Securities are Transferred to Bus Company

Aldershot and District Traction Company Limited.

Amalgamated Passenger Transport Limited.

Bath Electric Tramways Limited.

Bath Tramways Motor Company Limited.

The Birmingham and District Investment Trust Limited.

The Birmingham and Midland Motor Omnibus Company Limited. Brighton, Hove and District Omnibus Company Limited.

Bristol Commercial Vehicles Limited.

Bristol Omnibus Company Limited.

British Transport Advertising Limited.

The City of Oxford Motor Services Limited.

Cheltenham District Traction Company.

Crosville Motor Services Limited.

Cumberland Motor Services Limited.

The Devon General Omnibus and Touring Company Limited. Durham District Services Limited.

East Kent Road Car Company Limited.

East Midland Motor Services Limited.

East Yorkshire Motor Services Limited.

Eastern Coach Works Limited.

Eastern Counties Omnibus Company Limited.

The Eastern National Omnibus Company Limited.

Greenslades Tours Limited.

Hants and Dorset Motor Services Limited.

4 E* 2

Sch. 6

Section 28.

2330

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 7 Hebble Motor Services Limited.

Lincolnshire Road Car Company Limited.

London Coastal Coaches Limited.

The Maidstone and District Motor Services Limited. Mansfield District Traction Company.

The Mexborough and Swinton Traction Company Limited. The Midland General Omnibus Company Limited.

Neath and Cardiff Luxury Coaches Limited.

North Western Road Car Company Limited.

The Northern General Transport Company Limited. Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Traction Company. Newbury and District Motor Services Limited.

Otley Omnibus Stations Limited.

Park Royal Vehicles Limited.

The Potteries Motor Traction Company Limited.

Red and White Services Limited.

The Rhondda Transport Company Limited.

Ribble Motor Services Limited.

Shamrock and Rambler Motor Coaches Limited.

South Midland Motor Services Limited.

The South Wales Transport Company Limited.

Southdown Motor Services Limited.

The Southern National Omnibus Company Limited.

The Southern Vectis Omnibus Company Limited.

T.H.C. Bus Nominees Limited.

The Thames Valley Traction Company Limited.

Thomas Brothers (Port Talbot) Limited.

Throughways Transport Limited.

Tillings Transport (T.H.C.) Limited.

A. Timpson and Sons Limited.

Trent Motor Traction Company Limited.

United Automobile Services Limited.

United Counties Omnibus Company Limited.

United Welsh Services Limited.

West Riding Automobile Company Limited.

West Yorkshire Road Car Company Limited.

The Western National Omnibus Company Limited.

Western Welsh Omnibus Company Limited.

Wilts and Dorset Motor Services Limited.

The Yorkshire Traction Company Limited.

Yorkshire Woollen District Transport Company Limited.

Section 32.

SCHEDULE 8

New Bus Grants—Supplementary Provisions

1. Any person who for the purpose of an application for a grant under section 32 of this Act knowingly or recklessly makes any statement or produces any document which is false in a material particular shall be guilty of an offence and liable—

(a) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400; or

(b) on conviction on indictment to a fine, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or to both.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2331

2. The Minister may by notice require any person who has received a grant under the said section 32, and any person acting on his behalf, to furnish to the Minister such information, or to produce for examination on behalf of the Minister such books, records or other documents, as may be specified in the notice for the purpose of enabling the Minister to determine whether any condition subject to which the grant is made is satisfied or is being complied with or whether the grant has become repayable in whole or in part in accordance with any such condition.

3. A notice under paragraph 2 of this Schedule may require the information to which it relates to be furnished within such time as may be specified in the notice, and may require the documents to which it relates to be produced at such time and place as may be so specified; but the time specified in such a notice for furnishing any information or producing any document shall not be earlier than the end of the period of twenty-eight days beginning with the service of the notice.

4. A notice under paragraph 2 of this Schedule may be served—

(a) by delivering it to the person on whom it is to be served;

(b) by leaving it at the usual or last known place of abode of that person;

(c) by sending it by registered letter, or by the recorded delivery

service, addressed to that person at his usual or last known place of abode; or

(d) in the case of an incorporated company or body, by delivering it to the secretary or clerk of the company or body at their registered or principal office, or sending it by registered letter, or by the recorded delivery service, addressed to the secretary or clerk of the company or body at that office.

5. Any person who, in purported compliance with a notice under paragraph 2 of this Schedule, knowingly or recklessly makes any statement or produces any document which is false in a material particular shall be guilty of an offence and liable—

(a) on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £400; or

(b) on conviction on indictment to a fine, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or to both.

6. Any person who without reasonable excuse fails to comply with a notice under paragraph 2 of this Schedule shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100 or, on a second or subsequent conviction, £400.

7. Any person who without reasonable excuse fails to comply with any condition subject to which a grant was made to him under the said section 32 requiring him to inform the Minister of any event whereby the grant becomes repayable in whole or in part shall be guilty of an offence and liable—

(a) on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400; or

(b) on conviction on indictment, to a fine.

4 E* 3

Sch. 8

2332

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 8

1952 c. 55.

1954 c. 48.

Section 65.

8. Notwithstanding anything in section 104 of the Magistrates’ Courts Act 1952 (time limit for proceedings), summary proceedings in England and Wales for an offence under paragraph 7 of this Schedule may be taken by the Minister or the Director of Public Prosecutions at any time within twelve months from the date on which evidence sufficient in the opinion of the Minister or the Director, as the case may be, to justify the proceedings comes to his knowledge but no such proceedings shall be taken more than three years after the commission of the offence.

9. Summary proceedings in Scotland for an offence under para* graph 7 of this Schedule shall not be commenced after the expiration of three years from the commission of the offence, but subject to the foregoing limitation and notwithstanding anything in section 23 of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act 1954, such proceedings may be commenced at any time within twelve months after the date on which evidence sufficient in the opinion of the Lord Advocate to justify the proceedings comes to his knowledge or. where such evidence was reported to him by the Minister, within twelve months after the date on which it came to the Minister's knowledge; and subsection (2) of the said section 23 shall apply for the purposes of this paragraph as it applies for the purposes of that section.

10. For the purposes of paragraphs 8 and 9 of this Schedule, a certificate of the Minister, the Director of Public Prosecutions or the Lord Advocate, as the case may be, as to the date on which such evidence as aforesaid came to his knowledge shall be conclusive evidence of that fact

11. —(1) Where an offence under this Schedule committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

(2) In the foregoing sub-paragraph "director", in relation to a body corporate established by or under any enactment for the purpose of carrying on under national ownership any industry or part of an industry or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed by its members, means a member of that body corporate.

SCHEDULE 9 Transport Managers* Licences Classes of licences

1. There shall be such classes of transport manager's licences as may be prescribed.

Issue of licences

2.—(1) An application for a transport manager’s licence shall be made to the licensing authority for the area in which the applicant

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2333

resides or. if he does not reside in any area for which there is a licensing authority, to the licensing authority for the Metropolitan Traffic Area.

(2) A person applying for a transport manager's licence shall give to the licensing authority, in such form as the authority may require, such information as the authority may reasonably require for the discharge of his duties in relation to the application, and in particular such information as he may require with respect to the following matters—

(a) the previous experience (if any) of the applicant in connec-

tion with the operation or maintenance of vehicles of any description and the capacity in which that experience was gained;

(b) any transport manager’s licence previously held by the

applicant and any revocation or suspension of that licence;

(c) any disqualification imposed on the applicant under para-

graph 4(3) of this Schedule;

(d) any position carrying direct responsibility for the operation and maintenance of goods vehicles which the applicant holds or has been offered.

(3) On an application for a transport manager’s licence the licensing authority shall consider whether the following requirements are satisfied in the case of the applicant, that is to say—

(a) that he is a fit person to hold a transport manager’s licence;

(b) that he has such qualifications, experience and knowledge

as may be prescribed in relation to the class of licence applied for; and

(c) unless he is exempted from this paragraph by regulations,

that he has at some time during the period of ten years ending with the date of the application passed the test prescribed in relation to that class of licence or held a transport manager’s licence of that class;

and, if the licensing authority is of opinion that those requirements are so satisfied, he shall, subject to sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph, grant the licence applied for.

(4) Until provision is made by regulations in relation to any class of licence for the test mentioned in paragraph (c) of the last foregoing sub-paragraph—

(a) that sub-paragraph shall have effect in relation to any

application for a licence of that class as if the said paragraph

(c) were omitted; and

(b) the licensing authority may refuse to grant such a licence unless the applicant holds, or is entitled under a contract to take up, a position carrying direct responsibility for the operation and maintenance of goods vehicles.

(5) In this paragraph references to responsibility for the operation of any vehicles include (without prejudice to the generality of that expression) references to responsibility for securing that the drivers

4 E* 4

Sch. 9

2334

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 9 of the vehicles are properly licensed and comply with Part VI of this Act or, so long as those sections remain in force, sections 73 and 186 of the Act of 1960.

Duration of licences

3.—(1) Subject to sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, a transport manager's licence shall, unless previously revoked, continue in force for five years from the date on which it is expressed to come into force.

(2) If at the date on which such a licence is due to expire, proceedings are pending before the licensing authority on an application by the holder of that licence for the grant to him of a new licence in substitution therefor, the existing licence shall continue in force until—

(a) the application; and

(b) any appeal under paragraph 5 of this Schedule arising out of the application,

are disposed of, without prejudice however to the exercise in the meantime of the powers conferred by paragraph 4 of this Schedule.

Revocation and suspension

4.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, any licensing authority may direct that a transport manager’s licence be revoked or suspended on the ground that the holder of the licence—

(a) has been convicted of an offence specified in regulations: or

(b) has by his act or omission contributed to the giving of a direction under section 69 of this Act in relation to an operator’s licence held by him, by a person in whose employment he is, by a company of which he is a director or by a person in partnership with whom he operated the authorised vehicles;

and during any time of suspension the transport manager’s licence shall be of no effect.

(2) A licensing authority shall not give a direction under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph in respect of any licence unless he is satisfied that, owing to the frequency with which the bolder of the licence has been guilty of offences, acts or omissions which are grounds for the giving of such a direction or to the facts of the particular case being for any other reason sufficiently serious, such a direction should be given.

(3) Where a licensing authority directs that a transport manager's licence be revoked the authority may order the person who was the holder thereof to be disqualified, indefinitely or for such period as the authority thinks fit or until he has, since the date of the order, passed the appropriate test mentioned in paragraph 2(3X0 of

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2335

this Schedule, from holding or obtaining any, or any specified class of, *Sch. 9 transport manager’s licence; and so long as the disqualification is in force—

(a) notwithstanding anything in paragraph 2 of this Schedule,

no transport manager’s licence or, as the case may be, no such licence of the specified class shall be granted to him and any such licence obtained by him shall be of no effect; and

(b) if he applies for or obtains such a licence he shall be liable

on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.

(4) A licensing authority who has made an order under sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph may, in such circumstances as may be prescribed, cancel that order.

(5) A licensing authority shall not exercise any of his powers under sub-paragraph (1) or (3) of this paragraph in respect of any licence or the holder of any licence without first holding an inquiry, if the holder of the licence requests him to do so.

(6) A licensing authority may direct that any direction or order given or made by him under sub-paragraph (1) or (3) of this paragraph shall not take effect until the expiration of the time within which an appeal may be made to the Transport Tribunal against the direction or order and, if such an appeal is made, until the appeal has been disposed of; and if the licensing authority refuses to give a direction under this sub-paragraph the holder of the licence may apply to the tribunal for such a direction, and the tribunal shall give its decision on the application within fourteen days.

Rights of appeal

5. A person who—

(a) being an applicant for a transport manager’s licence, is aggrieved by the refusal of the application; or

(b) being the holder of such a licence, is aggrieved by any direction or order of a licensing authority under paragraph 4(1) or (3) of this Schedule,

may appeal to the Transport Tribunal.

Regulations

6.—(1) The Minister may make regulations for any purpose for which regulations may be made under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule and for prescribing anything which may be prescribed thereunder and generally for the purpose of carrying those provisions into effect and may, in particular, by regulations—

(a) make provision with respect to the test mentioned in paragraph 2(3Xc) of this Schedule and, in particular, the nature of the test, the qualifications, selection, appointment and removal of the persons by whom the test may be conducted, and evidence of the results of the test;

2336

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 9

(b) require applicants for that test to have such qualifications, experience and knowledge as may be prescribed;

(c) require the payment of a fee of a prescribed amount by a

person who applies for that test and provide for the repayment of any such fee in the prescribed circumstances;

(d) provide for any question whether that test has in any particular case been properly conducted in accordance with the regulations to be determined by a magistrates* court or, in Scotland, the sheriff, and enable the court or the sheriff, on making such a determination, to exercise such powers as may be prescribed;

(e) provide that a person submitting himself for, but failing to

pass, that test shall not be eligible to submit himself for another test before the expiration of a prescribed period, except under an order made by a court or sheriff by virtue of paragraph (d) of this sub-paragraph;

if) make provision for preventing a person holding more than one transport manager’s licence of the same class and for facilitating the identification of holders of such licences;

(g) make provision with respect to applications for and the issue of transport managers* licences;

(h) make provision with respect to the custody and production of transport managers* licences and require the return to a prescribed licensing authority of any such licence which has expired or been revoked or suspended;

(0 provide for the issue of a new transport manager’s licence in place of a licence lost or defaced on payment of the prescribed fee;

and different provision may be made by the regulations for different cases.

(2) Any person who contravenes a provision of regulations under this paragraph, a contravention of which is declared by the regulations to be an offence, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £20.

Power to modify foregoing provisions

7.—(1) The Minister may by regulations modify the foregoing provisions of this Schedule in any respect, or substitute for any of them such other provisions relating to transport managers’ licences as may be specified in the regulations.

(2) Regulations under this paragraph may make different provision for different cases and may contain such transitional and supplementary provisions as the Minister thinks necessary or expedient.

(3) Regulations under this paragraph shall not increase any penalty specified in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule as originally enacted or create any offences other than offences punishable on summary conviction with a fine not exceeding £50 or any lesser amount specified in the regulations.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2337

SCHEDULE 10 Section 94.

Amendments Consequential on Part V Part I

The Road Haulagb Wages Act 1938 1938 c. 44.

Provision Amendment

Section 4(2) (work to After the word "1933 " there shall be which Part II applies). inserted the words " or (not being so

specified) used wholly or mainly for a purpose for which, but for section 93 of the Transport Act 1968 (exemption for certain vehicles), such a licence would be required

At the end of the proviso there shall be added the words " or to work in connection with a vehicle which is being used by, or by a subsidiary of, any of the Boards established by section 1 of the Transport Act 1962, by, or by a subsidiary of, the National Freight Corporation, the National Bus Company or the Scottish Transport Group or by a subsidiary of the Transport Holding Company ".

The Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1958 1958 c. 66.

Schedule 1, paragraph For the words "Part I of the Road and 21(6) (tribunals rele- Rail Traffic Act 1933 " there shall be vant for the purposes substituted the words " Part IV of the

of that Act). Road Traffic Act 1960 or Part V of the

Transport Act 1968

The Road Traffic Act 1960 1960 c. 16.

Section 123 (appointment In subsections (2) and (3) the references to of deputies to traffic Part IV of the Act of 1960 shall include commissioners). references to Part V of this Act

Section 183(1) (powers of The reference to Part IV of the Act of 1960 vehicle examiners). shall include a reference to Part V of this

Act.

Section 232(1)(6) (duty to The reference to section 164(1) of the Act give information as to of 1960 shall include a reference to identity of driver). sections 60 and 71 of this Act.

Section 233(1) (forgery of In paragraph (a) the reference to any licence documents etc.). under any Part of the Act of 1960 shall

include a reference to any licence or authorisation under Part V of this Act or Schedule 9 thereto.

2338

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sea. 10

1962 c. 46.

Provision

Section 233(1) (forgery of documents etc.). (cont.)

Section 235(1) (false statements in connection with licences).

Section 247 (destination of fines).

Sections 248 and 249 (inquiries).

Section 255 (method of calculating weight of vehicles).

Section263(l)(protection of public interests).

Section 269 (saving for law of nuisance).

Amendment

In paragraph (c) the reference to Part IV of the Act of 1960 shall include a reference to Part V of this Act, and that paragraph shall be deemed to include a reference to any means of identification required to be carried on, or by the driver of, a vehicle in pursuance of the provisions of the said Part V relating to special authorisations.

In paragraph (d) the reference to Part IV of the Act of 1960 shall include a reference to Part V of this Act.

The reference to a licence under any Part of the Act of 1960 shall include a reference to any licence or authorisation under Part V of this Act or Schedule 9 thereto.

References to the Act of 1960 or the foregoing provisions thereof shall include references to Part V of this Act and Schedule 9 thereto.

The references to the Act of 1960 shall include references to Part V of this Act and Schedule 9 thereto.

The reference to the Act of 1960 shall include a reference to Part V of this Act.

The reference to Part IV of the Act of 1960 shall include a reference to Part V of this Act and Schedule 9 thereto and the references to a licence shall include references to a special authorisation.

The reference to the Act of 1960 shall include a reference to Part V of this Act

The Transport Act 1962 Section 57 (the Transport In subsections (4) and (5) the references to Tribunal). Part IV of the Act of 1960 shall include

references to Part V of this Act and Schedule 9 thereto.

In subsection (4) after the words " shall consist " there shall be inserted the words " except for the purpose of exercising the jurisdiction of the tribunal under Part V of, or Schedule 9 to, the Transport Act 1968 ".

Schedule 10, paragraphs The references to Part IV of the Act of 6(1) and 9(b) (special 1960 shall include references to Part V panel and expenses of of this Act and Schedule 9 thereto, tribunal).

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2339

Part n Sch. 10

Amendments as from Appointed Day for purposes of s. 94(8)

The Road Haulage Wages Act 1938 1938 c. 44.

Provision Amendment

Section 4(2) (work to For the words from "specified" to the which Part II applies). beginning of the proviso there shall be

substituted the words "specified in an operator’s licence granted under Part V of the Transport Act 1968 or (not being so specified) used wholly or mainly for a purpose for which, but for section 60(2 )(a) of that Act (exemption for small

vehicles), such a licence would be required

Section 7(8) (enforcement For the words from " Part I " to " required" of payment of statutory there shall be substituted the words

remuneration where " Part V of the Transport Act 1968 of

vehicle is used without using a goods vehicle for a purpose for carrier’s licence). which an operator’s licence is required "

and for the words "specified in an A licence, a B licence or a C licence granted under that Act as the case may be" there shall be substituted the words " specified in an operator’s licence granted under the said Part V

Section 15 (interpreta- In subsection (1), the words "A licence ", tion). " B licence " and " C licence " shall be

omitted, and for the words " Part I of the Road and Rail Traffic Act 1933 " there shall be substituted the words " Part V of the Transport Act 1968 ".

In subsection (2), for the words " paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of subsection (6) of section 2 of the Road and Rail Traffic Act 1933 " there shall be substituted the words " paragraph (b) or (c) of section 61(1) of the Transport Act 1968 ", the words from " being a motor vehicle " to "trailer" shall be omitted and for the words " specified in an A licence or a B licence" there shall be substituted the words " specified in an operator’s licence

In the proviso, paragraphs (a) and (6) shall be omitted and, m paragraph (c), the words "whatever classes of such licences are held " shall be omitted and for the words " Part I of the said Act " there shall be substituted the words " Part V of the Transport Act 1968

2340

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sea. 10 i960 c. 16.

1962 c. 46.

The Road Traffic Act 1960

Provision

Section 123(2) and (3) (appointment of deputies to traffic commissioners).

Section 183(1) (powers of vehicle examiners).

Section 185(4) (notification of withdrawal or removal of prohibition of use of unfit goods vehicle).

Section 191(1) ...

Section 232(1)(fc) (duty to give information as to identity of driver).

Section 233(1) (forgery of documents etc.).

Section263(l) (protection of public interests).

Section 265(2) (construction of references to licensing authorities for goods vehicles).

Amendment

For the references to Part IV of the Act of 1960 there shall be substituted references to Part V of this Act.

For the reference to Part IV of the Act of 1960 there shall be substituted a reference to Part V of this Act.

For the words " to the licensing authority by whom the carrier’s licence was granted" there shall be substituted the words 44 within the meaning of Part V of the Transport Act 1968, to the licensing authority by whom the operator’s licence (within the meaning of the said Part V) was granted for the vehicle ".

After the definition of44 goods vehicle " there shall be inserted the words 44 4 licensing authority' means a licensing authority for the purposes of Part V of the Transport Act 1968 ".

For the words 44any offence under subsection (1) of section 164 " there shall be substituted the words44 any offence under section 60 or 71 of the Transport Act 1968 ".

In paragraphs (c) and (d), for the references to Part IV of the Act of 1960 there shall be substituted references to Part V of this Act

For the reference to Part IV of the Act of 1960 there shall be substituted a reference to Part V of this Act and Schedule 9 thereto.

For the words "Part IV of this Act" there shall be substituted the words 44 Part V of the Transport Act 1968 ".

The Transport Act 1962

Section 57 (the Transport In subsection (4), for the words 44 Part IV Tribunal). of the Road Traffic Act 1960 (which

relates to road carriers* licences) " there shall be substituted the words 44 Part V of, and Schedule 9 to, the Transport Act 1968 (which relate to the regulation of the carriage of goods by road) ".

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2341

Provision Amendment

Section 57 (the Transport In subsection (5), for the words " Part IV Tribunal), (cont.) of the Road Traffic Act 1960 " there

shall be substituted the words 44 Part V of, or Schedule 9 to, the Transport Act 1968 ".

Schedule 10, paragraphs 6(1) and 9(b) (special panel and expenses of tribunal).

For the words "Part IV of the Road Traffic Act I960" there shall be substituted the words "Part V of, and Schedule 9 to, the Transport Act 1968 ".

The Road Safety Act 1967

Section 16(8X&) (notification of prohibition of driving of unfit goods vehicle).

For the words from "Part IV of the principal Act " to the end there shall be substituted the words "Part V of the Transport Act 1968, of the licensing authority by whom the operator’s licence (within the meaning of the said Part V) was granted for the vehicle ".

SCHEDULE 11

Amendments Consequential on Part VI

The Road Haulage Wages Act 1938 Provision Amendment

Section 11(1 )(a)(produc- For the words "section 16 of that Act" tion of records). there shall be substituted the words

44 Part VI of the Transport Act 1968

The Road Traffic Act 1960

Section 232(1) (duty to give information as to identity of driver).

Section 244 (time for commencing summary proceedings).

Section 247 (destination of fines).

The word 44 and " at the end of paragraph

(d) shall be omitted and after paragraph

(e) there shall be added 44 and

(/) to any offence under Part VI of the Transport Act 1968

The words 44 an offence under section 234 thereof consisting in the alteration of an entry made in a record under section 186 thereof" shall be omitted and after the words 44236 thereof" there shall be inserted the words 44 or an offence under section 99(5) of the Transport Act 1968 ".

References to the Act of 1960 or the foregoing provisions thereof shall include references to Part VI of this Act.

Section 255 (method of The reference to the of Act 1960 shall include calculating weight of a reference to Part VI of this Act. vehicles).

SCH. 10 1967 c. 30.

Section 103. 1938 c. 44.

1960 c. 16.

2342

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

sch. ir

1959 c. 69.

Section 104.

Provision Amendment

Section 259(1) (ex- For the word "None" there shall be elusion for tramcars substituted the words " Neither Part VI and trolley vehicles). of the Transport Act 1968 nor any " and

the words " and 73 " shall be omitted.

Schedule 14 (matters Paragraph 1 shall have effect, except as relevant to grant or respects convictions before the day on

revocation of licences), which sections 96 and 98 of this Act

come into force, with the omission of sub-paragraph (c) and, in sub-paragraph

(d), the words "hours of work"; and after that paragraph there shall be inserted—

" 1 A. A conviction, in relation to an authorised vehicle, of the holder of the licence or a servant or agent of his under section 96, 97 or 98 of the Transport Act 1968.".

The Wages Councils Act 1959

Section 19(3X6) (pro- For the words "section 16 of that Act" duction of records). there shall be substituted the words " Part

VI of the Transport Act 1968 ",

SCHEDULE 12 Commercial and Cruising Waterways

Part I Commercial Waterways

The main navigable channels of the following waterways:—

The Aire and Calder Navigation from the tail of River Lock, Leeds, and from the Calder and Hebble navigation at Wakefield, to its entrance to Goole Docks and to its junction with the River Ouse at Selby.

The Calder and Hebble Navigation from the tail of Greenwood Lock to its junction with the Aire and Calder Navigation at Wakefield.

The Caledonian Canal.

The Crinan Canal.

The Sheffield and South Yorkshire Navigation from the tail of the bottom lock at Tinsley to its junction with the River Trent at Keadby.

The New Junction Canal connecting the Sheffield and South Yorkshire Navigation with the Aire and Calder Navigation.

The Trent Navigation from the tail of Meadow Lane Lock, Nottingham, to Gainsborough Bridge.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2343

The Weaver Navigation and the Weston Canal from Winsford Sea. 12 Bridge to the junctions with the Manchester Ship Canal at Marsh Lock and at Delamere Dock.

The River Severn from Stourport to its junction with the Gloucester and Sharpness Canal at Gloucester.

The Gloucester and Sharpness Canal.

The River Lee Navigation from Hertford to the River Thames at Limehouse and to the tail of Bow Locks.

Part n

Cruising Waterways

The main navigable channels of the following waterways: —

The Ashby Canal from its junction with the Coventry Canal to Snarestone.

The Birmingham Canal from its junction with the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal at Farmer’s Bridge and from its junction with the Worcester and Birmingham Canal at Worcester Bar to its junction with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal at Aldersley by way of the Birmingham level as far as the head of Factory Locks, Tipton, and thence by way of the Wolverhampton Level, including the branch leading to its junction with the Stourbridge Canal at Black Delph by way of the Netherton Tunnel.

The Birmingham and Fazeley Canal from its junction with the Birmingham Canal at Farmer’s Bridge to its junction with the Trent and Mersey Canal at Fradley, including the detached portion of the Coventry Canal between Huddlesford Junction and Fradley Junction and the Digbeth branch.

The Calder and Hebble Navigation from Sowerby Bridge to the tail of Greenwood Lock, including the Huddersfield Broad Canal to Aspley Basin.

The Chesterfield Canal from the tail of Morse Lock, Worksop, to its junction with the River Trent

The Coventry Canal from its junction with the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal at Fazeley to Coventry.

The Erewash Canal from Tam worth Road Bridge to its junction with the River Trent

The Fossdyke Navigation.

The Grand Union Canal from its junctions with the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal at Digbeth and Salford to its junctions with the River Thames at Brentford and at Regent’s Canal Dock, including the branches to Northampton and Aylesbury and the Hertford Union Canal leading to the River Lee at Old Ford.

The Grand Union Canal from Leicester to Norton Junction, including the branch to Market Harborough.

The Kennet and Avan Canal from High Bridge, Reading, to the tail of Tyle Mill Lock, and from the head of Bull's Lock to the tail of Hamstead Lock, and from the tail of Hanham Lock to the tail of the bottom lock at Bath.

2344

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 12 The Lancaster Canal from Preston to Tewitfield, including the branch to Glasson Dock.

The Leeds and Liverpool Canal from Old Roan Bridge, Ain tree, to Leeds, including the branches to Tarleton and Leigh.

The Macclesfield Canal.

The Oxford Canal from its junction with the Grand Union Canal at Braunston to its junction with the Coventry Canal at Hawkesbury and from its junction with the Grand Union Canal at Napton to Oxford, including the branch to the River Thames.

The Peak Forest Canal from the top of Marple Locks to Whaley Bridge.

The Ripon Canal from its junction with the River Ure to the tail of Littlethorpe Lock.

The Shropshire Union Canal from its junction with the Manchester Ship Canal at Ellesmere Port to its junction with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal at Autherley, including the branches to the River Dee at Chester, to Llantisilio and to Middle-wich.

The River Soar Navigation from its junction with the River Trent to Leicester.

The Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal.

The River Stort Navigation.

The Stourbridge Canal from its junction with the Birmingham Canal at Black Delph to its junction with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal at Stourton.

The Stratford-on-Avon Canal from its junction with the Worcester and Birmingham Canal at King’s Norton to its junction with the Grand Union Canal at Kingswood.

The Trent and Mersey Canal, including the branch to Hall Green.

The Trent Navigation from Shardlow to the tail of Meadow Lane Lock, Nottingham, by way of the Beeston Canal and part of the Nottingham Canal and including the branch to the River Soar and the length of the River Trent from its junction with the Nottingham Canal to Beeston Weir.

The River Ure Navigation from its junction with the Ripon Canal to Swale Nab.

The Witham Navigation from Lincoln to Boston.

The Worcester and Birmingham Canal.

Sections 104,105 SCHEDULE 13

and 112.

Orders Relating to Inland Waterways Preliminary

1. Before making an order under section 104(3), 105(3) or 112 of this Act the Minister shall comply with the requirements of this Schedule applicable to that order and may then make the order as originally proposed or with such modifications as he thinks fit.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2345

Consultation

2. —(1) In the case of a proposed order under section 104(3) adding to or reducing the waterways in Part I of Schedule 12 to this Act, the Minister shall consult with any organisation appearing to him to represent persons operating, or (in relation to a waterway which is to be added) desiring to operate, commercial freight-carrying vessels on the waterway in respect of which the order is to be made.

(2) In the case of a proposed order under section 104(3)—

(a) adding to or reducing the waterways in Part II of that

Schedule; or

(b) removing from Part I without adding to Part II thereof a waterway which is to a substantial extent used by cruising craft,

the Minister shall consult with the Inland Waterways Amenity Advisory Council, consultation in a case within paragraph (b) above being limited to the effect of the proposed order on such use as is mentioned in that paragraph.

3. In the case of a proposed order under section 105(3)—

(a) in respect of a commercial waterway or any part thereof, the Minister shall consult—

(i) with any organisation appearing to him to represent persons operating commercial freight-carrying vessels on that waterway or part; and

(ii) if the waterway or part is to a substantial extent used by cruising craft, with the said Council as to the effect of the proposed order on such use as aforesaid;

(b) in respect of a cruising waterway or any part thereof, the Minister shall consult with the said Council.

4. In the case of a proposed order under section 112 in respect of a canal or part of a canal (within the meaning of that section) which appears to the Minister to be used to a significant extent for the purpose of navigation, the Minister shall consult with any organisation appearing to him to represent persons using it as aforesaid.

Publication of proposed orders and consideration of objections

5.—(1) In the case of a proposed order under section 104(3), 105(3) or 112 in respect of any waterway the Minister shall—

(a) publish in the London Gazette (or, if the waterway is situated in Scotland, the Edinburgh Gazette), in a national newspaper and in one or more local newspapers circulating in the area in which the waterway is situated; and

(b) cause to be displayed in one or more places adjacent to the waterway,

a notice containing a statement—

(i) of the general effect of the proposed order; and

Sch. 13

2346

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 13

Sections 126, 129 and 130.

1967 c. 76.

(ii) that objections to the order can be made to him within such time (not being less than twenty-eight days) and in such manner as is specified in the notice;

and shall consider any such objection which is duly made and not withdrawn, and, if he has caused an inquiry to be held in connection with the proposed order, the repoit of the person holding it

(2) The holding of an inquiry shall be obligatory—

(a) in connection with—

(i) a proposed order under section 104(3) removing a waterway from Part I of Schedule 12 to this Act, or removing a waterway from Part II of that Schedule without adding it to Part I thereof;

(ii) a proposed order under section 105(3);

(iii) a proposed order under section 112,

if an objection is duly made to the proposed order (and is not withdrawn) by a local authority or a river authority;

(b) in connection with any such proposed order as aforesaid relating to a waterway which appears to the Minister to have been used to a significant extent for the purpose of navigation at the time when notice of the proposed order was published, if an objection is duly made to the proposed order (and is not withdrawn) by any organisation appearing to him to represent a substantial number of persons using it as aforesaid at that time.

(3) In this paragraph " waterway " means, in relation to an order under section 104(3) or 105(3), the waterway or part thereof in respect of which the order is to be made and, in relation to an order under section 112, the canal or part thereof (within the meaning of that section) in respect of which the order is to be made.

Interpretation

6. In this Schedule " cruising craft " has the meaning assigned by section 105(l)(f>) of this Act

SCHEDULE 14 Amendments of Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967

Part I

Subsections to bb Inserted in Section 1

(3B) A traffic regulation order may make provision for identifying any part of any road to which, or any time at which or period during which, any provision contained in the order is for the time being to apply by means of a traffic sign of a type or character specified in the order (being a type prescribed or character authorised

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2347

under section 54 of this Act) and for the time being lawfully in place; and for the purposes of any such order so made any such traffic sign placed on or near a road shall be deemed to be lawfully in place unless the contrary is proved.

(3Q A traffic regulation order which imposes any restriction upon the use by vehicles of a road, or the waiting of vehicles in a road, may include provision with respect to the issue and display of certificates or other means of identification of vehicles which are excepted from the restriction, whether generally or in particular circumstances or at particular times.

(3D) A traffic regulation order may also include provision with respect to the issue, display and operation of devices (to be approved either generally or specially by the appropriate Minister) for indicating the time at which a vehicle arrived at, and the time at which it ought to leave, any place in a road in which waiting is restricted by the order, or one or other of those times, and for treating the indications given by any such device as evidence of such facts and for such purposes as may be prescribed by the order.

Part n

Section to bb Inserted after Section 26

26A.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the council of a London borough or the Common Council of the City of London shall have power, for the purpose of enabling roads within their area in respect of which they are the highway authority to be used as playgrounds for children, to make an order prohibiting or restricting, subject to such exceptions and conditions as to occasional user or otherwise as may be specified in the order, the use of any specified road by vehicles, or by vehicles of any specified class, either generally or on particular days or during particular hours.

(2) An order made under this section with respect to a road shall make provision for permitting reasonable access to premises situated on or adjacent to it

(3) No order made under subsection (1) above shall be of any effect unless and until it is confirmed by the Greater London Council who, if they confirm it, may confirm it either without modification or subject to such modifications as they think fit, but that Council shall not confirm an order until twenty-eight days at least have elapsed since the making of the order and, before confirming it, shall consider any objections which may have been made to them against the order and, if they think fit, may cause a public inquiry to be held.

(4) Without prejudice to section 84D of this Act, the Greater London Council may at any time after giving notice in writing to the authority by whom an order under subsection (1) above was made, and after holding, if the Council think fit, a public inquiry, by order of the Council vary or revoke the authority’s order.

(5) A person who uses a vehicle, or causes or permits a vehicle to be used, in contravention of an order in force under this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £50.

Sch. 14

Power of local authorities in Greater London to prohibit traffic on roads to be used as playgrounds.

2348

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 14

Power of certain traffic

authorities in respect of traffic signs.

(6) The Greater London Council may make regulations for prescribing the procedure to be followed in connection with the making of orders by any other authority under this section and the confirmation thereof and for prescribing the manner in which that other authority shall publish notice of the fact that any such order has been made and confirmed and of its effect.

Part in

Section to bb Inserted after Section 56

56A.—(1) This section applies to any authority having power to make an order under or by virtue of any of the following provisions of this Act, namely, sections 1(1) to (7), 5, 12, 15, 26, 26A, 28, 31, 33, 35, 36, 37(2) and (3), 73(3) and 74, or an order as respects a road outside Greater London under section 9 of this Act.

(2) Without prejudice to any powers conferred by or under any other provision of this Act, but subject to subsection (3) below, an authority to whom this section applies may place and maintain, or cause to be placed and maintained, such traffic signs of any type prescribed or character authorised under section 54 of this Act as the authority may consider necessary in connection with any such order as aforesaid made by the authority as respects any road; but if the order is made by an authority other than the highway authority for that road, the authority by whom the order was made—

(a) shall consult with the highway authority as to the placing of the signs; and (b) unless the highway authority are unwilling so to do, shall enter into arrangements with the highway authority for the signs to be placed and maintained by the highway authority.

(3) The powers conferred by subsection (2) above on an authority to whom this section applies shall be exercisable subject to and in conformity with any general directions given under section 55(1) of this Act whether or not that authority is a highway authority; and any other power conferred by the said section 55 to give directions to a highway authority shall include power to give the like directions to any authority to whom this section applies.

(4) In relation to an order under section 15 or 33 of this Act, the appropriate Minister for the purposes of any directions under the said section 55 by virtue of subsection (3) above shall, notwithstanding anything in section 104(1) or section 108 of this Act, in all cases be the Minister of Transport.

Part IV

Amendments of Sections 35 to 40

1. For section 35(1) there shall be substituted the following: — "(1) Subject to sections 84A, 84B and 84C of this Act. the following authority, namely—

(a) as respects any part of Greater London, the Greater London Council on the application of the local authority;

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2349

(b) as respects any other area, the local authority with Sch. 14 the consent, if they are not the highway authority for the highway in question, of that highway authority, may by order designate parking places on highways in the local authority's area for vehicles or vehicles of any class specified in the order, and the local authority may make charges for vehicles left in any parking place so designated of such amount as is prescribed under section 36 of this Act*

2. In section 35(2), for the words " the Minister " there shall be substituted the words " the authority concerned" and for the word "he " there shall be substituted the words " that authority

3. In section 35(3), for the words "a local authority of their" there shall be substituted the words " any authority of

4. In section 35(4), after the words " London borough" there shall be inserted the words " or, in Scotland, a county council or a town council

5. For section 35(5) to (7) there shall be substituted the following : —

"(5) If it appears to the Greater London Council, without any application being made by the local authority, that it is expedient that parking places be designated under this section on highways at any sites in Greater London, then, subject to sections 84A, 84B and 84C of this Act, they may by order designate those parking places for vehicles or vehicles of any class specified in the order, and may make charges for vehicles left in any parking place so designated of such amount as is prescribed under section 36 of this Act; and—

(a) in relation to parking places designated by virtue of

this subsection references in sections 36 and 37 of this Act to the local authority shall be construed as references to the Greater London Council;

(b) if the Greater London Council enter into an agreement with the local authority for the transfer to the local authority of the operation of any parking place so designated, the operation thereof, and such apparatus or other things held by, and rights or liabilities of, the Greater London Council in connection with the parking place as may be specified in the agreement, shall be transferred as from such date and on such terms (including terms as to the making of payments to or by the Greater London Council) as may be so specified;

(c) from the taking effect of any such transfer of the

operation of a parking place the order designating the parking place shall have effect subject to such modifications (if any) as the Greater London Council may direct, being modifications appearing to them requisite in consequence of the transfer, and the provisions of this section and sections 36, 37, 42 and 44 of

2350

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 14 this Act shall thereafter apply as if the parking place

had been designated by order made on the application of the local authority.

(6) Where an order has been made under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) above on the application of a local authority, an order under that paragraph by virtue of section 84D(1) of this Act varying or revoking the first-mentioned order may be made without such an application.

(7) Subject to sections 84A, 84B and 84C of this Act, in any case where it appears to the authority concerned to be expedient so to do having regard to any objections duly made in respect of proposals made by that authority for a designation order or, where that authority are the Greater London Council, in respect of an application made to that Council for such an order, they may, if they think fit, make an interim order pursuant to the proposals or application in respect of any one or more of the sites affected or in respect of any part of any of those sites and postpone for further consideration the making of any further order in pursuance of the proposals or application.'*

6. In section 36(1), for the words from the beginning to " section 35 of this Act* there shall be substituted the words "Subject to sections 84A, 84B and 84C of this Act, the authority by whom a designation order is made shall by order prescribe any charges to be paid for vehicles left in a parking place designated by the order *.

7. In section 36(2), for the words from the beginning to " section 35 of this Act* there shall be substituted the words "Subject to the said sections 84A, 84B and 84C, the authority by whom a designation order is made may by order make such provision as may appear to that authority to be necessary or expedient for regulating or restricting the use of any parking place designated by the order *.

8. In section 36(2Xe). for the words " of the appropriate Minister * there shall be substituted the words " relating to the parking place *.

9. In section 37(3)—

(a) for the words from the beginning to "Minister* there shall be substituted the words "Subject to sections 84A, 84B and 84C of this Act, the authority by whom a parking place is designated under section 35 of this Act*';

(b) for the words "a parking place designated under section 35 of this Act " and for the words " such a parking place * in both places where they occur there shall in each case be substituted the words " the parking place *'.

10. In section 37(5), at the end there shall be added the words "and in this subsection the expression ‘prescribed* means prescribed by order of the appropriate Minister made by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2351

a resolution of either House of Parliament; and the power to make Sch. 14 an order under this subsection shall include power to make an order varying or revoking any previous order thereunder

11. In section 39(1), for the words 44 appropriate Minister considers " there shall be substituted the words 44 authority making the order may consider ".

Part V

Sections to bb Inserted after Section 84

84A.—(1) Subject to subsection (5) below and to section 84C(7) Reserve powers of this Act— of appropriate

Minister as to

(a) the Minister may, after consultation with the Greater Lon- certain orders, don Council, give to that Council with respect to any of

the following provisions of this Act, namely, sections 6,

9.31.33, 35, 36, 37(2) and (3), 73(3) and 74, and

(b) in the case of any other local authority, being an authority who have power to make an order under or by virtue of any of the following provisions of this Act, namely, sections 1(1) to (7). 5. 9, 15. 28, 31. 33, 35. 36, 37(2) and (3),

39, 73(3) and 74 (hereafter in this section referred to as an 44 authorised authority "), the appropriate Minister may, after consultation with the authorised authority, give to that authority with respect to any of those provisions,

a direction—

(i) requiring the Council or authority to make an order under

or by virtue of the provision or provisions in question for a specified purpose and coming into operation before the expiration of a specified period; or

(ii) prohibiting the Council or authority (either generally or without that Minister’s consent or for a specified period) from making or bringing into operation an order under or by virtue of the provision or provisions in question with respect to specified matters or a specified area.

(2) Any power to make an order conferred on the Greater London Council by any of the provisions referred to in paragraph (a) or conferred on an authorised authority by any of the provisions referred to in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) above shall be exercisable by the appropriate Minister as well as by the Council or authority, and where that Minister has made an order by virtue of this subsection—

(a) then, so far as appears to him necessary in order to make the order effective, he, or (except where the power is a power of the Greater London Council) any other local authority with whom he may make arrangements for the purpose, shall have power to do anything which the Council or, as the case may be, the authorised authority would have had power to do if the order had been made by them; and

4 F

2352

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 14 (b) he may recover from the Council or, as the case may be,

from the authorised authority summarily as a civil debt any expenses incurred by him by virtue of paragraph (a) above;

but no Minister shall make any order by virtue of this subsection except for the purpose of securing the object of a direction given to the Greater London Council or an authorised authority under subsection (1) above with which that Council or authority have failed to comply.

(3) Where by virtue of subsection (2) above a parking place has been designated under section 35(1) or (5) of this Act by an order of the appropriate Minister, then—

(a) if that Minister, with the consent of the Treasury, enters into an agreement with the local authority within the meaning of that section or, in the case of an order under the said section 35(5), with the local authority or the Greater London Council for the transfer to that authority or Council of the operation of that parking place, the operation thereof, and such apparatus or other things held by, and rights or liabilities of. that Minister in connection with the parking place as may be specified in the agreement, shall be transferred as from such date and on such terms (including terms as to the making of payments to or by that Minister) as may be so specified;

(b) from the taking effect of any such transfer of the operation of the parking place the order designating the parking place shall have effect subject to such modifications (if any) as that Minister may direct, being modifications appearing to him requisite in consequence of the transfer, and the provisions of the said section 35 and sections 36, 37, 42 and 44 of this Act shall thereafter apply as if the parking place had been designated under the said section 35(1) by an order made by, or on the application of, the local authority or, where the transfer is to the Greater London Council, under the said section 35(5) by an order made by that Council.

(4) Without prejudice to any power to make an order for the like purpose by virtue of subsection (2) above and section 84D of this Act, but subject to subsection (5) below, the appropriate Minister may, after giving notice to the Greater London Council or, as the case may be, the authorised authority concerned and holding, if he thinks fit, a public inquiry, by order vary or revoke any order made or having effect as if made under or by virtue of any of the provisions referred to in subsection (1X<0 or (b) above.

(5) No Minister shall give any direction under subsection (1) above or, subject to subsection (6) below, make any order under subsection (4) above unless he is satisfied, having regard to any matters appearing to him to be relevant, that the duty under section 84(1) of this Act of the Greater London Council or, as the case may be, of the authorised authority concerned is not being satisfactorily discharged by that Council or authority and that the giving

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2353

of the direction or, as the case may be, the making of the order is necessary in order to secure compliance with that duty.

(6) The appropriate Minister may make an order under subsection (4) above notwithstanding that he is not satisfied as mentioned in subsection (5) above if he is satisfied, having regard to any matters appearing to him to be relevant, that there are special circumstances which make it expedient that the order should be made.

(7) In relation to an order under section 15 or 33 of this Act, references in this section to the appropriate Minister shall, notwithstanding anything in section 104(1) or section 108 of this Act, be construed as references to the Minister of Transport

(8) In its application to Scotland, subsection (2)(&) above shall have effect as if the words "summarily as a civil debt" were omitted.

84B.—(1) Where in the case of any order proposed to be made by a local authority other than the Greater London Council under or by virtue of any of the following provisions of this Act, namely, sections 1, 5, 9, 15, 26, 28, 31, 33. 35, 36. 37. 73(3) and 74. it is proposed to include in the order any provision—

(a) so prohibiting or restricting the use of a road as to prevent for more than eight hours in any period of twenty-four hours access for vehicles of any class to any premises situated on or adjacent to that road or any other premises accessible for vehicles of that class from, and only from, that road; or

(b) applying to a trunk road; or

(c) directing that a principal road shall be, or cease to be, a restricted road for the purposes of section 71 of this Act; or

(d) in the case of an order for the purposes of section 74(1) of this Act—

(i) applying to a principal road; or

(ii) applying to any road a speed limit of less than 30 miles an hour; or

(e) varying or revoking within twelve months of its making

any order made by, or made in pursuance of a direction given by, the appropriate Minister; or

(/) making provision as respects any length of road for any purpose within twelve months after the date when a previous order made as respects that length of road for a similar purpose was varied or revoked by an order made by, or made in pursuance of a direction given by, the appropriate Minister; or

(g) varying or revoking an order under section 1 of this Act as respects a road which is not a trunk road made by the

4 F 2

Sch. 14

Consent of appropriate Minister to certain orders.

2354

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 14

appropriate Minister on the application of the governing

body of a university,

then, except where the provision is to be included in pursuance of a direction under section 84A(1) of this Act, the order shall not be made except with the consent of the appropriate Minister.

(2) Where in the case of any order proposed to be made by the Greater London Council under or by virtue of any of the following provisions of this Act, namely, sections 6, 9, 31, 33, 35, 36, 37, 73(3) and 74, it is proposed to include in the order any provision such as is mentioned in paragraphs (b)to (f) of subsection (1) above, then, except where the provision is to be included in pursuance of a direction under section 84A(1) of this Act, the order shall not be made except with the consent of the Minister.

(3) The appropriate Minister may by order add to or remove from the orders for which his consent is required by the foregoing provisions of this section such orders made by such local authorities for such purposes or in such circumstances as he may see fit to specify in his order; but—

(a) no order under this subsection removing any order from the orders for which the Minister's consent is for the time being required under this section shall be made unless a draft of the order has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament; and

(b) any other order under this subsection shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(4) The appropriate Minister may, in consenting to any order submitted to him for his consent under this section, consent to that order either in the form in which it was submitted to him or with such modifications as he thinks fit, which may include additions, exceptions or other modifications of any description; but where he proposes to consent to the order with modifications which appear to him substantially to affect the character of the order as submitted to him, he shall, before doing so, take such steps as appear to him to be sufficient and reasonably practicable for informing the local authority in question and other persons likely to be concerned.

(5) The appropriate Minister may by order grant a general consent to the making of orders requiring his consent under this section—

(a) of such descriptions, or

(b) with respect to such matters only, or

(c) made by such local authorities or by authorities of such

classes or descriptions, or

(d) made in such circumstances, or

(e) complying with such requirements,

as may be specified in the order; but any order under this subsection shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2355

(6) The power to make an order conferred by subsection (3) or (5) Sch. 14 above shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and shall include

power to make an order under that subsection varying or revoking any previous order made thereunder.

(7) In relation to an order under section 15 or 33 of this Act, references in this section to the appropriate Minister shall, notwithstanding anything in section 104(1) or section 108 of this Act, be construed as references to the Minister of Transport.

(8) In subsection (l)(c) and (d) above, the expression " principal road'* means a road for the time being classified as a principal road—

(a) by the Minister under section 27(2) of the Local Govern-1966 c. 42.

ment Act 1966 for the purposes of advances under section

235 of the Highways Act 1959; or 1959 c. 25.

(b) by the Secretary of State under section 28(2) of the Local 1966 c. 51.

Government (Scotland) Act 1966 for the purposes of advances under section 8 of the Development and Road 1909 c. 47. Improvement Funds Act 1909.

84C.—(1) Without prejudice to any further requirements contained Procedure as in any regulations made under the subsequent provisions of this certain

section, and except where the order is made in pursuance of a direction given by the appropriate Minister under section 84A(1) of this Act, before the Greater London Council or any other local authority make an order under or by virtue of any of the following provisions of this Act, namely, sections 1, 5, 6, 9, 15, 26, 26A, 28,

31, 33, 35, 36, 37, 73(3) and 74, they shall consult with the chief officer of police of any police area in which any road or other place to which the order is to relate is situated; and if the order in question falls to be submitted to the appropriate Minister for his consent under section 84B of this Act, the authority shall so consult before so submitting the order.

(2) The appropriate Minister may make regulations as respects orders of a local authority other than the Greater London Council under any of the provisions referred to in subsection (1) above other than section 26A for providing the procedure to be followed in connection with the making of such orders, the submission of such orders for the consent of the appropriate Minister, where such submission is required, and the consideration by that Minister of any such order submitted to him; and the appropriate Minister shall by regulations under this subsection make such, if any, provision as he considers appropriate with respect tofu) the publication of any proposal for the making of such an order;

(b) the making and consideration of objections to any such proposal; and

(c) the publication of notice of the making of the order and of its effect

4 F 3

2356

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 14 (3) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (2) above,

regulations under that subsection may include provision—

(a) as to the form of any such order as is mentioned in that subsection;

(b) for the holding of inquiries for the purposes of any such order, and as to the appointment of the person by whom any such inquiry is to be held;

(c) for the making of modifications in any such order, whether

in consequence of any objections or otherwise, before the order is made;

(d) requiring any such order to include such exemptions for such purposes and subject to such exceptions as may be provided for by the regulations;

(e) requiring the authority by whom any such order is made

to place and maintain, or cause to be placed and maintained, such traffic signs in connection with that order as may be so provided for.

(4) The Minister, after consultation with the Greater London Council, may make regulations—

(a) as respects orders made by that Council under any of the

provisions referred to in subsection (1) above other than section 26A, for any of the like purposes as those for which regulations are required or authorised to be made under subsection (2) above;

(b) with respect to any other order the making of which by that Council requires the consent of the Minister, for providing the procedure to be followed in connection with the obtaining of that consent.

(5) The appropriate Minister may make regulations with respect to the procedure in connection with the making by him—

(a) of any order made by virtue of subsection (2) or made

under subsection (4) of section 84A of this Act;

(b) of any order which he is authorised to make with respect to trunk reads under any of the provisions referred to in subsection (1) above.

(6) Any regulations under this section may make different provision for different orders or for different circumstances; and where any such regulations require an authority to post any notice in a highway the authority may, whether or not they are the highway authority, take such steps for that purpose as they think fit, including the use for that purpose of any lamp-post, traffic sign or other structure whatsoever in die highway, whether or not belonging to that authority.

(7) Before giving any authority a direction under section 84A(1) of this Act to make with or without modifications an order under any of the provisions referred to in subsection (1) above in connection with which steps have already been taken in pursuance of regulations under this section, the appropriate Minister—

(a) shall consider any objections made to that order; and.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2357

(b) if the order is directed to be made with modifications which Sch. 14 appear to him to affect substantially the character of the order, shall take such steps as appear to him to be sufficient and reasonably practicable for informing any local authority concerned and any other person likely to be concerned.

(8) In relation to an order under section 15 or 33 of this Act, references in this section to the appropriate Minister shall, notwithstanding anything in section 104(1) or section 108 of this Act, be construed as references to the Minister of Transport

84D.—(1) Subject to subsection (3) below, and without prejudice Provisions as to section 35(6) of this Act, any power to make an order as respects to variation or any road or parking place conferred by or by virtue of any of the revocation, following provisions of this Act, namely, sections 1(1) to (7), 5, 6, and as to 9, 15, 26. 26A, 28. 31. 33. 35. 36. 37(2) and (3), 39. 73. 74 and 84A(4), shall include power for the authority for the time being orders having power to make such an order as respects that road or parking place to make such an order varying or revoking any previous order as respects that road or parking place made, or having effect as if made, under or by virtue of the provision in question, whether that previous order was made by that or some other authority and notwithstanding that the previous order was, and the order varying or revoking it is not, made in pursuance of a power exercisable by statutory instrument

(2) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that, subject to section 84B of this Act, the power to vary or revoke an order made under or by virtue of any of the provisions referred to in subsection (1) above extends to the variation or revocation of any such order in connection with the provision in question as is hereinafter mentioned, notwithstanding that it was made by, or by direction of, a Minister, namely—

(a) an order under or by virtue of the provision in question

made in pursuance of a direction under section 84A(1) of this Act:

(b) an order under or by virtue of the provision in question (not being section 35, 36, 37 or 39 of this Act) made by virtue of section 84A(2) of this Act;

(c) an order under or by virtue of the provision in question

(being the said section 35, 36, 37 or 39) made by virtue of the said section 84A(2) if that order relates to a parking place for the time being controlled by the local authority within the meaning of the said section 35 or by the Greater London Council;

(d) an order under section 26(5) or 84A(4) of this Act.

(3) Where a Minister proposes to make an order varying or revoking an order made by him by virtue of section 1(2) of this Act upon the application of the governing body of a university, he shall before making the order give notice to that body and, if he thinks fit, hold a public inquiry.

4 F 4

2358

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sen. 14

Limitation of right to challenge certain orders in legal proceedings.

I960 c. 16.

(4) Nothing in subsection (5) of section 84A of this Act shall prevent the exercise by a Minister of the power to revoke any order made by that Minister under subsection (4) of that section.

(5) Any power of a Minister to make an order under or by virtue of any of the provisions referred to in subsection (1) above shall be exercisable by statutory instrument

84E.—(1) If in the case of an order made under or by virtue of any of the following provisions of this Act, namely, sections 1(1) to (7), 5,6,9,15,28 and 33, any person desires to question the validity of, or of any provision contained in, the order on the ground that it is not within the powers with respect to such an order conferred by this Act, or on the ground that any requirement with respect to such an order of, or of any instrument made under, any provision of this Act has not been complied with in relation to the order, he may, wkhin six weeks from the date on which the order is made, make an application for the purpose to the High Court or, in Scotland, to the Court of Session.

(2) Subsections (2) and (3) of section 41 of this Act shall apply in relation to an application under subsection (1) above and to such an order as is mentioned in the said subsection (1) as they apply in relation to an application under subsection (1) of the said section 41 and to a designation order.

Part VI Consequential Amendments

1. In each of the following provisions, namely sections 1(1), 6(1), 9(1), 28(1), 31(1), 73(3) and 74(1), at the beginning there shah be inserted the words " Subject to sections 84A, 84B and 84C of this Act".

2. In section 1(1), for the words " this and the four next following sections" there shall be substituted the words "this section and section 5 of this Act ".

3. In section 1(3), for the words M subsection (4) " there shall be substituted the words " subsections (3A) and (4) ".

4. After section 1(8) there shall be added the following subsection :—

" (9) If any local Act contains any provision extending the powers conferred by section 26 of the Road Traffic Act 1960 in the application of that section to the area of any local authority, the appropriate Minister, after consultation with that local authority, may by order made by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, repeal any provision of that local Act which appears to that Minister to be unnecessary, or make any other amendments to that local Act which appear

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2359

to that Minister to be required, in consequence of the provisions Sch. 14 of Part DC of the Transport Act 1968; and the power to make an order under this subsection shall include power to make an order varying or revoking any previous order thereunder."

5. In section 5(1), for the words from the beginning to "jointly" there shall be substituted the words " Without prejudice to sections 84A, 84B and 84C of this Act. section 1(5), so far as it relates to vehicles, section 1(6) and section 28(2X«) of this Act shall not apply to any order made under the said sections 1 and 28 jointly

6. In section 5(3)—

(a) for the words from the beginning to "he is" there shall

be substituted the words "No authority shall make an order by virtue of subsection (1) above unless they are ";

(b) in paragraph (c), for the word "him" there shall be substituted the words " the appropriate Minister ".

7. In section 7(2), for the words " the said section 6 " there shall be substituted the words " section 6 of this Act ".

8. In section 8(1)—

(a) for the words from the beginning to " police and " there

shall be substituted the words " Without prejudice to subsection (1) and to any regulations under subsection (4) of section 84C of this Act, before making any order under section 6 of this Act otherwise than in pursuance of a direction given by the Minister under section 84A(1) thereof, the Greater London Council (hereafter in this section referred to as " the Council ") shall consult ";

(b) at the end there shall be added the words "and, if the

order is required to be submitted to the Minister for his consent under section 84B(2) of this Act, the Council shall so consult before so submitting it"

9. In section 9(1), for the words " this section " there shall be substituted the words " this subsection ".

10. For section 9(10) there shall be substituted the following:—

"(10) Section 1(3B) or, as the case may be, section 6(4) of this Act shall apply in relation to an experimental traffic order as it applies in relation to an order under the said section 1 or 6"

11. In section 11(2), at the end there shall be added the words "but the Minister shall not give such a direction unless he is satisfied, having regard to any matters appearing to him to be relevant, that die Council's duty under section 84(1) of this Act is not being satisfactorily discharged by the Council and that the giving of the direction is necessary in order to secure compliance with that duty."

4 F*

2360

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 14 12. In section 15(1), after the word "below" there shall be

inserted the words "and to sections 84A, 84B and 84C of this Act".

13. In section 15(4)—

(a) for the words from the beginning to " aforesaid and " there shall be substituted the words " Without prejudice to subsection (1) and to any regulations under subsection (2) of section 84C of this Act, before making any order under subsection (1) above otherwise than in pursuance of a direction given by the Minister under section 84A(1) of this Act, the local authority ";

(b) at the end there shall be added the words " and, if the local authority’s area is situated wholly or partly within an area designated under section 9(1) of the Transport Act 1968, with the Executive for that area; and if the order is required to be submitted to the Minister for his consent under section 84B(1) of this Act, the local authority shall so consult before so submitting it"

14. In section 20, at the end there shall be added the following subsection—

" (4) The foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect subject to the provisions of any order for the time being in 1967 c. 69. force under section 25 of the Civic Amenities Act 1967."

15. In section 26(1), at the beginning there shall be inserted the words " Subject to sections 84B and 84C of this Act "

16. For section 26(5) there shall be substituted the following: —

"(5) Without prejudice to section 84D of this Act, the appropriate Minister may at any time after giving notice in writing to the authority by whom an order under the foregoing provisions of this section was made, and after holding, if he thinks fit, a public inquiry, by order under this subsection, vary or revoke the authority’s order."

17. In section 27, after the words "section 26" there shall be inserted the words " or 26A ".

18. In section 33(1) at the beginning there shall be inserted the words " Subject to subsection (1 A) below and to sections 84A, 84B and 84C of this Act ".

19. After section 33(1) there shall be inserted the following subsection :—

" (lx) Without prejudice to subsection (1) and to any regulations under subsection (2) or (4) of section 84C of this Act, before making an order under subsection (lXfl) above otherwise than in pursuance of a direction given by the Minister under section 84A(1) of this Act, the local authority shall consult—

(a) with the appropriate traffic commissioners; and

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2361

(b) if the local authority’s area is situated wholly or partly within an area designated under section 9(1) of the Transport Act 1968, with the Executive for that area;

and, if the order is required to be submitted to the Minister for his consent under section 84B of this Act, the authority shall so consult before so submitting it."

20. In section 33(5), for the words from the beginning to " consult with" there shall be substituted the words 44In this section, the expression 4the appropriate traffic commissioners* means".

21. In section 41(1), for the words "of Schedule 4 to this Act" there shall be substituted the words "of section 84A, 84B or 84C of this Act or of any regulations made under the said section 84C ".

22. In section 42(8)—

(a) after the words " a local authority " there shall be inserted the words " or the Greater London Council ";

(b) for the words "for which they are the local authority" there shall be substituted the words " controlled by them ".

23. In each of sections 44(5), 52(5) and 85(2), for the words "sections 35(5) and 38" there shall be substituted the words "section 35(5)".

24. In section 45(1)—

(a) for the words from the beginning to " cover " there shall be

substituted the words " Where by virtue of section 84A(2) of this Act a parking place has been designated under section 35 of this Act by a Minister, that Minister may make grants out of moneys provided by Parliament towards the cost of the provision and maintenance of off-street parking places, whether in the open or under cover, or for any purpose such as is mentioned in section 44(3

(i) or (ii) of this Act ";

(b) for the words 44 designated under section 35(5) of this Act "

there shall be substituted the words 44 designated by him under the said section 35

25. In section 52, at the end there shall be added the following subsection:—

"(10) The foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect subject to the provisions of any order for the time being in force under section 25 of the Civic Amenities Act 1967 ".

26. In section 53, at the end there shall be added the following subsection: —

" (5) The foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect subject to the provisions of any order for the time being in force under section 25 of the Civic Amenities Act 1967 ".

27. In section 67, after the sectional reference " 56 " there shall be inserted the sectional reference 44 56A ".

4 F* 2

Sch. 14

1967 c. 69.

2362

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 14 28. In section 82(3), after the sectional reference 44 26(1) * there

shall be inserted the sectional reference " 26A(1) *.

29. In section 84(3), for the words from the beginning to uthis Act" there shall be substituted the words "Where the Greater London Council or any other local authority are authorised or required by or under any provision of this Act to hold an inquiry for the purpose of any of their functions, any person appointed by that council or authority to hold the inquiry *.

30. In section 87, for the sectional references "25, 26 or 80" there shall be substituted the sectional references " 25, 80 or 84C *.

31. In section 94(1) after the sectional reference "26(6)* there shall be inserted the sectional reference " 26A(5) *.

32. In Schedule 8. in paragraph 7, for the words from the beginning to "sub-paragraph (a) above* there shall be substituted the words "References in any order made by the Minister under

1920 c. 72. section 7(4) of the Roads Act 1920 *.

33. In Schedule 8. at the end there shall be added the following new paragraphs: —

4414. Any order made or having effect as if made by any Minister under this Act as originally enacted, being an order made under a power which, apart from section 84A(2) of this Act, is as a result of the provisions of Part IX of the Transport Act 1968 no longer exercisable by that Minister, shall continue in force as if made by virtue of the said section 84A(2) in exercise of the power of the Greater London Council or some other local authority to make an order for the like purpose after that date conferred on that Council or other authority by this Act as amended by the said Part IX.

15. Where any provision of this Act as originally enacted which conferred a power to make orders is repealed by the Transport Act 1968, any order made or having effect as if made in pursuance of that power and in force immediately before the date of the repeal shall continue in force as if made in pursuance of the corresponding power conferred by this Act as amended by that Act.

16. Subject to paragraph 17 of this Schedule, anything begun or falling to be treated as having been begun under this Act before the date of the coming into force of, or of any relevant instrument made under, any relevant provision of Part IX of the Transport Act 1968. so far as not completed before that date, may be continued and completed in accordance as nearly as may be with the provisions of, or of any relevant instrument made under, this Act as amended by any relevant provision of that Act

17. —(1) Where an order under any provision of this Act as originally enacted does, but the like order under that provision as amended by the Transport Act 1968 does not require the

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2363

confirmation or consent of the appropriate Minister, and at the date when that amendment comes into force—

(a) an application has been made to the appropriate Minister

for his confirmation, or, as the case may be, for his consent to the malring, of such an order; or

(b) notice of a proposal to make such an order has been published stating that objections may be made to the appropriate Minister,

and in either case that Minister has not yet given or refused his confirmation of or consent to the order, then, without prejudice to the right of the authority so submitting the order or proposals to withdraw their application for that Minister’s confirmation or consent, that order shall not be brought into force or, as the case may be, made except with the consent of that Minister.

(2) The appropriate Minister may make regulations as respects any order requiring his consent under this paragraph for any of the like purposes as those for which regulations are required or authorised to be made under section 84C (2) or (4) of this Act and for regulating the procedure to be followed in connection with any such withdrawal of an application as aforesaid and subsection (4) of section 84B of this Act shall apply to any order submitted to the appropriate Minister for his consent under this paragraph as it applies to an order so submitted under that section.

(3) In relation to an order under section 15 or 33 of this Act, references in this paragraph to the appropriate Minister shall, notwithstanding anything in section 104(1) or section 108 of this Act, be construed as references to the Minister of Transport.

18. Where any order made or having effect as if made under section 35 or 36 of this Act includes any provision made by virtue of section 26 of the Greater London Council (General Powers) Act 1967, that provision shall continue to have effect as if made by virtue of the said sections 35 and 36 as amended by section 127 of the Transport Act 1968."

SCHEDULE 15 Channel Tunnel Planning Council Part I The Council

1. The Council shall be a body corporate with perpetual succession and a common seal.

2. The Council shall consist of not less than four nor more than six members appointed by the Minister, and the Minister shall appoint one of those members to be chairman and another of those members to be deputy chairman of the Council.

4 F* 3

Sch. 14

1967 c. xx.

Section 143.

2364

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. IS 3.—(1) Each member of the Council shall hold and vacate office

in accordance with the terms of his appointment, but notwithstanding anything in those terms he may at any time resign his office by notice in writing to the Minister.

(2) A person who has held office as a member of the Council shall be eligible for reappointment

4. —(1) The Council—

(a) shall pay to a person holding office as chairman, deputy chairman or other member of the Council such remuneration in respect of that office as the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine and such reasonable allowances as may be so determined in respect of expenses properly incurred by that person in the performance of his functions;

(b) in the case of such members as the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine, shall pay such pensions or make such payments towards the provision of pensions to or in respect of those members as he may with the like approval determine in the case of those members respectively.

(2) The Minister shall, as soon as possible after appointing any person to the office of chairman, deputy chairman or other member of the Council, lay before each House of Parliament a statement of the remuneration that is or will be payable to that person under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph; and, if a subsequent determination by him under that sub-paragraph involves a departure from the terms of the said statement, or if a determination by him under that sub-paragraph relates to the payment of, or to payments towards the provision of, a pension to or in respect of a member of the Council, the Minister shall as soon as possible after die determination lay a statement thereof before each House of Parliament.

5. The Council may act notwithstanding a vacancy amongst their members, and no act of the Council shall be deemed to be invalid by reason only of a defect in the appointment of any of their members.

6. In the case of an equality of votes at a meeting of the Council the chairman of the meeting shall have a second or casting vote.

7. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Schedule and to any directions given from time to time by the Minister, the Council may determine their own quorum and procedure.

8. —(1) Subject to any directions given from time to time by the Minister, the Council shall appoint a secretary and may appoint such other officers, and such servants, as the Council may determine.

(2) The Council shall—

(a) pay to their officers and servants such remuneration as they may determine, and

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2365

(b) as regards any officers or servants in whose case it may be determined by the Council with the approval of the Minister so to do. pay such pensions, or make such payments towards the provision of pensions, to or in respect of diem, or provide and maintain for them such pension schemes (whether contributory or not), as may be so determined.

9. The application of the seal of the Council shall be authenticated by the signature of the secretary of the Council or some other person authorised by the Council, either generally or specially, to act for that purpose.

Part n

Borrowing powers and accounts of Council

10.—(1) The Council may borrow from the Minister, but not from any other person, such sums as the Council may require for meeting their obligations or discharging their functions under section 143 of this Act.

(2) Any loans by the Minister under this paragraph shall be made out of moneys provided by Parliament: and any such loans shall be repaid to the Minister at such times and by such methods, and interest thereon shall be paid to him at such rates and at such times, as he may with the approval of the Treasury from time to time direct

(3) Any sums received by the Minister under this paragraph shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund.

11. The Council—

(a) shall cause proper accounts and other records in relation thereto to be kept, and

(b) shall prepare an annual statement of accounts in respect of such accounting period, in such form, and containing such particulars, compiled in such manner, as the Minister may from time to time direct with the approval of the Treasury.

12. —(1) The accounts of the Council shall be audited by an auditor or auditors appointed annually by the Minister; and any auditor so appointed shall be entitled to require from any officer of the Council such books, deeds, contracts, accounts, vouchers, receipts and other documents, and such information and explanations, as may be necessary for the performance of his duties.

(2) A person shall not be appointed auditor as aforesaid unless he is a member, or is a firm in Scotland each of the partners wherein is a member, of one or more of the following bodies, namely—

the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales;

the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland;

the Association of Certificated and Corporate Accountants;

4 F* 4

Sch. 15

2366

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 15 1948 c. 38.

Section 136.

1845 c. 20. 1845 c. 33.

1871 c. 78.

the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland;

any other body of accountants established in the United Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the purpose of section 161(lXo) of the Companies Act 1948 by the Board of Trade.

13. So soon as the accounts of the Council have been audited as aforesaid, the Council shall send to the Minister, and the Minister shall cause to be laid before Parliament, a copy of the statement of accounts referred to in paragraph 11(h) of this Schedule, together with a copy of the report made by the auditor or auditors on that statement

SCHEDULE 16 Supplementary or Consequential Provisions

1. —(1) The enactments specified in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph shall apply to all railways of the Freight Corporation, and shall so apply as if references in those enactments to die company were references to that Corporation.

(2) The enactments referred to in the foregoing sub-paragraph are—

(a) sections 105, 144 and 152 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act 1845;

(b) sections 98, 136 and 144 of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845,

including any of those enactments as incorporated in any statutory provision passed or made whether before or after the passing of this Act

2. In the Regulation of Railways Act 1871, references to a railway company or a company as defined by that Act shall include references to the Freight Corporation.

3. —(1) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the matters to which the licensing authority is to have regard in exercising his discretion under section 174 of the Act of 1960 do not include any duty imposed upon any of the new authorities by this Act.

(2) For the purposes of section 180 of the Act of 1960 (which relates to carriers' licences for the vehicles of a subsidiary) each of the new authorities shall be deemed to be a company.

(3) Where on a vesting by virtue of this Act a subsidiary of one body becomes a subsidiary of another body, any carriers* licence under Part IV of the Act of 1960 held by the first-mentioned body for a vehicle owned by the subsidiary shall thereafter have effect as if granted to the second-mentioned body; and for the purposes of the said section 180 the second-mentioned body shall be deemed to have made the application for the licence and to have signified to the licensing authority their desire that the section should have effect as respects the subsidiary.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2367

(4) If, as a result of a transaction effected by any of the new authorities not more than twelve months after the transfer date for a transfer to that authority under section 4, 5 or 28 of this Act and at a time when that authority hold carriers’ licences under the said Part IV for vehicles owned by a subsidiary, the subsidiary becomes a wholly-owned subsidiary of a company (hereafter in this sub-paragraph referred to as " the company ") which is itself a wholly-owned subsidiary of that authority, any such licence for a vehicle then owned by the subsidiary shall thereafter have effect as if granted to the company; and for the purposes of the said section 180 the company shall be deemed to have made the application for the licence and to have signified to the licensing authority their desire that the section should have effect as respects the subsidiary.

(5) For the purposes of this paragraph, the provisions of section 51(5) of this Act shall be disregarded.

4. —(1) The power to make bylaws conferred by subsection (1) of section 67 of the Act of 1962 shall be exercisable by the Freight Corporation as well as by the Boards there referred to and the power to make bylaws conferred by subsection (2) of that section shall be exercisable by the Scottish Group as well as by the Railways Board, and accordingly, subsections (3) to (12) of that section shall apply as if the expression "Board" included the Corporation and the Scottish Group.

(2) Any bylaws made by the Railways Board under the said subsection (1) and in force with respect to any railway or railway premises immediately before their transfer to the Freight Corporation or a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Freight Corporation shall continue in force until varied or revoked by the Corporation by virtue of the said subsection (12).

(3) Any bylaws made by the Railways Board under the said subsection (2) and in force with respect to any harbour immediately before its transfer to the Scottish Group or to a wholly-owned subsidiary of that Group shall continue in force until varied or revoked by the Scottish Group by virtue of the said subsection (12).

(4) In relation to the Scottish Group any reference to the Minister in the said section 67 shall be construed as a reference to die Secretary of State.

(5) For the purposes of the said section 67, railways, railway premises, or officers and servants of, or ships operated by, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Railways Board, the London Board, the Freight Corporation or the Scottish Group shall be deemed to be railways, railway premises, or officers or servants of, or ships operated by, that Board, Corporation or Group.

5. —(1) This paragraph shall apply to the Freight Corporation and to the Scottish Group.

(2) The Railways Board may make an agreement with either of the authorities to whom this paragraph applies for making available to that authority or to any wholly-owned subsidiary of that authority

Sch. 16

2368

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 16

.I. 1964/1456.

1949 c. xxix.

1948 c. 58. 1950 c. 36.

1954 c. 64.

1955 c. 16.

1956 c. 30. 1959 c. 25.

1953 c. 14 (N.I.).

for such period, to such extent and on such terms as may be specified in the agreement, the services of the British Transport Police Force, that is to say, the force organised under the scheme set out in the Schedule to the British Transport Police Force Scheme 1963 (Approval) Order 1964 made under section 69 of the Act of 1962.

(3) Where such an agreement has been made members of the said Police Force may act, in accordance with the terms of the agreement, as constables in, on and in the vicinity of any premises of the authority or subsidiary in question notwithstanding the provisions of section 53(1) of the British Transport Commission Act 1949 (which restricts them to so acting in, on and in the vicinity of premises belonging to. leased to or worked by one of the Boards).

(4) The Minister, after consultation with the Boards and either or both of the authorities to whom this paragraph applies, may by order make such adaptations in the said scheme and in sections 69 to 71 of the Act of 1962 as appear to him expedient to enable that scheme and those sections to have effect as respects any period after the making of the order as if that authority or, as the case may be, each of those authorities were one of the Beards.

6. Section 82 of the Act of 1962 (modification of enactments relating to Wages Councils) shall have effect as if the expression " Board " included each of the new authorities.

7. —(1) The references to be substituted—

(a) as mentioned in Part I of Schedule 2 to the Act of 1962 in the provisions specified in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph; or

(b) as mentioned in Part III of that Schedule in the provisions specified in sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph,

shall in each case include a reference to the Freight Corporation and to any wholly-owned subsidiary of the Freight Corporation or of any of the Boards.

(2) The provisions referred to in sub-paragraph (l)(n) of this paragraph are—

(a) section 41(3) of the Criminal Justice Act 1948;

(b) section 22 of the Diseases of Animals Act 1950;

(c) section 13(1) of the Transport Charges (Miscellaneous

Provisions) Act 1954;

(d) section 11(2) of the Food and Drugs Act 1955;

(e) section 11(2) of the Food and Drugs (Scotland) Act 1956;

(f) sections 192(3) and 295(5) of the Highways Act 1959;

(g) section 12(3) of the Criminal Justice Act (Northern Ireland) 1953.

(3) The provisions referred to in sub-paragraph (l)(b) of this paragraph are—

(a) sections 54, 55, 56 and 57 of the British Transport Commission Act 1949;

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2369

(6) section 18 in the Schedule to the British Transport Com- Sch. 16 mission Order Confirmation Act 1953; 1953 c. xx.

(c) section 52 of the British Transport Commission Act 1953; 1953 c. xlii.

(d) section 24 of the British Transport Commission Act 1954. 1954 c. lv.

(4) In section 23 of the British Railways Act 1964 (which pro- 1964 c. xvi. vides for the aforesaid section 54 of the British Transport Commis- 1949 c. xxix. sion Act 1949 to continue in force in its application to the Railways Board) and in any enactment passed after this Act which provides for the said section 54 so to continue in force for a further period, the reference to the Railways Board shall be construed as a reference to the Railways Board, the Freight Corporation and any wholly-owned subsidiary of that Board or Corporation.

8.—(1) In the Harbours Act 1964— 1964 c. 40.

(a) in section 30(1), for paragraph there shall be substituted

the following: —

44 (b) by virtue of section 43 of the Transport Act 1962 c. 46. 1962 by any of the Boards at a harbour which, in the exercise and performance of statutory powers and duties, that Board are engaged in improving, maintaining or managing, except where the Board in question are the British Transport Docks Board, the British Railways Board or the British Waterways Board and the harbour in question is not specified in Schedule 9 to that Act

(b) in section 30(4) the words 44 (other than any of the Boards) " and the words from 44or by" to "1962" shall cease to have effect;

(c) in section 3 6(a) for the words 44 any of the Boards " there

shall be substituted the words 44 the British Transport Docks Board, the British Railways Board or the British Waterways Board";

(d) in section 57(1)—

(i) at the end of the definition of 44 the Boards " there shall be added the words 44 and includes the National Freight Corporation, the Scottish Transport Group and any subsidiary within the meaning of the Transport Act 1968 of any of those Boards or of that Corporation or Group ";

(ii) in the definition of 44 marine work " for the words "vested in any of the Boards or" there shall be substituted the words 44 which is vested in any of the Boards other than the Scottish Transport Group or a subsidiary

within the meaning of section 154 of the Companies Act 1948 c. 38. 1948 of that Group or which is ".

(2) In any case where, by virtue of sub-paragraph (1X^X0 of this paragraph, the Board within the meaning of section 41 of the Docks 1966 c. 28. and Harbours Act 1966 are a subsidiary of one or more of the Docks Board, the Railways Board, the Waterways Board, the

2370

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 16

1962 c. 46.

1966 c. 27.

1966 c. 34.

1966 c. xvii.

Freight Corporation and the Scottish Group, that section shall be construed as if—

(a) any reference therein otherwise than in subsection (1) thereof to the Board were a reference to the body, or to each respectively of the bodies, of which the Board within the meaning of that section are a subsidiary; and

(b) the property, rights and liabilities transferred by the order or scheme in question from the subsidiary were, to an extent proportionate to the extent of the interest of that body in the subsidiary, property, rights and liabilities so transferred from that body.

(3) The said section 41 shall have effect with the substitution—

(a) in subsection (2Xb)—

(i) for the words 44 as determined under section 39 of the Transport Act 1962 " of the words 44 under section 39 of the Transport Act 1962 or Schedule 2 to the Transport Act 1968

(ii) for the words "that Act" of the words "the Transport Act 1962 ";

(b) in subsection (3)—

(i) for the words " section 39 of the said Act of 1962 " of the words 44 the said section 39 or Schedule 2

(ii) for the words "section 20 of that Act" of the words 44 the said section 20 ",

(4) In any application of the said section 41 to the Scottish Group or to any other body in the capacity of a subsidiary of that Group, any reference to the Minister shall be construed as a reference to the Secretary of State.

9. In the Building Control Act 1966, in the Schedule, for the entry beginning "Any subsidiary" there shall be substituted the following: —

44 The National Freight Corporation.

The National Bus Company.

The Scottish Transport Group.

Any subsidiary (as defined in the Transport Act 1968) of any of the bodies mentioned above."

10. In the Industrial Development Act 1966, in Schedule 2 (which specifies bodies which are not to be eligible for certain grants under that Act) after the entry relating to the Waterways Board there shall be inserted the following entries:—

44 The National Freight Corporation.

The National Bus Company.

The Scottish Transport Group."

11. The persons entitled to deposit money in the savings bank established under subsection (2) of section 32 of the British Rail-

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2371

ways Act 1966 shall, in addition to the persons specified in that Sch. 16 subsection, include—

(a) any persons who, on the transfer date for any transfer under section 4, 5,7, 8,28 or 29 of this Act—

(i) are depositors in that bank; and

(ii) apart from this paragraph would by reason of the transfer cease to be entitled as aforesaid; and

(b) where any of those depositors is a man who dies leaving a widow, his widow during her widowhood.

12. In the Industrial Expansion Act 1968, in Schedule 1 (which 1968 c. 32. specifies bodies not eligible for financial support under industrial investment schemes made under that Act) at the end there shall be added the following entries: —

" The National Freight Corporation,

The National Bus Company,

The Scottish Transport Group."

SCHEDULE 17 Section 164.

Application to Northern Ireland

Part I

Provisions extending to Northern Ireland

Parti.

Part II (except sections 10(3), (4), (5) and (9), 13 and 18 to 21).

Sections 24 to 29.

Section 33.

Part IV (except sections 39, 40, 47(lXuXii) and (v). 54 and 56).

Sections 100 and 101.

Sections 104 to 107 and 110, and so much of section 115 as relates to those sections.

Sections 134, 135, 136, 137, 146, 150, 155, 160, 161 and 164.

So far as they relate to any provision of this Act which extends to Northern Ireland sections 156 to 159,163, 165 and 166.

Schedules 1 to 5, 7 and 16.

This Schedule.

In Schedule 18, Part I, and so far as it relates to the House of 1957 c. 2a Commons Disqualification Act 1957, Part HI.

Part n

Modifications

1. In section 10(lxxxix), the reference to Parliament shall include a reference to the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

2372

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sch. 17 1946 c. 58.

1946 c. 18 (N.I.).

1964 c. 16.

1964 c. 18 (N.I.).

1891 c. 39. 1895 c. 16. 1899 c.9.

1925 c. 20. 1881 c. 41.

2. In section 12(6), for the reference to section 1 of the Borrowing (Control and Guarantees) Act 1946 there shall, in relation to borrowing in Northern Ireland, be substituted a reference to section 2 of the Loans Guarantee and Borrowing Regulation Act (Northern Ireland) 1946.

3. In section 135(4X6), for the reference to a tribunal established under section 12 of the Industrial Training Act 1964 there shall be substituted a reference to a tribunal established under section 13 of the Industrial Training Act (Northern Ireland) 1964.

4. In section 137(3)(a) and (4), the references to the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity shall, in relation to agreements affecting persons employed in Northern Ireland by an authority to whom that section applies, include a reference to the Ministry of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland.

5. In section 160, references to sections 12 and 112 of the Stamp Act 1891, section 12 of the Finance Act 1895 and section 8 of the Finance Act 1899 shall be construed as including references to those sections as they apply in relation to stamp duties chargeable in Northern Ireland; and for the purposes of the application of the said section 160 in relation to those duties, references to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall be construed as references to the Ministry of Finance for Northern Ireland.

6. In Schedule 4, in paragraph 2(4), the reference to the Secretary of State for Employment and Productivity shall, in relation to agreements affecting persons employed in Northern Ireland, include a reference to the Ministry of Health and Social Services for Northern Ireland.

7. In Schedule 4, in paragraph 3, for the reference to section 64 of the Law of Property Act 1925, there shall be substituted a reference to section 9 of the Conveyancing Act 1881.

8. An arbitrator for the purposes of paragraph 13(3) of Schedule 4 shall, where the proceedings are to be held in Northern Ireland, be appointed by the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland.

9. References to enactments or statutory provisions include references to enactments of the Parliament of Northern Ireland and provisions, whether of a general or special nature, contained in, or in any document made or issued under, any Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, whether of a general or a special nature.

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2373

SCHEDULE 18 Repeals

Sections 94 and 165.

Part 1

Repeals in Transport Act 1962 (10 & 11 Eliz. 2 c. 46.

Section 2.

In section 4, as from the appointed day for the purposes of the transfer to the Bus Company under section 29(2) of this Act, subsection (2Xn) and (b) and subsections (3) and (4).

Section 6.

In section 10, subsection (2) and, in subsection (4), the words "and (2)".

In section 11(4), the words from "but the Minister* to "by the Board’*.

In section 13, subsection (2), subsection (4) (except as respects proposals approved thereunder before the appointed day for the purposes of section 48 of this Act), and subsections (5) to (8).

Section 18(1).

In section 19(3), as from 1st January 1969, paragraph (6) from " but ’* onwards and paragraph (i).

Sections 20(6), 22(2), (3), (6) and (7), 23(2), (3), (5), and (6), and 25(3) and (4).

In section 39(6), the words " Subject to the next following section *’.

Sections 40 and 42(2).

In section 53, paragraph (a) of subsection (1), subsection (2), and in subsection (4) die words " paragraph (b) of subsection (2) or *.

Sections 55.56(11), (16) and (18), 61(1) and (3). 64 and 72(4).

In section 85(1) the words from " After the entry relating to the National * onwards.

In section 85(2), the words " or the Hotel Company * and the words from " or of * onwards.

In section 85(3), the words from " or of *’ onwards.

Section 87.

In Schedule 1, in the heading, the words "THE REGIONAL RAILWAY BOARDS * and Part H.

In Schedule 7, paragraphs 9 and 10.

In Schedule 11, in Part n, in paragraph 1, the words "In subsection (5) of section 2 and *.

Part n

Repbals in Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967 (1967 c. 76.

In section 1(2), the words from " The powers ’* onwards; and, in section 1(5), the words from " but " onwards.

Sections 2, 3 and 4.

2374

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Sen* 18 In section 5(1), the words " and confirmed by the appropriate Minister " and die words " and confirmed " in the second place where they occur; in section 5(2), the words " and confirmed " in both places where they occur; and section 5(5) and (6).

In section 6(2), the words 44 or the Minister " and the words from " but " onwards; and section 6 (10).

Section 7(1).

Section 8(2) to (5).

In section 9(1), the words 44and the next following" and the words from "(including" to "Minister)"; in section 9(2), the words "or the appropriate Minister" and the words from "but" onwards; and section 9(6) and (7).

Section 10.

In section 11(2). the words 44 subject to section 84(2) of this Act".

Section 15(3); in section 15(4), the words 44 being the traffic area "; and section 15(5) to (7).

Section 26(3), (4), (7) and (8).

In section 28(7), the words 44 31(7) or 32(1)".

Section 32(1) to (4).

In section 33(2)(a), the words " with the consent of the Minister "; section 33(4); in section 33(5), the words 44 being the traffic area "; and section 33(6), (7) and (10).

Section 35(8); and in section 35(9) the words 44 or an order under subsection (8) above ".

Section 38.

Section 39(3), (4) and (5).

Section 40(1); in section 40(2), the words 44 of the Minister or the appropriate Minister "; and section 40(3) to (8).

Section 41(4).

In section 42(1X^>. the words 44 of the appropriate Minister or the Greater London Council"; in section 42(3), the word 44 local", the words 44 (or the appropriate Minister, if he controls it) are or ", and the words44 or, as the case may be, that Minister "; and section 42(9).

Section 45(2).

In section 56(1), the words 44Minister or the" in both places where they occur, the words 44 the Minister or, as the case may be ", and the words 44 to the Minister or ".

In section 56(2), the words from 44 or, to " to 44 or 9, the Minister " and the words 44 or Minister ".

In section 56(3), the words from 44 and the Minister " onwards.

In section 62(3), the words44 the Minister or " in both places where they occur, and the words 44 as the case may be ".

In section 73(2), the words 44 by statutory instrument "; section 73(3) from the word 44 after " where first occurring onwards; and section 73(4) and (5).

In section 74(2)(6), the words44 either the appropriate Minister or "; and section 74(3) to (6).

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2375

In section 76(2X6). the words from * and. in " onwards. Sch. 18

Section 77(4).

In section 80(1 Xa), the words " left or parked ".

Section 84(2).

In section 97(2), the words " to 4 " and the words from " (except " to " 39(3)) *.

In section 104(1), in the definition of 44designation order*, the words 44designating parking places* and the words from 44and* onwards.

In section 106(1) and in section 106(3), the words 44 to 4 *.

Section 113(2) from the beginning to44 the said '*.

Schedule 4.

So much of Schedule 6 as amends section 153(4) of the Act of 1960.

Part m Miscellaneous Repeals

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

51 & 52 Vict, c. 25. The Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888. Section 45.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43. The Road Traffic Act 1930. Section 102.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 49. The Transport Act 1947. Section 37.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 11. The Harbours, Piers & Ferries (Scotland) Act 1953. The whole Act.

3 &4 Eliz. 2. c. 26. The Public Service Vehicles (Travel Concessions) Act 1955. In section 1, subsections (4) and (6).

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. The House of Com- In Part n of Schedule 1, and in the

c. 20. mons Disqualification Act 1957. Part substituted therefor by Schedule 3, the entries " The Nationalised Transport Advisory Council* and "A Regional Railway Board *. In Part m of Schedule 1, in the entry beginning " Director of the Holding Company'* the words 44 or the Hotel Company * and the words from 44 or of * onwards. In Schedule 3, in the Part substituted by that Schedule for the said Part III, in the entry beginning 44 Director of the Holding Company " the words from 44 or of* onwards.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 55. The Local Government Act 1958. Section 38(6).

2376

Ch. 73

Transport Act 1968

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. The Road Traffic Act Section 73.

c. 16. 1960. Section 154(1). Section 186. Section 188(1). Section 227(1) and (2). In section 234 the words " section 186 of this Act or ". In section 237, in subsection (1), the words " (other than a document produced by virtue of subsection (2) of section 227)’* and, in subsection (2), paragraph (d), together with the word "or " which precedes it In section 250(3) the words " and 73 ".

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Road Traffic Act Sections 20 and 21.

c. 59. 1962. In Schedule 4, in Part I, the entry relating to section 259 of the Road Traffic Act 1960.

1964 c. 40. The Harbours Act In section 30(4) the words " (other

1964. than any of the Boards)" and the words from "or by" to " 1962 ".

1965 c. 62. The Redundancy In section 48, in subsection (5), the

Payments Act 1965. words from "except" to "subsection ", and subsection (6).

1966 c. 17. The Transport Section 1(2).

Finances Act 1966. In section 1(3), the words from " except " to " pounds ". Section 2. In section 3(3), the words " except section 2".

1966 c. 18. The Finance Act In section 35(3), the words "in

1966. either case ".

1966 c. 46. The Bus Fuel Grants As from 1st January 1969, the

Act 1966. whole Act.

1967 c. xx. The Greater London Council (General Powers) Act 1967. Section 26.

1968 c. 3. The Capital Allow- In section 83(4), the words " (wheth-

ances Act 1968. er under paragraph (a) or (6) above) ".

1968 c. 44. The Finance Act As from 1st January 1969, section

I 1968. 2(1 m

Part IV

Repeals as from Appointed Day for Purposes of Section 94(8)

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1 & 2 Geo. 6. The Road Haulage Section 9.

c. 44. Wages Act 1938.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2. The Tribunals and In Schedule 1, in paragraph 21(6),

c. 66. Inquiries Act 1958. as amended by Schedule 10 to this Act, the words " Part IV of the Road Traffic Act 1960 or

Transport Act 1968

Ch. 73

2377

Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 69.

8 & 9 Eliz. 2. c. 16.

The Wages Councils Act 1959.

The Road Traffic Act 1960.

Section 21.

Sections 164 to 182.

Section 188(2).

In section 189, in subsection (2), the words from "licensing authorities" to "licensing authority" and the words "and any other officers or servants appointed for the purposes of this Part of this Act ", and, in subsection (3), the words " establishment charges and ", " licensing authorities " and " and any other officers or servants appointed by the Minister for the purposes of this Part of this Act

In section 190, in subsection (1), the words "or the Thirteenth Schedule thereto ", paragraph (a), in paragraph (6) die words from " applications " to " licences, and on" and paragraphs (c) to (/), and subsection (2).

In section 191, in subsection (1), the words "and the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Schedules thereto " and the definition of "statutory attendant", and subsection (2).

In section 237(2), paragraphs (a) and (6), and the words " or plate " wherever they occur.

In section 254(1), the words " and the Thirteenth Schedule thereto ".

Section 259(3).

Schedules 13 and 14.

In Schedule 19, in paragraph 4(2), the words from " except " onwards.

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Transport Act c. 46. 1962.

In section 57(4) the words from " and shall consist " onwards. Section 60(1).

Section 82.

In Schedule 2, in Part I, the provision relating to section 174 of the Road Traffic Act 1960.

Sch. 18

11 & 12 Eliz. 2.

c. 59.

1967 c. 30.

The Road Traffic Act 1962.

The Road Safety Act 1967.

1968 c. 73.

The Transport Act

1968.

Section 22.

Section 18(4).

In section 33(3) the words "or paragraph (2) of Schedule 14 to ". In Schedule 1, paragraph 19.

In Schedule 16, paragraphs 3 and 6.

Ch. 74

2379

Customs (Import Deposits)

Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 74

An Act to grant a new duty of customs repayable after a specified period.

[5th December 1968]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty’s public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, there shall be Charge of charged on all goods imported into the United Kingdom a duty hnp<ut of customs, to be known as an import deposit, which, subject to depo81t4‘ subsection (11) of this section, shall be fifty per cent of the value of the goods.

(2) An import deposit shall become repayable to the person by whom it was paid at the end of a period of 180 days beginning with the day on which it was paid; and where the entry of any goods names a person as having paid the import deposit in respect thereof, payment by the Commissioners to that person shall be a complete discharge of their liability under this subsection in respect of the import deposit paid on those goods.

(3) The import deposit chargeable on any goods shall be payable in addition to any other duty of customs for the time being

2380

Ch. 74

Customs (Import Deposits) Act 1968

1958 c. 6.

.I. 1968/679.

1963 c. 9. 1952 c. 44.

1964 c. 49. 1961 c. 36.

chargeable thereon and, notwithstanding the provisions of section 3(1) of the Import Duties Act 1958 or of any other provision contained in an Act other than this Act, the charge of import deposit shall not affect liability to customs duty chargeable under any other enactment or the amount of any such duty.

(4) Without prejudice to subsection (3) above, the definition of "revenue duty " in Article 2(5) of the Import Duties (General) (No. 4) Order 1968 (under which duty under the Import Duties Act 1958 is, in certain cases, only chargeable so far as the relevant rate of duty exceeds the revenue duty) shall not include any import deposit.

(5) Notwithstanding paragraph 2(b) of Schedule 2 to the Purchase Tax Act 1963, wholesale value for the purposes of purchase tax shall be arrived at without taking account of import deposit, and the charge of import deposit shall not affect liability to purchase tax under Group 35 in Part I of Schedule 1 to the Purchase Tax Act 1963 (which charges manufactured beverages but excludes those chargeable with any duty of customs specifically charged on spirits, beer, or wine and preparations thereof).

(6) Section 259 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 (duties in respect of dutiable parts or ingredients) shall not have effect in relation to any import deposit.

(7) Section 273(3) of the said Act of 1952 (disregard of fractions of a penny) shall apply for the purpose of calculating the amount of any import deposit as if fractions of a pound were substituted for fractions of a penny.

(8) Import deposit in respect of goods entered for warehousing shall become chargeable at the time when, under section 28(2) of the Customs and Excise Act 1952, the goods are so entered for warehousing; and, so far as relates to import deposit—

(a) section 34(2)(a) of that Act (incidence of duty) shall apply

to goods so entered for warehousing as if they were goods entered for home use, and to the exclusion of section 88 and section 34(2)(b) of that Act (under which the incidence of duty is in general determined as at the time of removal from warehouse), and

(b) section 196 of that Act (time of payment of duty on hydrocarbon oils removed to a refinery), and section 6(1)(2) of the Finance Act 1964 (delivery of hydrocarbon oils for home use without payment of duty) shall not apply.

(9) Section 9 of the Finance Act 1961 (power to introduce surcharges or rebates in respect of customs and excise duties) shall not apply to any import deposit.

Customs (Import Deposits) Act 1968

Ch. 74

2381

(10) Section 10 of the Finance Act 1901 (under which the 1901 c. 7. burden of a new duty imposed on a seller under a contract made before the new duty takes effect may, in the absence of agreement

to the contrary, be transferred to the buyer) shall not apply to any import deposit.

(11) The Treasury may by order made by statutory instrument, subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament, provide, either as respects import deposits generally or as respects import deposits payable in respect of any specified description of goods, that the amount thereof shall be reduced from the percentage of the value of the goods specified in subsection (1) of this section, or obtaining by virtue of a previous order made under this subsection, to such lesser percentage as may be specified in the order.

(12) This section shall have effect as from 27th November 1968.

2. —(1) No import deposit shall be payable in respect of any goods Exemptions which are entered for home use or for warehousing if their value, and reliefs, together with that of any other goods comprised in the same

entry (excluding goods exempt apart from this subsection from the payment of import deposit), does not exceed fifty pounds.

(2) No import deposit shall be payable, in the case of a person entering the United Kingdom, in respect of any of his personal effects, whether or not carried with him or contained in his accompanied baggage.

(3) No import deposit shall be payable in respect of goods of the descriptions specified in Schedule 1 to this Act (being goods classified in accordance with the Customs Tariff 1959).

(4) The Treasury may by order made by statutory instrument, subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament, add to Schedule 1 to this Act any description of goods specified in the order.

(5) Subject to subsection (4) of this section. Schedule 1 to this Act shall be construed in accordance with the interpretative provisions at the end of that Schedule.

(6) Schedule 2 to this Act (which authorises the giving of certain reliefs) shall apply for the purposes of this Act.

3. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Customs (Import Deposits) Short title.

Act 1968. interpretation

extent and

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the Customs and duration.

Excise Act 1952. 1952 c. 44.

(3) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

Ch. 74

Customs (Import Deposits) Act 1968

(4) Duty under section 1 of this Act shall cease to be in force at the expiration of a period of one year beginning with the date on which this Act is passed, or at such earlier time as the Treasury may appoint by order in a statutory instrument laid before the Commons House of Parliament.

(5) Where, under Schedule 2 to this Act or under any other provision of the Customs Acts, import deposit has been remitted or repaid subject to a liability to pay the import deposit if any conditions or restrictions are not observed, subsection (4) above shall not affect that liability.

Customs (Import Deposits) Act 1968

Ch. 74

2383

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 Exempted Goods

Description of goods (employing the Customs Tariff 1959)

Chapter 1 (all headings) Chapter 2 (all headings) Chapter 3 (all headings) Chapter 4 (all headings)

Chapter 5 (all headings)

Chapter 7 (all headings)

Chapter 8 (all headings)

Chapter 9 (all headings) Chapter 10 (all headings) Chapter 11 (all headings)

Chapter 12 (all headings)

Chapter 13 (all headings)

Chapter 14 (all headings)

Chapter 15 (all headings)

Chapter 16 (all headings)

Chapter 17 (all headings) Chapter 18 (all headings) Chapter 19 (all headings)

Chapter 20 (all headings)

Chapter 21 (all headings)

22.10

Chapter 23 (all headings)

24.01

Chapter 25 (all headings)

Chapter 26 (all headings)

Title of tariff chapter, or summary of tariff heading

Live animals.

Meat and edible meat offals.

Fish, crustaceans and molluscs.

Dairy produce; birds* eggs; natural honey.

Products of animal origin, not elsewhere specified or included.

Edible vegetables and certain roots and tubers.

Edible fruit and nuts; peel of melons or citrus fruit.

Coffee, tea, matd and spices.

Cereals.

Products of the milling industry; malt and starches; gluten; inulin.

Oil seeds and oleaginous fruit; miscellaneous grains, seeds and fruit; industrial and medical plants; straw and fodder.

Raw vegetable materials of a kind suitable for use in dyeing or in tanning; lacs; gums, resins and other vegetable saps and extracts.

Vegetable plaiting and carving materials; vegetable products not elsewhere specified or included.

Animal and vegetable fats and oils and their cleavage products; prepared edible fats; animal and vegetable waxes.

Preparations of meat, of fish, of crustaceans or molluscs.

Sugars and sugar confectionery.

Cocoa and cocoa preparations.

Preparations of cereals, flour or starch; pastrycooks’ products.

Preparations of vegetables, fruit or other parts of plants.

Miscellaneous edible preparations.

Vinegar and substitutes for vinegar.

Residues and waste from the food industries; prepared animal fodder.

Unmanufactured tobacco.

Salt; sulphur; earths and stone; plastering materials, lime and cement.

Metallic ores, slag and ash.

4 G

Section 2(3).

2384

Ch. 74

Customs ( Import Deposits) Act 1968

Sch. 1 Description of goods

(employing the Customs Tariff 1959)

Chapter 27 (all headings)...

Bromine and iodine within

28.01.

Silicon, selenium and tellurium within 28.04.

Mercury within 28.05

Arsenic trioxide within

28.11.

31.01

Natural sodium nitrate

within 31.02.

Basic slag within 31.03.

All goods within 31.04 except potassium chloride (analytical re - agent quality).

Fertilisers within 31.05 consisting solely of natural potassium nitrate and natural sodium nitrate.

32.01

32.04

33.01

All goods within 35.01 except casein glues.

35.02

Edible gelatin within 35.03. 37.04, 37.05, 37.06 and 37.07

Flux calcined diatomite within 38.03.

38.05

38.06

38.07

38.08

Calcined bauxite within 38.19.

40.01

40.03 and 40.04

41.01

Title of tariff chapter, or summary of tariff heading

Mineral fuels, mineral oils and products of their distillation; bituminous substances; mineral waxes.

Guano.

Mineral or chemical fertilisers, potassic.

Tanning extracts of vegetable origin.

Colouring matter of vegetable origin or animal origin.

Essential oils (terpeneless or not); concretes and absolutes; resinoids.

Casein, caseinates and other casein derivatives.

Albumins, albuminates and other albumin derivatives.

Exposed film and plates.

Tall oil.

Concentrated sulphite-lye.

Spirits of turpentine and other terpenic solvents; crude dipentene; sulphite turpentine; pine oil.

Rosin and resin acids and derivatives; rosin spirit and rosin oils.

Natural rubber.

Reclaimed and waste rubber. Raw hides and skins.

Customs ( Import Deposits) Act 1968

Ch. 74

2385

Description of goods (employing the Customs Tariff 1959)

Leather within 41.02, 41.03, 41.04 and 41.05, other than dressed leather.

41.09

43.01

44.01 to 44.12

45.01 and 45.02

47.01 and 47.02

49.01 to 49.07

Trade advertising material within 49.09 and 49.10, being material the primary purpose of which is to stimulate travel outside the United Kingdom.

Trade advertising material within 49.11, being publications, illustrated or not, the primary purpose of which is to stimulate study or travel outside the United Kingdom, or to advertise exhibitions held outside the United Kingdom, and less than full-size reproductions thereof.

Printed matter within 49.11, being-less than full-size reproductions of articles falling within 49.01 to 49.07, or less than full-size reproductions of trade advertising material within 49.09 and 49.10, being material the primary purpose of which is to stimulate travel outside the United Kingdom, or parts of books or booklets in the form of printed pictures or illustrations not bearing a text and less

Title of tariff chapter, or summary of tariff heading

Leather parings and waste.

Raw furskins.

Wood, not planed or further manufactured.

Natural cork and waste cork.

Paper-making materials (pulp and waste paper).

Books, newspapers, maps, charts, manuscripts, typescripts, stamps, etc.

4 G 2

SCH. 1

2386

Ch. 74

Customs ( Import Deposits) Act 1968

Sch. I Description of goods

(employing the Customs Tariff 1959)

than full-size reproductions thereof, or printed documents, printed diagrams and printed architectural, engineering and similar industrial designs or plans, not being trade advertising material, and less than full-size reproductions thereof.

Photographic prints within 49.11 imported in a packet not exceeding 8 ounces in gross weight which does not form part of a larger consignment.

50.01, 50.02 and 50.03 ...

53.01

53.02

53.03 and 53.04

53.05

54.01 and 54.02

55.01.55.02.55.03 and 55.04

57.01.57.02.57.03 and 57.04

57.06

Yam of coir within 57.07,

not containing man-made fibres.

57.10

Hand-made knotted carpets, carpeting and rugs within

58.01.

Coir mats and matting within 58.02.

Jute sacks and bags within 62.03.

Chapter 63 (all headings)...

71.01 to 71.10

Title of tariff chapter, or summary of tariff heading

Silk worm cocoons, raw silk and silk waste.

Sheep’s or lamb’s wool, not carded or combed.

Other animal hair, not carded or combed.

Waste of sheep’s or lamb's wool or of other animal hair.

Sheep's or lamb's wool, or other animal hair, carded or combed.

Unspun flax and ramie.

Raw cotton, linters and waste; cotton, carded or combed.

Unspun hemp, jute and other vegetable textile fibres.

Yam of jute.

Woven fabrics of jute.

Old clothing and other textile articles; rags.

Pearls, synthetic and natural, precious and semi-precious stones and precious metals not fully manufactured.

Customs (Import Deposits) Act 1968

Ch. 74

2387

'v

Description of goods (employing the Customs Tariff 1959)

71.11

Chapter 72

73.01

73.02

73.03, 73.04 and 73.05 ...

74.01 and 74.02

75.01

Unwrought nickel electroplating anodes within 75.05.

76.01

77.01

Waste and scrap beryllium within 77.04 and unwrought beryllium within 77.04.

Title of tariff chapter, or summary of tariff heading

Waste and scrap of precious metals.

Coin.

Pig iron, cast iron and spiegeleisen, in pigs, blocks, lumps and similar forms.

Ferro-alloys.

Iron and steel waste, scrap, shot, grit and powder.

Copper matte; unwrought copper; copper waste and scrap; master alloys.

Nickel mattes; unwrought nickel; nickel waste and scrap.

Unwrought aluminium and waste and scrap.

Unwrought magnesium and waste and scrap.

78.01 Unwrought lead; lead waste and scrap.

79.01 Unwrought zinc; zinc waste and scrap.

80.01 Unwrought tin; tin waste and scrap.

Chapter 81 (all headings)... Certain base metals employed in

metallurgy and articles thereof.

Aircraft within 88.02 of a maximum total weight exceeding 18,000 lbs.

(maximum total weight to be that authorised in the certificate of airworthiness in force in respect of the aircraft or, if there is no such certificate in force, ascertained in such manner as the Commissioners may direct).

Ships and other descriptions of goods within

89.01, 89.02 and 89.03, if of a gross tonnage of 80 tons or more (ascertained in accordance with the Merchant Shipping

4 G 3

SCH. 1

2388

Ch. 74

Customs (Import Deposits) Act 1968

SCH. 1

Section 2(6).

1958 c. 6.

Description of goods Title of tariff chapter, or summary of (employing the Customs tariff heading

Tariff 1959)

Acts or, if not ships with a gross tonnage under those Acts, ascertained in such manner as the Commissioners may direct).

Fishing vessels within 89.01 of the kind commonly known as Danish-type seiners with a fuel carrying capacity of not less than 500 gallons.

89.04 Vessels for breaking up.

Sound recordings not produced in quantity and not for general sale, within 92.12.

Chapter 99 (all headings) Works of art, collectors* pieces and

antiques.

1. References in this Schedule to the provisions of the Customs Tariff 1959 are references to those provisions as for the time being in force.

2. The titles of chapters of the Customs Tariff 1959 and summaries of headings of the tariff in column 2 of this Schedule are provided for ease of reference only, and do not affect the descriptions in column 1 of this Schedule.

SCHEDULE 2 Reliefs

Goods intended for use in shipbuildin, repairing or refitting

1.—(1) The Commissioners may remit—

(a) the import deposit payable in respect of any goods if satisfied that it is intended to remove them to a registered shipbuilding yard and to use them in the yard as components, parts, preservatives or finishes of any ship being built, repaired or refitted in the yard, or of any such ship’s equipment or machinery, and

(b) the import deposit payable in respect of goods of descriptions

for the time being prescribed for the purposes of section 5(3) of the Import Duties Act 1958 (relief for goods used in the construction and repair of boilers or propelling machinery of ships, and of accessories of such boilers and machinery) if satisfied that it is intended to use them (outside a registered shipbuilding yard) as components, parts, preservatives or

Customs ( Import Deposits) Act 1968

Ch. 74

2389

finishes of the boilers or propelling machinery of ships, or of Sch. 2 the accessories of such boilers and machinery,

but subject (in cases under both paragraph (a) and paragraph (b)) to such conditions and restrictions as the Commissioners may think fit to impose for the purpose of securing that the deposit is paid if the goods are disposed of or used in a way not qualifying for remission under this paragraph.

(2) Sub-paragraph (1 )(a) of this paragraph shall not apply in relation to any ship of a description which is not for the time being included in Schedule 1 to this Act, and if the boilers or propelling machinery, or accessories thereof, in which goods qualifying for remission under sub-paragraph (l)(/9 of this paragraph have been used as components or parts are used in a ship of a description which is not for the time being included in Schedule 1 to this Act, the deposit remitted in respect of those goods under this paragraph shall again become payable.

(3) In this paragraph " registered shipbuilding yard " means

premises constituting such a yard for the purposes of the Import Duties Act 1958 or any shipbuilding yard in the Isle of Man. 1958 c. 6.

Goods intended for use in build, repairing or servicing

aircraft or for tests or experiments

2.—(1) The Commissioners may remit the import deposit payable in respect of any goods—

(a) if satisfied that it is intended to use them as components or

parts of any aircraft of a maximum total weight exceeding 18,000 pounds in the course of building, repairing, refitting, maintaining or servicing the aircraft, or

(b) if and so far as the relief appears to the Commissioners to be

necessary or expedient with a view to conforming with an international agreement relating to the importation of materials, parts or components to be subjected to tests or experiments in the course of designing or developing a type of aircraft of a maximum total weight exceeding 18,000 pounds,

but subject to such conditions and restrictions as the Commissioners may think fit to impose for the purpose of securing that the deposit is paid if the goods are used in a way not qualifying for remission under this paragraph.

(2) A maximum total weight for the purposes of this paragraph is that authorised in the certificate of airworthiness in force in respect of the aircraft or, if there is no such certificate in force, is that ascertained in such manner as the Commissioners may direct.

Goods for export

3.—(1) The Commissioners may remit import deposit payable in respect of any goods if satisfied—

(a) that it is intended to re-export the imported goods, or goods incorporating the imported goods, or goods manufactured or produced from the imported goods; or

4 G 4

2390

Ch. 74

Customs {Import Deposits) Act 1968

Sch. 2

1958 c. 6.

(6) that the remission of import deposit would conduce to the exportation of other goods, being goods constituting or incorporating, or manufactured or produced from, equivalent articles.

(2) The Commissioners may repay import deposit paid in respect of any goods if satisfied that those goods, or goods incorporating the imported goods, or manufactured or produced from the imported goods, have been exported.

(3) Any remission or repayment of import deposit under this paragraph shall be subject to such conditions and restrictions, if any, as the Commissioners may think fit to impose for the protection of the Revenue; and if any condition or restriction so imposed is not complied with, or if, where import deposit has been remitted under paragraph

(i)(a) above, the goods are disposed of or used in a way inconsistent with the intention to re-export, the import deposit remitted or repaid shall become payable, or repayable, to the Commissioners.

(4) In this paragraph "equivalent articles" means goods of any description which, in the opinion of the Commissioners (having regard to such matters, and in particular to such of the following matters, namely, the description, quantity, quality, value and function of those goods and the imported articles respectively, as appear to the Commissioners to be relevant in the particular circumstances) are sufficiently similar to the imported articles or to goods which could be manufactured or produced from the imported articles, to be reasonably regarded for the purposes of relief under this paragraph as interchangeable with those articles or, as the case may be, with goods manufactured or produced from them.

(5) To facilitate applications for relief under this paragraph, the Commissioners may extend the said definition of "equivalent articles " so as to include all or any categories of articles which are classified in the Customs Tariff 1959 (as applied by orders under the Import Duties Act 1958), in the same heading, sub-heading or sub-division of a sub-heading as the imported goods; and, where the relevant heading is sub-divided, it shall be for the Commissioners to determine, as between the heading, and the relevant sub-heading or further subdivision, which is the appropriate classification to select.

(6) For the purposes of this paragraph—

(a) any reference to goods produced or manufactured from any

imported goods shall be construed as including cases where the goods are produced or manufactured partly from the imported goods, or wholly or partly from other goods produced or manufactured from the imported goods;

(b) any container in which goods are exported, being a container—

(i) which is provided by the supplier of the exported goods and is not required to be returned to him, and

(ii) for which, if it were returned to him, that supplier would give no credit and would discharge no contingent liability,

shall be treated as forming part of the exported goods.

Customs ( Import Deposits) Act 1968

Ch. 74

2391

4.—(1) So far as relates to import deposits, section 38 of the Customs Sgh. 2

and Excise Act 1952 (under which imported goods may be warehoused 1952 c. 44. without payment of duty) shall not apply to goods entered for warehousing unless the Commissioners are satisfied that the goods—

(a) are being warehoused for the purpose of exportation or use

as stores, or use in a way qualifying for remission of the deposit under paragraph 1, paragraph 2 or paragraph 9 of this Schedule; or

(b) are goods which are being warehoused in the course of a trade

or business in which the major part of the goods of the kind in question which are imported in the course of the trade or business are re-exported.

(2) Goods warehoused without payment of import deposit under paragraph (a) of the preceding sub-paragraph shall not be removed from warehouse, or otherwise removed from the control of the Commissioners, for any purpose, other than a purpose for which they may be warehoused without payment of deposit, except with the permission of the Commissioners given on being satisfied that it is impracticable to use the goods for any purpose for which goods may be warehoused under this paragraph without payment of deposit, ana except after the deposit has been paid.

(3) Goods warehoused without payment of import deposit under sub-paragraph (1)(6) of this paragraph shall not be removed from warehouse, or otherwise removed from the control of the Commissioners, for home use except after the deposit has been paid.

Reduction of duty on goods re-imported after processing

5.—(1) Where there are imported into the United Kingdom any goods which—

(a) have been previously exported from the United Kingdom (whether produced here or not), and

(b) after being so exported have undergone outside the United

Kingdom a process which has not changed their form or character, and

(c) if they had not undergone that process, would on their im-

portation have been exempted from import deposit by virtue of section 35 or section 36 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 (goods re-imported without undergoing any process),

then, subject to the provisions of this paragraph, any import deposit which apart from this paragraph would be payable on their importation shall be reduced by the amount specified in the next following sub-paragraph or, if equal to or less than that amount, shall not be payable.

(2) Subject to the next following sub-paragraph, the amount referred to above is, in the case of any goods, the amount of the import deposit payable (apart from any relief under the said section 35 or section 36 or under this paragraph) on the importation of the like goods which are in the same state as the goods in question were in when exported from the United Kingdom.

4 G*

2392

Ch. 74

Customs ( Import Deposits) Act 1968

Sch. 2

1952 c. 44.

1958 c. 6.

SJ. 1958/1976.

1964 c. 81. 1950 c. 14.

(3) For the purposes of this paragraph, any sum contracted to be paid for the execution of a process on any goods shall be prima facie evidence of the difference attributable to that process between the value of the goods and the value of the like goods referred to in sub-para-graph (2) above; but this provision shall be without prejudice to the powers of the Commissioners under any enactment as to the ascertainment of the value of goods.

(4) For the purpose of determining whether any goods would have been exempted from import deposit as mentioned in sub-paragraph

(l)(c) above under section 36 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952, any such deposit payable in respect of them on a previous importation into the United Kingdom but not required to be paid shall be deemed not to have been payable.

Articles for scientific , etc.

6. —(1) Articles intended to be used in scientific research, or for a purpose connected with the advancement of any branch of learning or art or with the promotion of any sport, and not intended to be sold, or to be used for any purpose which is substantially a commercial purpose, shall qualify for relief from import deposit in accordance with this paragraph.

(2) In relation to articles of the description in sub-paragraph (1) above (which is the same as the description in paragraph 3 of Schedule 4 to the Import Duties Act 1958 (goods qualifying for exemption under Treasury directions)) section 6 of that Act (power to exempt particular importations of certain goods) shall apply as respects the repayment or remission of import deposit as it applies as respects the repayment or remission of import duty.

Goods specially designed for the , scientific or

cultural advancement of the blind

7. —(1) The Import Duty Reliefs (No. 4) Order 1958 (goods specially designed for the education, scientific or cultural advancement of the blind) shall apply as respects the repayment or remission of import deposit as it applies as respects the repayment or remission of import duty.

(2) References in section 10 of the Import Duties Act 1958 (offences in connection with applications for relief) to relief under section 5 of that Act, or subsection (1) of that section, shall include references to relief given by virtue of this paragraph.

Diplomatic privileges

8. For the purpose of giving effect to any exemption from import deposit conferred, whether before or after the commencement of this Act—

(a) by or under the Diplomatic Privileges Act 1964 or the Inter-

national Organisations (Immunities and Privileges) Act

1950, or

(b) by any other enactment, or provision having effect thereunder,

which is framed by reference to diplomatic privileges of the

Customs ( Import Deposits) Act 1968

Ch. 74

2393

kind specified in the said Act of 1964, or by reference to Sch. 2 immunities and privileges under the said Act of 1950,

the Commissioners may, subject to such conditions and restrictions as they may impose, allow goods to be warehoused or delivered or removed on importation without payment of any import deposit.

Spirits used in manufacture

9. Where under section 111 or 122 of the Customs and Excise Act 1952 c. 44. 1952 duty on imported spirits charged under section 1 of the Finance 1964 c. 49. Act 1964 is remitted or reduced, any import deposit payable in respect of those spirits shall be remitted.

4 G* 2

Ch. 75

2395

Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 75

An Act to provide for increasing the capital of the Civil Contingencies Fund; to provide for making payments to the Governments of Northern Ireland and the Isle of Man in respect of revenue from the continental shelf; and to enable the Industrial Reorganisation Corporation to borrow in currencies other than sterling.

[18th December 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. In section 1(3) of the Miscellaneous Financial Provisions increase Act 1955 (which limits the capital of the Civil Contingencies in Civil Fund, including the permanent capital of one million five hundred Contingencies thousand pounds, to £75 million or such lower amount as the * Treasury may by order direct) for the words " seventy-five J?"? * |j. 2, million pounds" there shall be substituted the words "£125^ ’ '}

million

2.—(1) For any financial year in which the proceeds from Northern petroleum licences granted for the continental shelf exceed the Ireland and expenses of administration the Minister of Power shall out of Man moneys provided by Parliament make payments to the Government avenue from of Northern Ireland and the Government of the Isle of Man of continental amounts equal respectively to the Northern Ireland share and shelf, the Isle of Man share of the balance, calculated in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

4 G* 3

t

2396

Ch. 75

Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act 1968

(2) Where for any financial year the expenses of administration exceed those proceeds, both shall be carried forward and treated for the purposes of this section as expenses and proceeds of the following year.

(3) For the purposes of this section the Northern Ireland share and the Isle of Man share of the balance calculated for any financial year shall be taken respectively to be the amounts which bear to the whole of that balance the same proportion as the population of Northern Ireland or, as the case may be, the Isle of Man, bears to the total population of the United Kingdom and the Isle of Man, as determined by the last census taken before

1920 c. 41. the end of the financial year under the Census Act 1920 or any corresponding enactment in force in Northern Ireland or the Isle of Man.

(4) For the purposes of this section the expenses of administration for a financial year shall be taken to be so much of the expenses incurred by any government department in that year as, in the opinion of the Treasury, is properly attributable to the exercise of the Minister of Power’s functions under section 1

1964 c. 29. of the Continental Shelf Act 1964 and shall include an amount

representing liability in respect of benefits that may become

1965 c. 74. payable under the Superannuation Act 1965 in respect of persons

employed in that year in connection with that Act.

(5) In this section "petroleum licences granted for the continental shelf " means licences granted under section 2 of the

1934 c. 36. Petroleum (Production) Act 1934 as applied by section 1(3) of the Continental Shelf Act 1964.

Borrowing powers of Industrial

3.—(1) In subsection (1) of section 3 of the Industrial Reorganisation Corporation Act 1966 (borrowing powers) after R paragraphs (a)and (b)(which enable the Industrial Reorganisation Corporation.011 Corporation to borrow temporarily from any person, and other-1966 c 50 wise than by way of temporary loan from the Secretary of State) there shall be inserted the following paragraph:—

" (c) in currencies other than sterling, whether temporarily or otherwise than by way of temporary loan, and whether by the issue of securities or otherwise, from any person; "

(2) For subsection (2) of that section there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" (2) The aggregate of the amounts outstanding in respect of any temporary loans raised by the Corporation in sterling and the aggregate of the amounts outstanding in respect of any loans raised by the Corporation in currencies other than

Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act 1968 Ch. 75

2397

sterling shall not exceed such limits respectively as the Secretary of State may for the time being have imposed on the Corporation by a direction given to the Corporation with the approval of the Treasury."

4. This Act may be cited as the Miscellaneous Financial Short title.

Provisions Act 1968.

4 G* 4

Ch. 76

2399

Expiring Laws Continuance Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 76

An Act to continue certain expiring laws.

[18th December 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Acts mentioned in columns 1 and 2 of the Schedule Continuance to this Act (which, to the extent specified in column 3 of thatof certain Schedule, are limited to expire at the end of December 1968) eSamlnts shall, to that extent, continue in force till the end of December 1969.

(2) Part VII of the Licensing Act 1964 (which is limited to 1964 c. 26. expire at the end of March 1969) shall continue in force till the end of March 1970.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Short title and Act 1968. application to

Northern

(2) Except in so far as it continues section 1 of the Aliens Ireland. Restriction (Amendment) Act 1919, section 4 of the Children 1919 c. 92. and Young Persons (Harmful Publications) Act 1955, section 3 1955 c. 28. of the Emergency Laws (Repeal) Act 1959 and Part I of, and 1959 c*19* Schedule 1 to, the Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1962, this 1962 c. 21.

Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

2400

Ch. 76

Expiring Laws Continuance Act 1968

Section 1.

SCHEDULE

Acts continued till end of December 1969

Chapter Short Title Extent to which Act is temporary in Duration and is continued in Force

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 92. The Aliens Restriction (Amendment) Act 1919. Section 1.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 23. The Accommodation Agencies Act 1953. The whole Act.

3 & 4 Eliz. 2. c. 28. The Children and Young Persons (Harmful Publications) Act 1955. The whole Act.

7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 19. The Emergency Laws (Repeal) Act 1959. Section 3.

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c. 21. ! The Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1962. 1 Part I and Schedule 1.

Ch. 77

2401

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

1968 CHAPTER 77

An Act to make further provision with respect to the subsidies payable to, and the levies which may be imposed on, the white fish and herring industries, to make further provision for the regulation of sea fishing, to amend the Sea Fisheries (Shellfish) Act 1967 and the Sea Fish (Conservation) Act 1967, to make provision with respect to fishing boats and gear lost or abandoned at sea, to remove anomalies in certain enactments relating to sea fisheries and the white fish and herring industries and to repeal other such enactments which are obsolete or unnecessary; and for connected purposes.

[18th December 1968]

Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

White fish and herring subsidies

1.—(1) Section 2 of the Sea Fish Industry Act 1962 (special Removal provisions with respect to white fish subsidy for larger vessels, of special including provision for progressive reduction of grants) shall cease to have effect. relaxation of

(2) Section 4 of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act^t^1fiab 1957 and section 1(6) of the Sea Fish Industry Act 1962 (which and herring respectively limit the aggregate amount of grants by way of subsidies, white fish and herring subsidy, subject to a power to increase the 1962 c. 31. limit by order, and limit increases in the aggregate amount of 1957 c. 22. those grants) shall also cease to have effect.

2402

Ch. 77

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

1953 c. 17 1957 c. 22.

Extension of scope of white fish and haring subsidies.

Offences in connection with white fish and herring subsidies.

(3) The date before which applications for grants in pursuance of a scheme under section 5 of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act 1953 (white fish subsidy) or section 3 of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act 1957 (herring subsidy) must be received by the appropriate Minister shall be postponed from 1st January 1973 to 1st January 1974.

(4) In this section and section 2 below " the appropriate Minister " means, in relation to England and Wales and Northern Ireland, the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and, in relation to Scotland the Secretary of State concerned with the sea fishing industry in Scotland.

2. —(1) The power of the appropriate Minister to make grants in pursuance of a scheme under section 5 of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act 1953 (power to pay white fish subsidy with a view to promoting the landing in the United Kingdom of a continuous and plentiful supply of white fish) or section 3 of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act 1957 (power to pay herring subsidy for a similar purpose) shall include power to make such grants with a view to promoting the landing in the United Kingdom of a continuous and plentiful supply of products of white fish or herring, as the case may be.

(2) For the purposes of those sections the trans-shipment of white fish and herring and their respective products in a port in the United Kingdom or within the exclusive fishery limits shall be treated as the landing of white fish and herring and their respective products in the United Kingdom.

(3) In this section " white fish " has the same meaning as in the said section 5.

3. —(1) Any person who—

(a) in furnishing any information in purported compliance with a requirement imposed by a scheme under section 5 of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act 1953 (white fish subsidy) or section 3 of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act 1957 (herring subsidy) makes a statement which he knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly makes a statement which is false in a material particular;

(b) for the purpose of obtaining for himself or any other

person any sum payable under such a scheme makes a statement which he knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly makes a statement which is false in a material particular;

(c) in purported compliance with a requirement imposed by

such a scheme produces a document which he knows

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

Ch. 77

2403

to be false in a material particular or recklessly produces a document which is false in a material particular; or

(d) wilfully refuses to supply any information, make any return or produce any document when required to do so by or under any such scheme.

shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding £400.

(2) Where an offence under this section which has been committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of or is attributable to any neglect on the part of any director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body corporate shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

Levy on the white fish and herring industries

4.—(1) The general levy which may be imposed by the Provisions White Fish Authority under section 15(2) of the Sea Fish respect to Industry Act 1951 (power to impose on persons engaged in the 1^l*sb^hich white fish industry a general levy not exceeding one penny for imposed on the every stone of white fish landed in Great Britain) may be im- white fish and posed— herring

. industries.

(a) in respect of white fish landed in Great Britain, at a j951 c 30 prescribed rate not exceeding 2d. for each stone of white fish so landed; and

(b) in respect of white fish products so landed, at a prescribed rate in respect of each stone of the products.

(2) The rate prescribed in relation to any white fish product for the purposes of subsection (1 above shall not exceed an amount which in the opinion of the Authority would be yielded by a levy of 2d. on each stone of white fish required on average (whether alone or together with any other substance or article) to produce a stone of that product

(3) In subsections (1) and (2) above " prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the Authority under Part I of the Sea Fish Industry Act 1951; and the Authority may prescribe different rates of general levy for fish of different descriptions and products of different descriptions.

(4) The Ministers may by order provide that for references to 2d. in subsections (1) and (2) above there shall be substituted references to such larger sum as may be specified in the order.

2404

1951 c. 30.

1935 c. 9. 1948 c. 51.

Regulation of conduct of fishing operations.

Ch. 77 Sea Fisheries Act 1968

(5) No order shall be made under subsection (4) above unless a draft thereof has been laid before, and been approved by, both Houses of Parliament.

(6) For the purposes of section 15(2) and (3) of the Sea Fish Industry Act 1951 parts of white fish shall, notwithstanding anything in the definition of white fish in section 19 of that Act (interpretation of Part I of that Act), be treated as products of white fish and not as white fish.

(7) In the said section 15(2) and (3) references to persons engaged in the white fish industry shall be construed as including references to persons carrying on in Great Britain the business of buying the products of white fish by wholesale or of importing white fish or their products.

(8) In section 3(1) of the Herring Industry Act 1935 (which, as applied by section 7(5) of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act 1948, empowers the herring industry scheme to contain provisions for levies on persons engaged in the herring industry and on purchasers of herring wholesale) for the words "purchasers of herring wholesale" there shall be substituted the words "purchasers of herring or herring products wholesale and importers of herring or herring products ".

In the said paragraph (/) as amended by this subsection " products " has the same meaning as in Part I of the Sea Fish Industry Act 1951.

(9) The Ministers may direct that a substance or article which is capable of being produced wholly or partly from either white fish or herring or both shall be treated for the purposes of this section, section 15(2) and (3) of the Sea Fish Industry Act 1951 and section 7 of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act 1948 and any instrument made under or by virtue of any of those provisions as being wholly or partly produced from one of those descriptions of fish, and may also give directions with respect to the collection of sums payable by way of levy or contribution in respect of that substance or article in pursuance of any such instrument and the application of sums so paid in any manner specified in the directions, whether or not the application of those sums in that manner is authorised by the relevant provision or instrument.

(10) In this section " the Ministers " has the same meaning as in Part I of the Sea Fish Industry Act 1951.

Regulation of sea fishing operations

5.—(1) The Ministers may, for the purpose of giving effect to any convention for the time being in force between Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom and the government of any other country, by order make provision for regulating the conduct of, and safeguarding, fishing operations and

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

Ch. 77

2405

operations ancillary thereto, including provision with respect to the identification and marking of fishing boats and fishing gear.

(2) The provisions of any order under subsection (1) above shall, except as provided by the order, apply—

(a) to all British fishing boats, and things done by such

boats and their crews, anywhere within the convention area to which the order relates, and

(b) to all foreign fishing boats, and things done by such boats and their crews, in waters which are within both the fishery limits of the British Islands and that convention area.

(3) The Ministers may by order make such provision as is mentioned in subsection (1) above with respect to foreign fishing boats which, in pursuance of an arrangement for tide time being in force between Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom and the government of any other country, enter the fishery limits of the British Islands for the purpose of carrying on fishing operations or operations ancillary thereto, including provisions regulating the movement of those boats within those limits.

(4) Where a provision of an order under this section is not complied with in the case of a fishing boat or its crew, any person prescribed by the order in relation to that provision, being one or more of the following, that is to say the master, the owner, and the charterer, if any, shall be liable on summary conviction in the case of a first offence under this section to a fine not exceeding £200 and in the case of a second or subsequent offence thereunder to a fine not exceeding £400.

(5) The provisions of any order under this section shall be taken to be in addition to and not to derogate from the provisions of any other enactment or any instrument made under any other enactment.

6.—(1) A foreign fishing boat not registered in a country for Restriction the time being designated under the Fishery Limits Act 1964 oo h?hing shall not enter the fishery limits of the British Islands except n^,u for a purpose recognised by international law, or by any of the British convention for the time being in force between Her Majesty’s Islands. Government in the United Kingdom and the government of the 1964 c. 72. country to which the boat belongs; and any such boat which enters those limits—

(a) shall return outside those limits as soon as the purpose

for which it entered them has been fulfilled; and

(b) shall not fish or attempt to fish while within those

limits.

2406

Ch. 77

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

1964 c. 72.

Sea-fishery

officers.

(2) A foreign fishing boat registered as aforesaid shall not enter the exclusive fishery limits except for any such purpose as aforesaid and if it enters those limits—

(a) shall return outside them as soon as the purpose for

which it entered them has been fulfilled; and

(b) shall not fish or attempt to fish while within those

limits.

(3) A foreign fishing boat so registered shall not fish or attempt to fish in the outer belt except in an area and for any description of fish for the time being designated under the Fishery Limits Act 1964 in relation to the country in which it is registered.

(4) The fishing gear of a foreign fishing boat which is prohibited by this section from fishing in any area within the fishery limits of the British Islands shall, while the boat is in that area, be stowed in accordance with an order made by the Ministers, and if a fishing boat is prohibited by this section from fishing in an area for the time being designated as aforesaid for fish for the time being not so designated, all the fishing gear of the boat except that required by it for fishing for fish for the time being so designated shall, while the boat is in that area, be stowed as aforesaid.

(5) In the event of a contravention of this section in the case of a fishing boat—

(a) the master of the boat shall be liable on summary con-

viction to a fine not exceeding £500; and

(b) the court may on convicting him of an offence under

this section order the forfeiture of any fish or fishing gear found in the boat or taken or used by any person from the boat; and

(c) where the contravention takes place in Scotland, any

fish or fishing gear forfeited under paragraph (b) above may be destroyed or otherwise disposed of as the court may direct.

(6) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not prohibit or restrict fishing by fishing boats registered in a country outside the United Kingdom in any area with respect to which special provision for fishing by such boats is made by any arrangement between Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom and the government of that country.

7.—U) The following persons shall be British sea-fishery officers for the purposes of the Sea Fisheries Acts, that is to say—

(a) officers of the sea-fishery inspectorates of each of the appropriate Ministers other than assistant fishery officers;

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

Ch. 77

2407

(b) commissioned officers of any of Her Majesty’s ships;

(c) persons in command or charge of any aircraft or hover-

craft of the Royal Navy, the Army or the Royal Air Force;

(d) officers of the fishery protection service of the Secretary of State holding the rank of commander, first officer or second officer;

(e) officers of Customs and Excise;

if) the following members of the Coastguard, that is to say, inspectors, district officers and members in charge of

coastguard stations;

(g) other persons appointed as British sea-fishery officers by one of the appropriate Ministers.

(2) The appropriate Minister may appoint any person to exercise and perform the powers and duties of a British sea-fishery officer subject to such limitations as may be specified in the instrument appointing him; and for the purposes of the Sea Fisheries Acts a person so appointed shall be a British sea-fishery officer within those limitations, but not otherwise.

(3) An appointment made under subsection (2) above may be limited in any one or more of the following ways, that is to say—

(a) to particular matters;

(b) to a particular area;

(c) to a particular order or class of orders.

(4) In this Act, "foreign sea-fishery officer", in relation to any convention with respect to the conduct or safeguarding of fishing operations or operations ancillary thereto to which Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom is a party, means a person of any class specified in an order made by die Ministers, being a person appointed by the government of any other country which is a party to the convention to enforce its provisions or any other person having power under the laws of that other country to enforce those provisions.

(5) In this section " the appropriate Minister " means—

(a) in relation to England and Wales, the Minister of

Agriculture, Fisheries and Food;

(b) in relation to Scotland, the Secretary of State; and

(c) in relation to Northern Ireland, the Ministry of Agri-

culture for Northern Ireland.

2408

General powers of British sea-fishery officers.

1894 c. 60.

Ch. 77 Sea Fisheries Act 1968

8.—(1) For the purpose of enforcing the provisions of any order under section 5 above or of section 6 above or any order thereunder a British sea-fishery officer may exercise in relation to any fishing boat within the fishery limits of the British Islands and in relation to any British fishing boat anywhere outside those limits the powers conferred by subsections (2) to (4) below.

(2) He may go on board the boat, with or without persons assigned to assist him in his duties, and for that purpose may require the boat to stop and do anything else which will facilitate the boarding of the boat.

(3) He may require the attendance of the master and other persons on board the boat and may make any examination and inquiry which appears to him to be necessary for the purpose mentioned in subsection (1) above and, in particular,—

(a) may examine any fish on the boat and the equipment

of the boat, including the fishing gear, and require persons on board the boat to do anything which appears to him to be necessary for facilitating the examination; and

(b) may require any person on board the boat to produce

any documents relating to the boat or the persons on board which are in his custody or possession and may take copies of any such document.

(4) Where it appears to a British sea-fishery officer that a contravention of any provision of an order under section 5 above or of section 6 above or any order thereunder has at any time taken place within the fishery limits of the British Islands, he may take the boat in relation to which the contravention took place and the crew of the boat to the port which appears to him to be the nearest convenient port and detain the boat and the crew in the port until the completion of proceedings for the contravention.

(5) If it appears to a British sea-fishery officer that a British fishing boat or a fishing boat belonging to a country which is party to a convention to which Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom is a party is being so navigated or stationed as to interfere or be likely to interfere with fishing operations which are being carried on, or about to be carried on, within the fishery limits of the British Islands, he may require the boat to move away or to move in a direction or to a position specified by him.

(6) For the purpose of enforcing the collision regulations made under section 418 of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894, so far as they apply to fishing boats, a British sea-fishery officer may exercise, in relation to any fishing boat within the fishery

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

Ch. 77

2409

limits of the British Islands and in relation to a British fishing boat anywhere outside those limits, the powers conferred by section 723(1) of that Act (enforcement), whether or not he is mentioned in that subsection, and also the powers conferred by the foregoing provisions of this section, and section 723(2) of that Act so far as it relates to the former powers shall apply accordingly.

9. —(1) For the purpose of enforcing the provisions of any Powers of convention with respect to the conduct or safeguarding of fishing sea-fishery operations to which Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom is a party a foreign sea-fishery officer may, in relation conventions, to a British fishing boat, and a British sea-fishery officer may,

in relation to any foreign fishing boat, exercise anywhere within the convention area outside the fishery limits of the British Islands the powers conferred by section 8(2) and (3) above.

(2) Nothing in this section shall authorise a British or foreign sea-fishery officer to do anything not authorised by the convention he is purporting to enforce or authorise him to exercise in relation to a boat belonging to a country which is a party to the convention any power which the government of that country has informed the other parties to the convention is not to be exercised in relation to its fishing boats.

10. —(1) A British or foreign sea-fishery officer shall not be Miscellaneous liable in any civil or criminal proceedings for anything done in provisions as purported exercise of the powers conferred on him by section 8 £fg^fisher> or 9 of this Act if the court is satisfied that the act was done in

good faith and that there were reasonable grounds for doing it.

(2) Any person who on any fishing boat within the fishery limits of the British Islands, or on a British fishing boat anywhere outside those limits,—

(a) fails to comply with any requirement imposed, or to

answer any question asked, by a British sea-fishery officer under section 8 or 9 of this Act;

(b) prevents, or attempts to prevent, any other person from

complying with any such requirement or answering any such question; or

(c) assaults any such officer while exercising any of the

powers conferred on him by or by virtue of section 8 or 9 of this Act or obstructs any such officer in the exercise of any of those powers; shall be guilty of an offence.

(3) Subsection (2) above shall apply in relation to things done on a British fishing boat anywhere within the convention area outside the fishery limits of the British Islands by or in relation to a foreign sea-fishery officer who is exercising powers

2410

Ch. 77

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

Evidence.

Recovery of fines imposed on master, etc., or crew.

1952 c. 55.

to enforce the provisions of the convention relating to that area as it applies in relation to things done on any fishing boat within those limits by or in relation to a British sea-fishery officer.

(4) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable on summary conviction in the case of a first offence thereunder to a fine not exceeding £200 and in the case of a second or subsequent offence thereunder to a fine not exceeding £400

11. —(1) In any civil or criminal proceedings a written statement purporting to be a report made by a British or foreign sea-fishery officer on matters ascertained in the course of exercising his powers under section 9 above for the purpose of enforcing the provisions of any convention mentioned in that section shall be admissible as evidence to the like extent as oral evidence to the like effect by that officer.

(2) Subsection (1) above shall be taken to be in addition to, and not to derogate from, the provisions of any other enactment relating to the reception or admissibility of documentary evidence.

12. —(1) Where a fine is imposed by a magistrates’ court in England and Wales or Northern Ireland on the master, owner or charterer or a member of the crew of a fishing boat who is convicted by the court of an offence under section 5, 6 or 10 of this Act, the court may—

(a) issue a warrant of distress against the boat and its gear

and catch and any property of the person convicted for the purpose of levying the amount of the fine; and

(b) if the boat is a foreign fishing boat, order it to be

detained for a period not exceeding three months from the date of the conviction or until the fine is paid or the amount of the fine is levied in pursuance of any such warrant, whichever occurs first.

(2) Where a fine is imposed by a sheriff in Scotland on the master, owner or charterer or a member of the crew of a fishing boat who is convicted by the sheriff of an offence under section 5, 6 or 10 of this Act, the sheriff may—

(a) issue a warrant for the poinding and sale of the boat

and its gear and catch and any property of the person convicted; and

(b) if the boat is a foreign fishing boat, order it to be detained for a period not exceeding three months from the date of the conviction or until the fine is paid, whichever occurs first.

(3) Sections 65(1) and 66 of the Magistrates* Courts Act 1952 (postponement of issue of, and defects in, warrants of distress)

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

Ch. 77

2411

shall apply to a warrant of distress issued under this section in England and Wales as they apply to a warrant of distress issued under Part III of that Act.

(4) Section 115(2) of the Magistrates* Courts Act (Northern 1964 c. 21 Ireland) 1964 (postponement of issue of certain warrants) shall (N.I.). apply to a warrant of distress issued under this section in Northern Ireland as it applies to a warrant referred to in that subsection.

13.—(1) Where on convicting a person of an offence under Compensation section 5, 6 or 10 of this Act it appears to a court in England for and Wales or Northern Ireland that personal injury or damage to property has been caused by the offence, the court may by the conviction adjudge the person convicted to pay, in addition to any fine, a reasonable sum, not exceeding £400, as compensation for the injury or damage, and the sum when recovered shall be paid to the person who has suffered the injury or damage.

(2) Where a person is to be brought to trial before a sheriff in Scotland for an offence under section 5, 6 or 10 of this Act—

(a) any person who considers that personal injury to him or damage to his property has been caused by the offence may, at any time before the commencement of the trial, give notice in writing to the accused person and the sheriff clerk that at the trial of the offence the sheriff shall be called upon to make an award of compensation in respect of that injury or damage;

(b) if notice has been given as aforesaid and the accused is convicted of the offence the sheriff shall thereupon dispose of the question of compensation, but shall not order payment of a sum by way of compensation exceeding £400;

(c) any evidence led at the trial shall be admissible as evidence in the disposal of the question of compensation, and if the compensation claimed is in respect of damage to property and a report of a British sea-fishery officer relating to the damage is produced as evidence, that report shall, unless the sheriff considers that it is necessary in the interests of justice to allow additional evidence, be sufficient evidence for the disposal of the question of compensation; and

(d) in disposing of the question of compensation the sheriff may, subject to paragraph (b) above, give decree as in any ordinary action brought before hun. 3

(3) Section 12 of this Act shall apply in relation to compensation adjudged or ordered to be paid under this section

2412

Ch. 77

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

Jurisdiction to try offences.

Amendments of Sea Fisheries (Shellfish) Act 1967.

1967 c. 83.

by the master, owner or charterer or a member of the crew of a fishing boat as it applies in relation to a fine imposed by a magistrates’ court or sheriff on such a person.

(4) The provisions of this section shall not be taken to derogate from any right of a person who has suffered personal injury or damage to property in consequence of an offence under section 5, 6 or 10 of this Act to recover damages in respect of the injury or damage in civil proceedings.

14. Proceedings for an offence under section 5, 6 or 10 of this Act may be taken, and the offence may for all incidental purposes be treated as having been committed, in any place in the United Kingdom.

Miscellaneous

15.—(1) The Sea Fisheries (Shellfish) Act 1967 shall be amended in accordance with, and have effect subject to, the following provisions of this section.

(2) In section 1(1) (orders as to fisheries for oysters, mussels and cockles) for the words " and cockles " there shall be substituted the words " cockles, clams and any other molluscs of a kind specified in regulations made by the appropriate Minister ".

(3) The power to make an order under that section conferring on the grantees a right of regulating a fishery for any specified description of shellfish shall be construed as including a power to enable them with the consent of the appropriate Minister to impose restrictions on, and make regulations respecting, the dredging, fishing for and taking of shellfish of that description within the limits of the regulated fishery.

(4) An order under that section which imposes tolls or royalties upon persons dredging, fishing for and taking any specified description of shellfish within the limits of a fishery shall be construed as conferring on the grantees of the fishery power with the consent of the appropriate Minister to vary the tolls or royalties so imposed.

(5) In subsections (3) and (4) above " the appropriate Minister " has the same meaning as in the Sea Fisheries (Shellfish) Act 1967.

(6) Anything purporting to be done at any time before the passing of this Act under or by virtue of section 1 or 3 of the Sea Fisheries (Shellfish) Act 1967 or any enactment thereby re-enacted which could have been done by virtue of subsection

(3) or (4) above if that subsection had been in force at that time shall be treated as if it had been done by virtue of that subsection.

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

Ch. 77

2413

(7) In paragraph 4(6) of Schedule 1 (notice of inquiry in connection with making of an order under section 1) for the words "fourteen days’" there shall be substituted the words " twenty-eight days’

16. In section 1 of the Sea Fish (Conservation) Act 1967 (size Amendments limits for fish) for subsections (3) to (5) (obligation to return fish Fish below the minimum size to the sea, and power to exempt from ^ni%7 °D* the obligation), there shall be substituted the following sub-1Q,-sections:— iW7c.w.

" (3) Sea fish of any description which are of less than the minimum size prescribed in relation to sea fish of that description by an order under subsection (1) above shall not be carried, whether within or outside the fishery limits of the British Islands, on a British fishing boat.

(4) An order under subsection (1) above may prohibit the carrying, by any foreign fishing boat in waters adjacent to the United Kingdom and within the fishery limits of the British Islands, of sea fish of any description prescribed by the order which are of less than the minimum size so prescribed in relation to sea fish of that description.

(5) An order under subsection (1) above may confer exemptions from any prohibition imposed by or by virtue of this section; and any such exemption may be general or subject to conditions and may relate to all fish to which the order applies or to fish of any specified description."

17. Without prejudice to section 72 of the Merchant Shipping Fishing boats Act 1906 (wreck brought within the limits of the United King- and gear dom), fishing boats or fishing gear lost or abandoned at sea ^Soned and either— at sea.

(a) found or taken possession of within the territorial waters 1906 c. 48.

of the United Kingdom; or

(b) found or taken possession of beyond those waters and brought within those waters;

shall be treated as wreck for the purposes of Part IX of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894. 1894 c. 60.

Supplemental

18.—(1) Any power conferred on the Ministers by this Act Orders, to make an order shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(2) A statutory instrument containing an order made by the Ministers under any provision of this Act, except section 4(4), shall be laid before Parliament.

2414

Ch. 77

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

Interpretation. 1894 c. 60.

1964 c. 72. 1951 c. 30.

(3) Any power conferred by this Act on the Ministers to make an older includes power to vary or revoke the order by a subsequent order.

19.—(1) In this Act. except so far as the context otherwise requires,—

" British fishing boat " means a fishing boat which is registered in the United Kingdom, exempted from registration by regulations under section 373 of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 or owned wholly by a person who is (within the meaning of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894) a person qualified to own a British ship, and " foreign fishing boat " means a fishing boat which is not so registered, so exempted or so owned;

"convention" includes an agreement or other arrangement;

" convention area " means, in relation to any international convention, the area to which the convention relates;

" enactment " includes an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland;

" fish " includes shellfish, and cognate expressions shall be construed accordingly;

44 fishing boat " means any vessel for the time being employed in fishing operations or any operations ancillary thereto;

44 foreign sea-fishery officer " has the meaning assigned to it by section 7 of this Act;

"master" includes, in relation to any fishing boat, the person for the time being in command or charge of the boat;

" the Ministers " means the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and the Secretaries of State respectively concerned with the sea fishing industry in Scotland and Northern Ireland;

" the outer belt ", subject to subsection (2) below, has the same meaning as in section 1 of the Fishery Limits Act 1964;

4‘ products " has the same meaning as in Part I of the Sea Fish Industry Act 1951;

"Sea Fisheries Acts" means any enactments for the time being in force relating to sea-fishing, including any enactment relating to fishing for shellfish, salmon or migratory trout.

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

Ch. 77

2415

(2) References in this Act to the fishery limits of the British Islands, the exclusive fishery limits and the outer belt shall, subject to any Order in Council under section 21 below, be construed as not including waters within the fishery limits of the British Islands which are adjacent to the Isle of Man or any of the Channel Islands.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment is a reference thereto as amended, and includes a reference thereto as extended or applied by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

20. Nothing in this Act shall be taken to restrict the powers of Northern the Parliament of Northern Ireland to make laws; and any laws Ireland, made by that Parliament with respect to any matter with respect

to which it has that power shall have effect notwithstanding anything in this Act.

21. —(1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that all Isle of Man or any of the provisions of sections 5 to 14,16,17,19, 22 and 23 and Channel of this Act and of Part II of Schedule 1 and Part II of Isknds* Schedule 2 thereto—

(a) shall extend, with such exceptions, adaptations and

modifications if any, as may be specified in the Order, to the Isle of Man or any of the Channel Islands; and

(b) shall apply, with such exceptions, adaptations and modifications as aforesaid, in relation to British fishing boats registered in the Isle of Man or any of the Channel Islands as they apply in relation to British fishing boats registered in the United Kingdom.

(2) An Order in Council under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order thereunder.

22.—(1) The enactments specified in Schedule 1 to this Act Minor and shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in that consequential Schedule, being minor amendments and amendments consequen-tial on the foregoing provisions of this Act.

(2) The enactments specified in Schedule 2 to this Act (which include enactments which were obsolete or unnecessary before the passing of this Act) are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) Any reference to boats in the Herring Industry Act 1935, 1935 c. 9. the Herring Industry Act 1944 or the White Fish and Herring 1944 c. 32. Industries Act 1948 shall be construed as a reference to vessels. 1948 c-51*

(4) The amendment by Schedule 1 to this Act of section 5 of

the White Fish and Herring Industries Act 1953 and section 3 1953 c. 17. of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act 1957 shall not 1957 c. 22.

4 H

2416 1962 c. 31.

1967 c. 84. 1883 c. 22.

1891 c. 37. 1893 c. 17.

Short title and commencement.

Ch. 77 Sea Fisheries Act 1968

affect the operation of any scheme made under either of those sections, and the repeal by this Act of section 2 of the Sea Fish Industry Act 1962 shall not affect the operation of any scheme made under the said section 5 by virtue of the said section 2, but any such scheme which is in force immediately before the coming into force of the amendment and repeal shall, notwithstanding the repeal, have effect as if made under the said section 5 or the said section 3, as the case may be, as so amended.

(5) The amendment by Schedule 1 to this Act of section 15 of the Sea Fish’(Conservation) Act 1967 shall not affect any order made under that section, but any such order which is in force immediately before the coming into force of the amendment shall have effect as if made under that subsection as so amended.

(6) The repeal by this Act of the Sea Fisheries Act 1883 shall not affect the operation—

(a) of any Order in Council under section 23 of that Act

which is in force immediately before the coming into force of the repeal; or

(b) of any provision of that Act which is applied by any

such Order or by any provision of the Fisheries Act 1891 or the North Sea Fisheries Act 1893.

23.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Sea Fisheries Act 1968.

(2) Sections 5 to 14 of this Act and Part II of Schedule 1 and Part II of Schedule 2 thereto shall come into force on such day as the Ministers may by order appoint, and different days may be so appointed for different purposes of those provisions. 3

(3) Any order under this section may make such transitional provision as appears to the Ministers to be necessary or expedient in connection with the provisions thereby brought into force, including such adaptations of those provisions or any provisions of this Act then in force as appear to him to be necessary or expedient in consequence of the partial operation of this Act (whether before or after the day appointed by the order).

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

Ch. 77

2417

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1 Section 22(1).

Minor and Consequential Amendments Part I

Amendments coming into force on passing of Act The Herring Industry Act 1935 (c. 9)

1. In section 6(3) (offences by body corporate)—

(a) for the word "approval" there shall be substituted the word "connivance ";

(b) for the words " to have been facilitated by " there shall be substituted the words " is attributable to ";

(c) for the words "officer of the body corporate" there shall

be substituted the words "similar officer of the body corporate, or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity ".

2. In section 14 (interpretation) the definition of "boat" shall cease to have effect.

3. In Schedule 2 (provisions of the Agricultural Marketing Act 1931 c. 42. 1931 applied with modifications to a consumers’ committee and a committee of investigation appointed for the herring industry)—

(i a)any reference to the products of the herring industry shall be construed as a reference to herring and their products;

(b) in section 9(6) of the said Act of 1931 as set out in the said Schedule the words " or commodities produced wholly or partly therefrom " and the words " or such commodities as aforesaid " shall cease to have effect;

(c) at the end of the said section 9, as so set out, there shall be inserted the following subsection—

" (7) In this Schedule ‘ products ’ has the same meaning as in Part I of the Sea Fish Industry Act 1951." 1951 c. 30.

The Herring Industry Act 1938 (c. 42)

4. In section 2(1) (Herring Industry Advisory Council) the words " and assistance " shall cease to have effect.

The Sea Fish Industry Act 1951 (c. 30)

5. In section 15(2)(a) (general levy of the White Fish Authority) for the words from " a sum " to " that year " there shall be substituted the words "such sums as may be authorised by section 4 of the Sea Fisheries Act 1968 ".

6. In section 18(6) (offences by body corporate) after the words " similar officer of the body corporate " there shall be inserted the words "or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity ".

2418

Ch. 77

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

Sch. 1 7. In section 19 (interpretation of Part I), in the definition of

1962 c. 31. " processing ", as amended by Schedule 3 to the Sea Fish Industry

Act 1962, for the words " producing any substance or article from fish " there shall be substituted the words " producing any substance or article wholly or partly from fish

The White Fish and Herring Industries Act 1953 (c. 17)

8. In section 1(1) (grants by the White Fish Authority towards new vessels and engines), in the proviso, after the word "vessel " there shall be inserted the words " or in the acquisition or installation of any secondhand

9. In section 1(3) (persons qualifying for grants by the White Fish Authority), the words "(of whatever size and in whatever way propelled) " shall cease to have effect.

10. For section 5(1) (white fish subsidy) there shall be substituted the following subsections: —

"(1) With a view to promoting the landing in the United Kingdom of a continuous and plentiful supply of white fish and products of white fish, the appropriate Minister may in accordance with a scheme made by the Ministers with the approval of the Treasury make to the owners or charterers of vessels registered in the United Kingdom, being vessels engaged in catching white fish, or in processing or transporting white fish caught by vessels registered in the United Kingdom or the products of any such white fish, grants of such amounts, and subject to such conditions, as may be determined by or under the scheme.

(1A) The trans-shipment of white fish and their products in a port in the United Kingdom or within the exclusive fishery limits shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (1) above as the landing of white fish and their products respectively in the United Kingdom."

11. In section 5(2) (provisions which may be included in white fish subsidy schemes) for paragraph (a) there shall be substituted the following paragraph: —

"(a) white fish and their products landed from the vessel in the United Kingdom or trans-shipped from the vessel in a port in the United Kingdom or within the exclusive fishery limits, or " and in paragraph (b) after the words "another vessel" there shall be inserted the words " or are to be trans-shipped in a port in the United Kingdom or within the exclusive fishery limits by the vessel which caught them or by another vessel ".

12. In section 5(3) (time limit for applying for grants in pursuance 1957 c. 22. of white fish subsidy schemes), as set out in section 2 of the White

Fish and Herring Industries Act 1957 and as amended by Schedule 2 to the Sea Fish Industry Act 1962, for the words from "the first day " onwards there shall be substituted the words " 1st January 1974 ".

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

Ch. 77

2419

13. In section 5(5) (definitions) after the definition of "the appro- Sch. 1 priate Minister" there shall be inserted the following definitions—

"'the exclusive fishery limits’ has the same meaning as in the Sea Fisheries Act 1968;

‘ products * has the same meaning as in Part I of the Sea Fish 1951 c. 30. Industry Act 1951."

14. In section 6(1) (grants by the Herring Industry Board) after the words " engaged in the herring industry " there shall be inserted the words "in Great Britain", and in the proviso, after the word "vessel" there shall be inserted the words "or in the acquisition or installation of any secondhand ".

15. In section 6(4) (persons qualifying for such grants) for the words "boats (as defined by the Herring Industry Act 1935)" there shall be substituted the word "vessels ".

The White Fish and Herring Industries Act 1957 (c. 22)

16. For section 3(1) (herring subsidy) there shall be substituted the following subsection: —

"(1) With a view to promoting the landing in the United Kingdom of a continuous and plentiful supply of herring and products of herring, the appropriate Minister may in accordance with a scheme made by the Ministers with the approval of the Treasury make to the owners or charterers of vessels registered in the United Kingdom, being vessels engaged in catching herring, or in processing or transporting herring caught by vessels registered in the United Kingdom or the products of any such herring, grants of such amounts, and subject to such conditions, as may be determined by or under the scheme.

(1A) The trans-shipment of herring and their products in a port in the United Kingdom or within the exclusive fishery limits shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (1) above as the landing of herring and their products respectively in the United Kingdom."

17. In section 3(2) (provisions which may be included in herring subsidy schemes) for paragraph (a) there shall be substituted the following paragraph: —

" (a) herring and their products landed from the vessel in the United Kingdom or trans-shipped from the vessel in a port in the United Kingdom or within the exclusive fishery limits, or "

and in paragraph (b) after " another vessel " there shall be inserted the words "or are to be trans-shipped in a port in the United Kingdom or within the exclusive fishery limits by the vessel which caught them or by another vessel

18. In section 3(3) (time limit for applying for grants in pursuance

of herring subsidy schemes), as amended by Schedule 2 to the Sea 1962 c. 31. Fish Industry Act 1962, for the words from " the first day " onwards there shall be substituted the words " 1st January 1974 ".

2420

Ch. 77

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

SCH. 1 19. In section 3(4) (definitions) at the end there shall be inserted the following definitions: — ‘"the exclusive fishery limits’ has the same meaning as in the Sea Fisheries Act 1968;

1951 c. 30. * products' has the same meaning as in Part I of the Sea Fish Industry Act 1951

1953 c. 17. Sea Fish Industry Act 1962 (c. 31) 20. In section 3(3) (persons qualifying for grants by the White Fish Authority), the words " (of whatever size and in whatever way propelled) " shall cease to have effect 21. In section 3(4) (application of section 6 of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act 1953 to vessels and persons), for the words " boats (as defined by the Herring Industry Act 1935) " there shall be substituted the word "vessels ", 22. —(1) Section 9 (reimbursement of Isle of Man subsidies) shall be amended in accordance with the following provisions of this paragraph. (2) In subsection (1)— (a) after the words "in respect of herring" there shall be inserted the words " or herring products "; (b) after the words "landed in the Isle of Man", in the first place where they occur, there shall be inserted the words " or trans-shipped in a port in the Isle of Man or within the exclusive fishery limits of the Isle of Man "; (c) at the end there shall be inserted the words " or were to be trans-shipped in a port in the Isle of Man or within the exclusive fishery limits of the Isle of Man by the vessel which caught them or by another vessel ". (3) In subsection (3) after the word "herring ", wherever it occurs, there shall be inserted the words " or herring products ". (4) At the end of the section there shall be inserted the following subsection: — "(5) In this section "exclusive fishery limits of the Isle of Man " means waters within the exclusive fishery limits of the British Islands which are adjacent to the Isle of Man

1894 c. 60. Part U Amendments coming into force on Appointed Day The Sea Fisheries Act 1868 (c. 45) 23. In section 26 (sea-fishing boats within exclusive limits, and British sea-fishing boats outside those limits, to have official papers)— (a) for the words " such Order in Council " there shall be substituted the words " an Order in Council under section 373 of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 ";

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

Ch. 77

2421

(b) after the words "British Islands" there shall be inserted the words "within the meaning of the Sea Fisheries Act 1968 ";

(c) for the words " this part of this Act ", in both places where

they occur, there shall be substituted the words "that section ";

(d) for the words "sea-fishery officer" there shall be substituted the words "British sea-fishery officer within the meaning of section 7 of the said Act of 1968 ".

The Sea Fisheries (Scotland)Amendment Act 1885 (c. 70)

24. In section 1 (citation and construction), for the words " the Sea Fisheries Act 1883 " there shall be substituted the words " the Sea Fisheries Act 1968".

25. In section 4 (control of modes of fishing within defined areas) for the last paragraph there shall be substituted the following paragraphs—

" Any person contravening a byelaw duly confirmed shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £100, or in the case of a second or subsequent conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or a fine not exceeding £200 or both; and the court by which the offender is convicted may order the forfeiture of any net or other fishing gear used in committing the offence.

Sections 12(2) and 14 of the Sea Fisheries Act 1968 shall apply to an offence under this section as they apply to an offence under section 5, 6 or 10 of that Act; and any fishing gear forfeited under this section may be destroyed or otherwise disposed of as the court may direct."

26. In section 6 (returns about sea fisheries) the words "against the Sea Fisheries Act 1883 " shall be omitted and at the end there shall be inserted the words "and sections 12(2) and 14 of the Sea Fisheries Act 1968 shall apply to an offence under this section as they apply to an offence under section 5, 6 or 10 of that Act ".

27. After section 6 there shall be inserted the following section— ‘^Vicarious 6A. Where any offence under this Act has been com-jffgy mitted by some person belonging to a sea-fishing boat, the

master of such boat shall in every case be liable to be deemed guilty of such offence:

Provided that it shall be a defence for the master to prove that he issued proper orders for the observance, and used due diligence to enforce the observance, of the provision of the Act or byelaw contravened and that the offence in question was actually committed by some other person without his connivance."

28. In section 7 (report of sea-fishery officer concerning compensation), for any reference to a sea-fishery officer there shall be substituted a reference to a British sea-fishery officer and at the end there shall be inserted the following proviso—

" Provided that nothing in the first paragraph of this section shall apply to an offence under section 5, 6 or 10 of the Sea Fisheries Act 1968."

Sch. 1

2422

Ch. 77

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

See. 1 29. In section 8 (compensation for damage caused by offence), for

the reference to a sea-fishery officer there shall be substituted a reference to a British sea-fishery officer and at the end there shall be inserted the following proviso—

" Provided that nothing in this section shall apply to an offence under section 5, 6 or 10 of the Sea Fisheries Act 1968."

30. In section 10 (powers of sea-fishery officers) for the words from 44 sea " where it first occurs to the end there shall be substituted the words 44 a British sea-fishery officer may exercise all the powers conferred on him by section 8 of the Sea Fisheries Act 1968 for the purpose of enforcing the provisions of an order under section 5 of that Act or of section 6 of that Act or any order thereunder ".

The Fisheries Act 1891 (c. 37)

31. In section 13 (powers of taking legal proceedings) the words " the Sea Fisheries Act 1883 or any other Act relating to sea fisheries or by " shall cease to have effect.

The Merchant Shipping Act 1894 (c. 60)

32. For section 373(6) (application of certain statutory provisions to registry of British fishing boats) there shall be substituted the following subsection: —

" (6) Sections 8 and 9 of the Sea Fisheries Act 1968 (general powers of British sea-fishery officers, and powers of sea-fishery officers to enforce conventions) shall apply in relation to this section and any Order in Council thereunder, and to any convention mentioned in subsection (5) above, as they apply respectively in relation to any order mentioned in the said section 8 and any convention mentioned in the said section 9; and sections 10, 11, 12 and 14 of that Act (offences, and supplemental provisions as to legal proceedings) shall apply accordingly."

33. In section 374 (effect of registry of fishing boat), for the words " against the Sea Fisheries Act 1883 " there shall be substituted the

1885 c. 70. words " under the Sea Fisheries (Scotland) Amendment Act 1885 or under section 5,6 or 10 of the Sea Fisheries Act 1968

The Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) Act 1895 (c. 42)

34. In section 3 (definition of Sea Fisheries Acts) for the words from "4 Sea Fisheries Acts * " to 44 1885 " there shall be substituted the words 44 4 Sea Fisheries Acts * has the same meaning as in the Sea Fisheries Act 1968 ".

The Illegal Trawling (Scotland) Act 1934 (c. 18)

35. For section 5 (application of Sea Fisheries Act 1883) there shall be substituted the following section—

"Application 5. For the purpose of enforcing the enactments relating to illegal trawling, section 8(1) to (4), and section 10(1), FishoHes (2) and (4), of the Sea Fisheries Act 1968 (which relate Act 1968. respectively to the powers of British sea-fishery officers, and the protection of and the punishment for assaulting

Sea Fisheries Act

Cn.ll

2423

or obstructing sea-fishery officers) shall apply as if they Sch. 1 were enacted in this Act with the following modifications—

(i a)for any reference to a British sea-fishery officer or a British or foreign sea-fishery officer there shall be substituted a reference to a superintendent of the herring fishery or other officer employed in the execution of the Herring Fishery (Scotland) Acts;

(b) in section 8, for any reference to the provisions of the said Act of 1968 therein mentioned there shall be substituted a reference to the enactments relating to illegal trawling; and

(c) in section 10, for any reference to section 8 or

9 of the said Act of 1968 there shall be substituted a reference to section 8 of that Act as applied by this section/*

The Sea Fish Industry Act 1962 (c. 31)

36. In section 17(2) (enactments to which the section’s exemption for operations for scientific and other purposes applies) for the words from "any enactment" to "this Act" there shall be substituted the words " section 6 of the Sea Fisheries Act 1968 ".

The Sea Fisheries Regulation Act 1966 (c. 38)

37. In section 13(5) (powers of local fisheries committees), the words from the beginning to " 1883 " and from " the provisions " to " and of " and the word "other " shall cease to have effect.

The Sea Fish ( Conservation) Act 1967 (c. 84)

38. —(1) Section 15 (powers of British sea-fishery officers) shall be amended in accordance with the following provisions of this paragraph.

(2) In subsection (1) the words from the beginning to " 1962 " shall cease to have effect.

(3) For subsections (3) to (7) there shall be substituted the following subsections: —

" (3) Any such officer may exercise in relation to any fishing boat in any waters adjacent to the United Kingdom and within the fishery limits of the British Islands, and in relation to any British fishing boat registered in the United Kingdom and any British owned fishing boat (not so registered) anywhere outside those limits, such of the powers of a British sea-fishery officer under section 8(2) to (4) of the Sea Fisheries Act 1968 as may be conferred on him by order of the Ministers, being powers which the Ministers consider necessary for the enforcement of any of the provisions of sections 1 to 7 of this Act or any order made under any of those sections. 4

(4) An order under this section may make different provision for different cases.

2424

Ch. 77

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

jSch. 1

Section 22(2).

(5) Section 10 of the Sea Fisheries Act 1968 shall apply in relation to the provisions of an order under this section and the powers thereby conferred as they apply in relation to section 8 of that Act and the powers thereby conferred; and, in relation to an offence under the said section 10 as it applies by virtue of this subsection, sections 12 to 14 of that Act shall apply accordingly.*

39. In section 22(1), in the definition of "British sea-fishery officer ", for the words from " section 11 ’* to " 1951 ’* there shall be substituted the words " section 7 of the Sea Fisheries Act 1968

SCHEDULE 2 Enactments Repealed Part I

Repeals coming into force on passing of Act

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

31 & 32 Vict. The Sea Fisheries Act Section 1.

c. 45. 1868. In section 5, the definitions of "person" and "the Irish Fishery Commissioners *'. Section 67. In section 70, the proviso.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. The Herring Industry In section 14, the definition of

c.9. Act 1935. " boat ". In Schedule 2, in section 9(6) of the Agricultural Marketing Act 1931 as there set out, the words " or commodities produced wholly or partly therefrom" and the words "or such commodities as aforesaid ".

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 30. The Sea Fish Industry Act 1938. Section 50.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. The Herring Industry In section 2(1), the words "and

c. 42. Act 1938. assistance ".

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 11. The Inshore Fishing Industry Act 1945. The whole Act.

11 &12 Geo. 6. c. 51. The White Fish and Herring Industries Act 1948. Section 3.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 30. The Sea Fish Industry Act 1951. Section 13(3).

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. The White Fish and In section 1(3), the words "(of

c. 17. Herring Industries Act 1953. whatever size and in whatever way propelled)". Section 2(4). Section 13(2) and (3).

Sea Fisheries Act 1968

Ch. 77

2425

Sch. 2

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

5 & 6 Eliz. 2. The White Fish and Section 1(3 A) and (4).

c. 22. Herring Industries Act 1957. Section 4. In section 5(3), the words "or order". In section 5(4), the words from " and an order " to the end. Section 6(2).

8 Eliz. 2. c. 7. The Sea Fish Industry Act 1959. Section 1.

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Sea Fish Industry Section 1(4) and (6).

c. 31. Act 1962. Section 2. In section 3(3), the words "(of whatever size and in whatever way propelled) ". Section 3(6). Section 31. Section 33(3). In section 35(5), the words " and thirty-one ". In Schedule 2, paragraphs 18(1), 21(3) and (4), 22(1) and 23.

1966 c. 34. The Industrial Development Act 1966. Section 28.

1967 c. 35. The Fishing Vessel Grants Act 1967. The whole Act.

Part n

Repeals coming into force on Appointed Day

Chapter

31 & 32 Vict, c. 45.

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

The Sea Fisheries Act In section 5, the definitions of 1868. "Great Britain and Ireland",

" United Kingdom ", " exclusive fishery limits of the British Islands " and " exclusive fishery limits of France ".

In section 57, the words from " or under " to " provided) ".

Section 63.

In section 65, the second paragraph.

Section 66.

In section 70, the words from the beginning to "save as aforesaid ", the words from " the seas adjoining" to "the whole of" and the words from " and to the seas " to " British Islands " in the fourth place where it occurs.

2426

Ch. 77

Sea Fisheries Act

Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

46 & 47 Vict c. 22. The Sea Fisheries Act 1883. The whole Act

48 & 49 Vict. The Sea Fisheries (Scot- Section 3.

c. 70. land) Amendment Act 1885. Section 5.

54 & 55 Vict, c. 37. The Fisheries Act 1891. Section 5. In section 6(1), the words "as one with the Sea Fisheries Act 1883, and ’* and the word "also ", and section 6(2). In section 13, the words "the Sea Fisheries Act 1883 or any other Act relating to sea fisheries, or by".

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 18. The Illegal Trawling (Scotland) Act 1934. Section 3.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. The Sea Fish Industry Section 54.

c. 30. Act 1938. Section 59. Section 61. Section 62. Section 63(2).

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 30. The Sea Fish Industry Act 1951. Section 25.

8 Eliz. 2. c. 7. The Sea Fish Industry Act 1959. Section 9.

10 & 11 Eliz. 2. The Sea Fish Industry Section 16.

c. 31. Act 1962. Section 18. Section 36(1).

1964 c. 72. The Fishery Limits Act 1964. Section 1(2). Section 2. Section 3(2) and (5). In Schedule 1 the amendments of the Sea Fisheries Act 1883.

1966 c. 38. The Sea Fisheries Regulation Act 1966. In section 13(5), the words from the beginning to " 1883 " and from " the provisions " to " and of " and the word "other ".

1967 c. 83. The Sea Fisheries (Shellfish) Act 1967. Schedule 2, so far as relating to the Sea Fisheries (Scotland) Amendment Act 1885.

1967 c. 84. The Sea Fish (Conservation) Act 1967. In section 15(1), the words from the beginning to " 1962 ".

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2427

1968 No. 1

A MEASURE passed by The National Assembly of the Church of England to make better provision for the cure of souls and for the use, preservation or disposal of redundant churches, to amend the law relating to pluralities, to enable certain pastoral functions of bishops relating to property to be delegated, and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[30th May 1968]

Part I

Procedure for making Pastoral Schemes and Orders

Pastoral Committees

1.—(1) The Diocesan Conference of every diocese shall as Constitution soon as possible appoint a committee to be known as the and procedure Pastoral Committee of the diocese concerned. Com^ee.

(2) The constitution and rules of procedure of Pastoral Committees shall be those set out in Schedule 1 to this Measure.

(3) The Pastoral Committee of a diocese shall present annually to the Diocesan Conference a report of its activities during the preceding year.

(4) The Diocesan Reorganisation Committees appointed under

section 1 of the Diocesan Reorganisation Committees Measure 1941 No. l. 1941 and the Pastoral Committees appointed under section 1 of the Pastoral Reorganisation Measure 1949 shall cease to exercise 1949 No. 3. any functions and, when they have made their final reports to the Diocesan Conferences, shall cease to exist.

2.—(1) It shall be the duty of the Pastoral Committee of a Duties of diocese from time to time as may be directed by or agreed Pastoral with the bishop to review the arrangements for pastoral super- Committees, vision in the diocese or any part thereof and, in cases where they consider it desirable, to make recommendations to the bishop in accordance with the next following section for any of the matters for which provision may be made under Part II or Part III of this Measure (other than section 36 thereof) by a pastoral scheme or pastoral order.

4 I

2428

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part I (2) The Pastoral Committee shall at all times—

(a) have particular regard to the making of provision for the

cure of souls in the diocese as a whole, including the provision of appropriate spheres of work and conditions of service for all persons engaged in the cure of souls and the provision of reasonable remuneration for such persons;

(b) have regard also to the traditions, needs and characterise

tics of individual parishes.

Formulation

and

submission to bishop of draft proposals.

Procedure for schemes and orders affecting a single diocese

3.—(1) Before deciding to make any recommendations to the bishop, the Pastoral Committee shall so far as may be practicable ascertain the views of the interested parties.

(2) In this Part of this Measure "interested parties*', in relation to any recommendations, proposals or draft scheme or order, means—

(a) incumbents of any benefices which would be affected

by the implementing thereof, including vicars in a team ministry established for any such benefice;

(b) the patrons of any such benefices;

(c) the parochial church councils of any parishes which

would be so affected;

(d) the archdeacons and rural deans of any archdeaconries

and rural deaneries which would be so affected or to which any such benefices or parishes belong; and

(e) the local planning authority or authorities ^concerned :

Provided that if the recommendations, proposals, scheme or order is or are limited to creating, naming, altering or dissolving archdeaconries and rural deaneries, no patrons of benefices shall be included among the interested parties, and, in the case of proposals and orders under section 13, the local planning authority or authorities shall not be included.

For the purposes of this subsection a change in the patronage of a benefice shall be deemed to affect that benefice and the parish or parishes thereof.

(3) In the case of interested parties being incumbents or vicars in a team ministry or parochial church councils, the Committee shall, before reaching their decision, afford to each incumbent or vicar and to each council or their representative an opportunity, if desired, of meeting the Committee or a sub-committee or representative thereof:

Provided that, in the case of a recommendation for a union of benefices or otherwise for the dissolution of any benefice or

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2429

for the holding in plurality of any benefice or benefices, or Part I the establishment of a team or group ministry for any benefice or benefices, or the abolition of any office of vicar in a team ministry, the incumbent of the benefice or each of the benefices or the holder of the office of vicar shall have an opportunity of meeting the Committee itself (as distinct from a sub-committee or representative thereof), if he so desires.

(4) Before deciding to make a recommendation that a declaration of redundancy be made in respect of any church, the Committee shall also ascertain the views of the Council for the Care of Churches, and shall obtain from them information about the historic and architectural qualities of that church and other churches in the area and the historic and aesthetic qualities of their contents.

(5) When the Committee have decided to make recommendations, they shall formulate them in draft proposals and submit them to the bishop, and shall annexe to the draft proposals (in a case to which the last foregoing subsection applies) the comments and information furnished by the Council for the Care of Churches, and the bishop may, with the agreement of the Committee, make such amendments of the draft proposals as appear to him desirable.

(6) If the bishop approves the draft proposals either with or without amendments, he shall submit the proposals as approved to the Commissioners, who shall send copies thereof to the interested parties, informing them that, if the Commissioners prepare a draft scheme or draft order in pursuance of the proposals, they will be given an opportunity of making representations with respect thereto.

The bishop shall also send to the Commissioners, with the proposals, the annexe (if any) containing the comments and information furnished by the Council for the Care of Churches.

4.—(1) The Commissioners shall consider any proposals sub- Amendment of mitted to them as aforesaid and may make, with the agreement proposals and of the bishop given after consultation with the Pastoral Com- PFjwfion mittee, such amendments thereof as appear to them desirable. °rorderby °

(2) If the proposals provide for a declaration of redundancy Commis-and also provide, in the circumstances mentioned in section 46sl0ners* or section 47 of this Measure,—

(a) for the demolition of the church to which the declara-

tion relates, or

(b) for the church being put to a use involving architectural

or structural changes in the church,

the Commissioners shall consult the Advisory Board.

4 I 2

2430

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part I (3) If it appears to the Commissioners that the implementing

of the proposals, with such amendments (if any) as may have been made under subsection (1) of this section, would be within the powers exercisable under Part II or Part III of this Measure (other than section 36 thereof) by a pastoral scheme or order, they shall proceed as follows: —

(a) if the implementing of the proposals or any of them

would require the exercise of powers only exercisable by a pastoral scheme, the Commissioners shall prepare a draft scheme to give effect to the proposals; or

(b) if all the proposals could be implemented by the exercise

of powers by a pastoral order (being powers mentioned in section 38 of this Measure), they shall prepare a draft order to give effect to the proposals:

Provided that—

(i) the Commissioners may, with the agreement of the

bishop given after consultation with the Pastoral Committee, decide to proceed with some but not all of the proposals, and in that case this subsection shall apply as if they were the only proposals;

(ii) if some but not all the proposals concerned could be implemented by a pastoral order, the Commissioners may prepare a draft order to give effect to those proposals, or some of them, and prepare a draft scheme to give effect to the other proposals.

Notice and 5.—(1) The Commissioners shall serve a copy of any draft

publication of scheme or order prepared under the last foregoing section on orordenfmeS ea^ interested parties, together with a notice stating

that written representations with respect thereto may be made to the Commissioners not later than a date specified in the notice, being a date not less than twenty-eight days after the service of the notice.

(2) If a draft scheme provides for a declaration of redundancy, the Commissioners shall—

(a) also serve a copy thereof on the Advisory Board;

(b) publish in one or more newspapers circulating in the

locality affected by the scheme a notice stating tho objects of the draft scheme and naming a place or places within the locality where a copy thereof may be inspected, and stating that written representations with respect to the draft scheme may be made to the Commissioners not later than a date specified in the notice, being a date not less than twenty-eight days after the first publication of the notice in such a newspaper;

and the requirements of paragraph (b) hereof shall also apply

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2431

to a draft scheme providing for any of the matters mentioned Part I in section 30 of this Measure.

(3) The Commissioners shall, in the case of every draft scheme, send copies of such a notice as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, but specifying a date not less than twenty-eight days after the sending of the notice, to the secretary of the parochial church council of every parish affected by the draft scheme, and require him to affix a copy on or near the principal door of the parish church or of each of the parish churches and of any other church in the parish to which a proposed declaration of redundancy relates.

(4) The Commissioners shall consider any written representations duly made with respect to any draft scheme or order and may, if they think fit, afford an opportunity to any person, whether he has made written representations or not, to make oral representations to their representative with respect to the draft scheme or order.

(5) The Commissioners may. before or after the end of the period within which written representations may be made under this section, extend that period, and any representations made within the period so extended shall be deemed to be duly made.

6. —(1) The Commissioners may, whether as a result of repre- Amendment of sentations or otherwise, amend any draft scheme or order dr^t s^aes prepared by them under this Part of this Measure, but any an or

such amendments shall only be made with the agreement of the bishop given after consultation with the Pastoral Committee.

(2) If any such amendments are made, the amended draft scheme or order shall be treated in the same manner as an original draft scheme or order, and the last foregoing section shall apply thereto accordingly.

7. Where the Commissioners, having considered the repre- Submission

sentations (if any), are of opinion that any such draft scheme to bishop or order should be made, and do not propose to make any a°d making amendments or any further amendments thereof, then— ]0

(a) in the case of a draft scheme, they shall submit it to

the bishop for his consent and, when he has given his consent, they shall seal a copy of the draft scheme and so make the scheme, and shall submit it for confirmation by Her Majesty in Council;

(b) in the case of a draft order, they shall seal a copy

thereof and submit it to the bishop who may, by applying his seal thereto, make the order.

8. —(1) As soon as possible after a scheme is submitted for Confirmation confirmation by Her Majesty in Council under the last foregoing of schemes section, the Commissioners shall give notice of such submission ky 0*dery to the interested parties and so far as practicable to any other m CouQC *

4 I 3

2432

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part I persons who have duly made written representations with respect thereto, and shall publish notice thereof in one or more newspapers circulating in the locality affected by the scheme, and the notice shall inform persons who have duly made written representations of their right to appeal to Her Majesty in Council and the time within which such right may be exercised.

(2) Any person who has duly made written representations with respect to the scheme may appeal to Her Majesty in Council against the scheme or any provisions thereof by lodging notice of appeal with the Clerk of the Privy Council before the expiration of a period of twenty-eight days beginning with the day immediately after the date of the first publication of the notice of the submission of the scheme as aforesaid.

(3) If no notice of appeal is given before the expiration of the period aforesaid. Her Majesty may by Order in Council confirm the scheme.

(4) If a notice of appeal is given before the expiration of the said period. Her Majesty in Council may order that the appeal be heard by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, and the Judicial Committee shall make a report thereon and may propose to Her Majesty in Council that the appeal should be allowed or dismissed or that the scheme should be returned to the Commissioners for reconsideration, and Her Majesty in Council may accordingly—

(a) allow the appeal, in which case the scheme shall be of

no effect, but without prejudice to the making and

submission of a further scheme; or

(b) dismiss the appeal and confirm the scheme; or

(c) return the scheme to the Commissioners for recon-

sideration.

(5) Where a scheme is returned to the Commissioners for reconsideration as aforesaid, they may—

(a) withdraw the scheme, or

(b) re-submit the scheme without any amendment thereof.

or

(c) amend the scheme with the agreement of the bishop

given after consultation with die Pastoral Committee.

(6) Where the Commissioners re-submit a scheme without amendment, the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, without any further hearing, may propose to Her Majesty in Council that the appeal should be allowed or dismissed, and the like effect shall follow on that proposal as if it had been made under subsection (4) hereof.

(7) Where the Commissioners amend the scheme, it shall be treated as a draft scheme amended under section 6 of this Measure and the provisions of this Part of this Measure

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2433

shall apply thereto accordingly, and if the amended scheme Part I is submitted to Her Majesty in accordance with those provisions, it shall, on such submission, be treated as a new scheme.

(8) The provisions of Schedule 2 to this Measure shall apply to appeals to Her Majesty in Council.

9. —(1) As soon as possible after a scheme is confirmed by Publication Order in Council under the last foregoing section or an order of notice of is made by the bishop under section 7 of this Measure, there OTmaSng°of shall be published in the London Gazette a notice sufficiently scheme or identifying the scheme or order and stating that it has been order, confirmed or made, as the case may be, and stating where a

copy of the Order in Council or order may be obtained.

(2) The Commissioners shall send a copy of every such Order in Council or order to the interested parties, and, in die case of a scheme containing a declaration of redundancy, to the Advisory Board.

(3) The Commissioners shall also send a copy of every such Order in Council or order to the registrar of the diocese concerned, who shall file it in the diocesan registry.

(4) An Order in Council made under the last foregoing section shall not be a statutory instrument as defined by section 1 of

the Statutory Instruments Act 1946, and the provisions of that 1946 c. 36. Act shall accordingly not apply thereto.

10. —(1) The validity of a scheme made and confirmed by Validity and Order in Council under this Part of this Measure and notified

in the London Gazette as aforesaid, or of an order made under J^d this Part of this Measure and notified as aforesaid, shall not be questioned in any legal proceedings.

(2) Except in so far as any such scheme or order, or any provision thereof, is expressed to come into operation on a date, event or contingency specified therein, it shall come into operation on the date on which notice thereof is given in the London Gazette.

Modified procedure for schemes and orders affecting more than one diocese

11.—(1) The Pastoral Committee of any diocese may include Limited in recommendations made by them such recommendations affect- "tension ing another diocese as are capable of implementation by the^11 exercise of the powers specified in section 35 of this Measure, and schemes and such recommendations and a scheme or order to implement to other them may be proceeded with, made and (in the case of a dioceses.

4 I 4

2434

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part I scheme) confirmed under and in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Measure, subject to the following conditions:—

(a) before ascertaining the views of any of the persons who would be interested parties as a result of the recommendations affecting the other diocese, the Pastoral Committee shall obtain the consent of the bishop of that other diocese to the consideration of those recommendations, and he shall, before giving his consent, consult the Pastoral Committee of his diocese;

(b) the bishop of the first-mentioned diocese shall not submit any draft proposals formulating such recommendations to the Commissioners under section 3(6) of this Measure without the consent of the bishop of the other diocese and, if both the dioceses concerned are in the same province, of the archbishop of that province, or if they are in different provinces, of both archbishops.

(2) The powers conferred by the foregoing subsection may be used to include recommendations affecting more than one other diocese, and in that case the conditions aforesaid shall be complied with in relation to each of the other dioceses.

Recommendations and schemes for the alteration of diocesan boundaries.

12.—(1) If it appears to the bishops of two or more dioceses that a committee should be constituted for the purpose of considering the boundaries of the dioceses concerned and the pastoral arrangements in the areas adjacent thereto and of making recommendations (if the committee so decide) the implementing of which would require the exercise of powers under section 36 of this Measure, they may by an instrument sealed by each of them provide for constituting a committee in accordance with the next following subsection.

(2) The committee shall be known as the Joint Pastoral Committee for the dioceses concerned, and shall comprise an equal number of members not exceeding five from each diocese and a chairman appointed by the bishops jointly, or, in default of their agreement, by the Commissioners; and the members from any diocese shall include the bishop if he so desires and shall otherwise be nominated by the Pastoral Committee from among their members.

(3) The functions of the Joint Pastoral Committee, and the powers exercisable in pursuance of their proposals under section 36 of this Measure, may be limited by the instrument aforesaid or any subsequent instrument sealed by the bishops of the dioceses concerned to a specified section or sections of the boundaries of the dioceses concerned or to an area or areas so specified, or to the consideration of proposals or questions so

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2435

specified relating to those boundaries or areas, but any such limitation may be revoked or varied by a subsequent instrument sealed by the bishops of the dioceses concerned.

(4) Paragraphs 7 to 11 of Schedule 1 to this Measure shall apply to a Joint Pastoral Committee in like manner as they apply to the Pastoral Committee of a diocese, with the omission of the reference in paragraph 11 to the directions of the Diocesan Conference.

(5) Any recommendations made by the Joint Pastoral Committee shall be made to the bishops of the dioceses concerned, and section 3 of this Measure shall apply to any such recommendations and their formulation and submission in draft proposals in like manner as it applies to the recommendations and draft proposals of the Pastoral Committee of a diocese, and the like proceedings may be taken on such proposals under sections 3 to 9 of this Measure as may be taken on proposals formulated and submitted by a Pastoral Committee, subject to the following modifications: —

(a) anything required or authorised to be done by or to the

bishop or registrar of the diocese shall be required or authorised to be done by or to the bishops or registrars of the dioceses concerned;

(b) the words in section 4(3) " (other than section 36

thereof) " shall be omitted and so much of that subsection as relates to the preparation of a draft order shall not apply.

(6) If it appears to the bishops of the dioceses concerned that the purposes for which a Joint Pastoral Committee was appointed have been sufficiently fulfilled, either by the making of a scheme or by a report or otherwise, or are unlikely to be fulfilled, they may by instrument sealed by them dissolve the Committee.

Supplementary

13.—(1) If the bishop is of opinion after consultation with the Pastoral Committee that proposals for the holding of two or more benefices in plurality, being proposals which could be implemented under Part II of this Measure by a pastoral order, should be submitted to the Commissioners and the interested parties have consented to the proposals, then—

(a) the bishop may of his own motion submit such pro-

posals to the Commissioners together with the said consents; and

(b) the Commissioners shall prepare a draft order to give

effect to the proposals, with such amendments (if any) as may be agreed with the bishop after consultation with the Pastoral Committee; and

4 I*

Part I

Power of bishop to formulate and submit proposals on certain matters.

2436

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part I

Withdrawal of scheme or order at request of bishop.

(c) the order shall be forthwith sealed and made under section 1(b) of this Measure.

(2) Proposals submitted under the foregoing subsection may provide for including among the benefices to be held in plurality one or more benefices from a diocese other than the diocese of the bishop submitting the proposals, but before seeking the consents of the interested parties in the other diocese, the said bishop shall obtain the consent of the bishop of the other diocese, who shall before giving it consult the Pastoral Committee of his diocese.

(3) Proposals submitted under subsection (1) of this section may include proposals for any matters arising in connection with the holding of benefices in plurality for which provision may be made under Part II of this Measure by a pastoral order.

(4) Where a part of a parish in which there is no church used for public worship is wholly surrounded by another parish, the bishop may, after consultation with the Pastoral Committee and with the consents of the interested parties, submit of his own motion to the Commissioners, together with the said consents, proposals for including the said part in the other parish, and subsection (1 )(b)and (c) of this section shall apply to those proposals.

(5) If the bishop is of opinion that proposals should be submitted to the Commissioners for the substitution for a parish church of some other church in the parish approved by the Commissioners as suitable for a parish church, or for altering the name of any benefice or parish, being proposals which could be implemented under Part II of this Measure by a pastoral order, and is satisfied, after consultation with the Pastoral Committee and the parochial church councils of any parishes which would be affected that no other interested party would be likely to object to such proposals, he may of his own motion formulate and submit proposals providing for the matters aforesaid, and the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Measure shall apply to those proposals as if they had been submitted to the Commissioners under section 3(6) of this Measure.

14. If the bishop of the diocese concerned or, in a case to which section 11, section 12 or section 13(2) hereof applies, the bishops of the dioceses concerned, requests or request the Commissioners not to proceed with any proposals, or to withdraw a draft scheme or order, the Commissioners shall comply with that request, but without prejudice to the making of fresh proposals:

Provided that such a request shall only be made after consultation with the Pastoral Committee or Committees or (in a case to which section 12 applies) the Joint Pastoral Committee of the diocese or dioceses concerned.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2437

15.—(1) At any time between the submission of proposals to Parti the Commissioners under this Part of this Measure and the Supplementary making of a scheme by them or the making of an order by the powers of bishop with respect to the proposals, the Commissioners may, without reference to any other person, make such amendments Qm^fttees. of the proposals or of any draft scheme or order prepared to give effect thereto as may seem to them necessary for the purpose of correcting any drafting mistake or omission.

(2) Nothing in this Part of this Measure shall be construed as limiting in any way the powers of a Pastoral Committee or a Joint Pastoral Committee or the Commissioners to consider any representations made to them by any person and to hold such consultations and interviews and make such inquiries as they think fit.

Part II

Contents and Effect of Pastoral Schemes and Orders

Changes in benefices, parishes, extra-parochial ,

archdeaconries and rural deaneries

16,—(1) A pastoral scheme may provide for any of the Creation, following matters: — alteration or

(a) for the creation, whether by union or otherwise, of new of benefices, benefices or parishes; parishes and

(b) for the dissolution of existing benefices or parishes; places?arochial

(c) for the alteration of the areas of existing benefices or parishes (including the transfer of a parish from one benefice to another) or the definition of their boundaries;

(d) for the creation of new extra-parochial places, the incorporation in parishes of existing extra-parochial places, or the alteration or definition of the boundaries of existing extra-parochial places.

(2) A pastoral scheme shall name every new benefice and new parish created by the scheme, and may alter the name of any benefice or parish.

(3) A pastoral scheme providing for the union of two or more benefices may provide for uniting all the parishes within the area of the new benefice, or for uniting some but not all those parishes, or may leave them as separate parishes.

(4) A pastoral scheme may provide for the creation of a new parish with full parochial status, notwithstanding that the parish so created will have no parish church when the provision comes into operation.

4 I. 2

2438

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part II

Holding of benefices in plurality.

1931 No. 3.

Archdeaconries and rural deaneries.

17. —(1) A pastoral scheme may provide for the holding in plurality of any two or more benefices subject to such conditions, if any, as may be specified in the scheme.

(2) The provisions of a pastoral scheme for the holding of benefices in plurality shall, unless the scheme otherwise provides, continue in force notwithstanding the occurrence of any vacancy:

Provided that, when the bishop gives notice of any vacancy or impending vacancy under section 1 of the Benefices (Exercise of Rights of Presentation) Measure 1931, die said provisions may be terminated either by the bishop or by one of the interested parochial church councils, as follows:—

(a) the bishop may state in the said notice that the said

provisions are to be terminated and shall in that case serve the notice on all the persons who are or, on such termination, become the patrons of the benefices concerned, and the said provisions shall cease to have effect on the vacancy or the service of the notice, whichever is the later; or

(b) any interested parochial church council may, within 28 days after the service of the said notice, pass a resolution that the said provisions are to be terminated, and shall forthwith notify the bishop of the resolution, and the bishop shall notify the other interested parochial church councils and all the persons who are or, on such termination, become the patrons of the benefices concerned, and the said provisions shall cease to have effect on the vacancy or the service of the notice, whichever is the later, and the bishop shall serve a fresh notice under section 1 of the said Measure on all the councils and patrons concerned, which shall have effect in substitution for the previous notice.

(3) The termination of the provisions aforesaid under the last foregoing subsection shall be without prejudice to any provisions relating to the future exercise of the rights of patronage of the benefices concerned in the event of a renewal of the plurality.

(4) Except with the leave of the bishop, an incumbent of two or more benefices held in plurality may not resign any of those benefices without resigning the other or others; and, if leave is granted for such resignation and there are at least two other benefices, the resignation shall not affect the holding in plurality of those other benefices.

18. A pastoral scheme—

(a) may provide for creating, altering or dissolving an archdeaconry or rural deanery, and shall name any new archdeaconry or rural deanery created by the

scheme;

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2439

(b) shall, where necessary, designate the archdeaconry or rural deanery to which any benefice created or altered by the scheme is to belong;

(c) may alter the name of any archdeaconry or rural

deanery.

Team and Group Ministries

19.—(1) A pastoral scheme may provide for the establishment of a team ministry for the area of any benefice, that is to say, for the sharing of the cure of souls in that area by a team of ministers consisting of—

(a) the incumbent of the benefice which, if it is not or

would not otherwise be a rectory, shall be a rectory;

(b) one or more other ministers who shall have the title of

vicar and a status equal to that of an incumbent of a benefice.

(2) The office of rector in a team ministry shall, according as the scheme may provide, be either a freehold office or an office to be held by each holder thereof for such term of years as may be specified in the scheme; but the fact that the office is held for a term of years shall not affect its other attributes as a benefice and, in particular, the rector shall be a corporation sole and as such hold the property of the benefice during his term of office.

(3) The office of vicar in a team ministry shall be an ecclesiastical office constituted by the scheme and shall be held by each holder thereof for such term of years as may be specified in the scheme or fixed in accordance therewith by the bishop’s licence; and the vicar shall, during that term, have the same security of tenure of his office as an incumbent of a benefice, and shall not be affected by a vacancy in the benefice of the rector.

(4) A pastoral scheme establishing a team ministry may designate the first rector (who may be the existing incumbent) or the first holder of any office of vicar but, subject to any such provision,—

(a) the rector shall be presented or collated to the benefice in accordance with paragraph 1 of Schedule 3 to this Measure and the provisions of the scheme made thereunder;

(b) the vicar or vicars shall be chosen by the bishop and the rector jointly and shall be appointed to the office by licence of the bishop under seal and publicly admitted in a church in the area;

(c) before a vicar is chosen to whom a special cure of souls

in respect of a part of the area is to be assigned in accordance with subsection (l)(a) hereof, the parochial

4 I. 3

Part U

Establishment of team ministries.

2440

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part II

1963 No. 1.

church council and any district church council concerned shall be consulted.

(5) The term of years for which the office of rector or vicar in a team ministry is held may, subject to any provision in a pastoral scheme, be extended by licence of the bishop under seal for a further term or further terms not exceeding, in the case of any one extension, the length of the original term, but any such extension shall be personal to the rector or vicar concerned and not affect the term of office of subsequent holders.

(6) The rector in a team ministry shall have a general responsibility for the cure of souls in the area of the benefice, which may be subject to any special cure or special responsibility given to a vicar as hereinafter provided, and shall be responsible for the leadership of the team; and the scheme may make further provision as to the relationship of the rector and other members of the team ministry.

(7) A vicar in a team ministry shall by virtue of his office, but subject to his licence, have authority to perform in the area of the benefice all such offices and services as may be performed by an incumbent, and the scheme or, subject to the scheme, the bishop's licence may—

(a) assign to a vicar a special cure of souls in respect of a

part of the said area and, if appropriate, the name of vicar of a church in that part;

(b) assign to a vicar a special responsibility for a particular pastoral function;

(c) provide that any such special cure or responsibility shall

be independent of the rector's general responsibility;

(d) assign to a vicar a general responsibility to be shared

with the rector for the cure of souls in the area as a whole;

and, if any such provision as aforesaid is made by the bishop’s licence, it may (subject to the scheme) be varied or revoked, with the consent of the rector and the vicar concerned, by a subsequent licence under seal.

(8) The Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Measure 1963 shall apply to vicars in a team ministry as if they were incumbents of the benefice for the area of which the team ministry is established.

(9) The rector and vicars in a team ministry shall meet as a chapter for the purpose of discussing and reaching a common mind on all matters of general concern or special interest to the team ministry; and the rector shall convene meetings of the chapter at regular intervals and shall preside when present, and in his absence a vicar appointed by him as deputy chairman shall preside.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2441

(10) Paragraph 3(1), (2), (3) and (4) of Schedule 3 to this Part II Measure shall apply to parochial church meetings and parochial

church councils in the area of a benefice for which a team ministry is established, and for the election of district church councils and churchwardens, and, if the area comprises more than one parish, for establishing a group council.

(11) Where two or more benefices are held in plurality, and a team ministry is established or is to be established for the area of one of those benefices, a pastoral scheme may provide for extending the operation of the team ministry, so long as the plurality continues, to the cure of souls in the area of any other benefice so held, and subsections (6), (7) and (10) hereof and the provisions of Schedule 3 therein referred to shall have effect as if the references to the area of the benefice were references to the combined area of the benefices concerned.

20.—(1) A pastoral scheme may provide for establishing for Establishment a group of benefices specified in the scheme a group ministry to of group which the following provisions shall apply: — ministries.

(a) each of the incumbents of the benefices in the group

shall have authority to perform in the area of every such benefice all such offices and services as may be performed by the incumbent of that benefice;

(b) the incumbent of any such benefice shall, in performing

such offices and services in the area of another benefice, act in accordance with the directions of the incumbent of that other benefice;

(c) it shall be the duty of all the incumbents to assist each

other so as to make the best possible provision for the cure of souls throughout the area of the group ministry.

(2) Where a group ministry is established, the rights and duties aforesaid of each incumbent shall attach to his office, and accordingly, so long as the group ministry continues and the benefice is included therein, the incumbent shall not be entitled to resign or withdraw from those rights and duties, except by resigning the benefice, and on a vacancy the new incumbent shall be admitted to the benefice as an office in the group ministry, with the rights and subject to the duties thereof.

(3) A pastoral scheme establishing a group ministry may designate the first person (who may be the existing incumbent) to hold any benefice as a benefice in the group, but subject as aforesaid the incumbent of any such benefice shall be presented or collated to the benefice by the patron thereof, with the approval of the bishop (in the case of presentation) given in accordance with paragraph 2 of Schedule 3 to this Measure.

4 I. 4

2442

No. i

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part II (4) The incumbents in a group ministry shall meet as a chapter for the purpose of discussing and reaching a common mind on all matters of general concern or special interest to the group ministry; and a pastoral scheme may provide for the chairmanship of the chapter and, in default of such provision, the members shall elect a chairman, normally for a term of three years; and the chairman shall convene meetings of the chapter at regular intervals and shall preside when present, and in his absence a deputy chairman appointed by the meeting shall preside.

(5) Paragraph 3(4) and (5) of Schedule 3 to this Measure shall apply for the establishment of group councils and with respect to parochial church meetings and parochial church councils in parishes in the area of a group ministry.

(6) A pastoral scheme may include in a group ministry a benefice for which a team ministry is established, and in that case the foregoing provisions of this section and die provisions of Schedule 3 therein referred to shall apply to all the vicars in the team ministry, as well as to the rector, in like manner as they apply to the incumbents of the other benefices in the group, except that directions to those incumbents in respect of their ministry in the area of the benefice for which the team ministry is established shall only be given by the rector.

Termination and alteration of team ministries and group ministries.

21.—(1) Without prejudice to the generality of the powers of revocation and amendment of pastoral schemes, a pastoral scheme may—

(a) terminate a team ministry by abolishing the offices of

the vicars and restoring the rectory, if it is held for a term of years, to the status of a freehold office;

(b) alter a team ministry by abolishing one or more of the

offices of the vicars or increasing the number of such offices;

(c) with the consent of the rector or vicar concerned or on

a vacancy, change the office of a rector in a team ministry from a freehold office to an office held for a specified term of years or alter the term of years for which an office of rector or vicar in a team ministry is held;

(d) terminate a group ministry by abolishing the rights and

duties attaching to the benefices in the group under the last foregoing section;

(e) alter a group ministry by reducing or increasing or

changing the benefices in the group;

(/) provide for such supplementary, consequential or transitional provisions as may be necessary or expedient.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2443

including in particular the provision relating to patron- Part n age required by paragraph 1(9) of Schedule 3 to this Measure and provisions relating to the matters mentioned in paragraph 3 of the said Schedule.

(2) If a benefice for which a team ministry is established is dissolved by a pastoral scheme, the offices of the vicars in the team ministry (as well as the office of rector) shall cease to exist, without prejudice to the creation of such offices for any benefice created or altered by the scheme.

Other provisions as to clergy and ministry

22. —(1) Where a pastoral scheme provides— Status and

(a) for the union of two or more benefices one of which is benefices, a rectory, or

(b) for the dissolution of a rectory, otherwise than as a result of a union of benefices,

the new benefice created by the union or, as the case may be, the benefice in the area of which the residence of the rector of the dissolved rectory is situated, shall be a rectory.

(2) Save as aforesaid and except in the case of a benefice for which a team ministry is established, every new benefice created by a pastoral scheme shall be a vicarage.

(3) Any question under the foregoing provisions of this section whether a benefice is or was a rectory shall be determined by the Commissioners.

(4) The rector or vicar of a new benefice created by a pastoral scheme shall have the exclusive cure of souls in the area of the benefice, subject to the rights of the bishop of the diocese and, if there is a team or group ministry established for the benefice, to the rights and duties of the other members of the team or group, and shall accordingly have all the rights and duties appertaining to a benefice with cure of souls, and shall be a corporation sole.

(5) Where any office attaches to a benefice which is united with any other benefice or benefices by a pastoral scheme, that office shall attach to the new benefice created by the union unless the scheme otherwise provides.

23. —(1) A pastoral scheme providing for the creation of aDesigna-

new benefice by the union of two or more benefices, may provide *"£».

for the designation or selection of the first incumbent of the "

new benefice and of the incumbent of any of the benefices of certain concerned which falls vacant before the union takes effect, incumbents, and for restricting rights of presentation on any such vacancy.

(2) A pastoral scheme providing for the holding of two or more benefices in plurality may provide for the designation or selection of the incumbent who is to hold all the benefices

2444

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Operation of schemes dispossessing clergy or dissolving archdeaconries or rural deaneries.

Part II concerned and of the incumbent of any such benefice failing vacant before all the said benefices come to be held in plurality, and for restricting rights of presentation on any such vacancy.

(3) The two last foregoing subsections shall not apply to the first rector of a team ministry or the first incumbent of a benefice in a group ministry to whom sections 19(4) and 20(3) of this Measure respectively apply.

(4) Paragraph 4 of Schedule 3 to this Measure shall apply, with respect to the admission and induction of incumbents of benefices created or affected by pastoral schemes as therein mentioned.

24,—(1) A provision of a pastoral scheme which dissolves any benefice, archdeaconry or rural deanery or abolishes or results in the abolition of any office of vicar in a team ministry may be brought into operation without the assent of the incumbent, archdeacon, rural dean or vicar and without waiting for a vacancy in the benefice, archdeaconry, rural deanery or office.

(2) If, on the date of the coming into operation of any provision of a pastoral scheme—

(a) for the holding of benefices in plurality; or

(b) for the establishment of a team ministry for the area of a benefice; or

(c) for the establishment of a group ministry for a group of benefices;

any of the benefices concerned, or the benefice concerned, is not vacant, and the existing incumbent is not to hold the benefice by virtue of a designation by the scheme or any appointment under the scheme or this Measure, the benefice shall be deemed to be vacated on the said date.

(3) A pastoral scheme any provision of which will or may have die effect of vacating a benefice under the last foregoing subsection or of dissolving a benefice or archdeaconry which is not already vacant or of abolishing the office of a vicar in a team ministry which is not already vacant, shall provide that the said provision is not to come into operation until a date at least six months after the notice of the scheme is published in the London Gazette or, if the operation thereof is dependent on the happening of any event or contingency, until a date at least six months after the happening thereof:

Provided that—

(a) this subsection shall not apply to a benefice which is dissolved in consequence of a union of benefices, if the incumbent of that benefice is to be the holder of the new benefice created by the union;

(b) the scheme may provide that if, owing to a subsequent vacancy, any such provision will not have the effect

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2445

aforesaid, it shall come into operation either on the Part II date of publication or the happening of the event or contingency or on the vacancy, whichever last occurs.

(4) If, on the coming into operation of any provision to which the last foregoing subsection applies, the official residence of the incumbent, archdeacon or vicar concerned, being the parsonage house or the house held on trust for use as such residence, is not vested in the Diocesan Board of Finance, the said Board shall have a right to take proceedings to recover possession of the residence.

25. The provisions of Schedule 4 to this Measure shall have Compensation effect for the purpose of conferring rights to compensation on of clergy, incumbents of benefices, vicars in team ministries and archdeacons whose benefices or offices are dissolved, abolished,

vacated or resigned in the circumstances specified in the said Schedule, and of determining claims to such compensation, and for other matters relating thereto.

26. A pastoral scheme may provide in relation to any Assistant

benefice— curates and

(a) for the employment of one or more assistant curates

or for the provision of assistance by other clergymen; assistance.

(b) for placing an area or district under the special care

of an assistant curate;

(c) for the employment of deaconesses, readers or other

lay workers.

Churches, Churchyards and parsonage houses

27.—(1) Where a pastoral scheme creates a new parish, by Provisions union or otherwise, or alters a parish, then— churches™*1

(a) if there is one existing parish church in the parish so

created or altered, that church shall be the parish church, unless the scheme designates another church as the parish church;

(b) if there are two or more existing parish churches in the

parish so created or altered, the scheme may provide that the parish shall have more than one church with the status of a parish church, and the scheme shall designate the church or churches that is or are to be the parish church or parish churches, and a church which is not one of the existing parish churches may be so designated;

(c) if there is no existing parish church in the parish so created or altered, but the Commissioners have, before the scheme comes into operation, approved a church in that parish as suitable to be a parish church, that church shall, on the coming into operation of the

2446

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part II

1949 c. 76.

1964 No. 3.

scheme or on its consecration, whichever last occurs, become the parish church.

In this subsection " existing parish church " means a church which, immediately before the scheme comes into operation, is a parish church and is not declared redundant by the scheme.

(2) Where, in a parish which has no parish church, a church is approved by the Commissioners as suitable to be a parish church and is consecrated, it shall become the parish church of that parish.

(3) Where a parish has more than one parish church by virtue of such a designation as aforesaid, the following provisions shall apply:—

(a) the parishioners of the parish shall have the same rights

of worship in each of the parish churches;

(b) marriages may be solemnized in any of the parish churches, and the bishop may give directions under section 23 of the Marriage Act 1949, as extended by paragraph 14(3) of Schedule 3 to this Measure, with respect to the publication of banns and solemnization of marriages in the parish churches;

(c) burial rights shall not be affected by the designation,

but shall be governed by paragraph 15 of the said Schedule 3;

(d) the powers, duties and liabilities of the parochial church

council of the parish shall extend to each of the parish churches;

(e) two churchwardens shall be appointed for each of the

parish churches, and the Churchwardens (Appointment and Resignation) Measure 1964 shall apply separately to each pair of churchwardens, but all the churchwardens shall be churchwardens of the whole parish, except so far as they may arrange to perform separate duties in relation to the several parish churches;

and the pastoral scheme may make such other adaptations or modifications of enactments or Measures relating to parish churches (including the foregoing provisions) as may be necessary or expedient.

(4) A pastoral scheme may substitute for a parish church of any parish another church situated in that parish which has been approved by the Commissioners as suitable to be a parish church, whether or not the parish is otherwise affected by the scheme.

(5) A pastoral scheme may provide for a new church and for it to become, after its approval by the Commissioners as suitable to be a parish church and its consecration, a parish

Pastoral Measure 1968

2447

No. 1

church of the parish in which it is situated, either in substitution Part II for an existing parish church or otherwise.

(6) It shall be lawful in any church designated by a pastoral scheme as a parish church or becoming a parish church under this section, to publish banns of matrimony, solemnize marriages and perform all such other ecclesiastical offices as may be performed in a parish church, and a pastoral scheme may provide for transferring to the church aforesaid registers or other parochial documents from any other church ceasing to be a parish church or otherwise affected by or in pursuance of that or any other pastoral scheme, and may provide for determining claims to sittings and other claims in respect of the church so designated or becoming a parish church as aforesaid.

28. —(1) A pastoral scheme may make a declaration of Redundant redundancy in respect of— churches.

(i a) a church which the Commissioners are satisfied is not required as a parish church or chapel of ease or will cease to be so required as a result of any provision of the scheme; or (b)any part of a church (being a parish church or chapel of ease) which the Commissioners are satisfied is no longer required for use as a part of the church or will cease to be so required as a result of any provision of the scheme;

and in that case provision may be made in accordance with Part III of this Measure, either by the pastoral scheme (in the circumstances specified in sections 46 and 47) or by a scheme made under the said Part III, for the use, the care and maintenance or the demolition of the church or part of a church to which the declaration relates (in this Measure referred to as the " redundant building "), and also for dealing with a churchyard or other land annexed or belonging to the church.

(2) A declaration of redundancy may be made as aforesaid in respect of a parish church notwithstanding that the parish will have no parish church when the declaration takes effect, and the status of the parish shall not be affected by the lack of a parish church.

(3) As from the date when a declaration of redundancy takes effect in respect of the whole of a church, the church shall be closed for public worship except as may be provided under Part III of this Measure.

29. —(1) Where a parish has no parish church, the bishop Places of

shall make provision for public worship according to the rites worehip in and ceremonies of the Church of England by licensing one or' more buildings or parts of buildings for such worship. churches.

2448

Part n 1949 c. 76.

1964 No. 5.

Use of churchyards and burial grounds not annexed to redundant churches.

No. 1 Pastoral Measure 1968

(2) The bishop may designate any building or part of a building licensed as aforesaid as the parish centre of worship, and thereupon for the purposes of the Marriage Act 1949, and paragraph 14 of Schedule 3 to this Measure, and of any other enactment, provision of a Measure (including this Measure) rule or law requiring or authorising any service or ceremony to be held or notices to be affixed or other thing done in or at the parish church, a building or part of a building so designated shall be deemed, while the designation is in force, to be the parish church:

Provided that—

(a) if the persons to be married so elect, they may proceed

under section 6 and section 15 of the Marriage Act 1949 (which contain provisions whereby parishes in which there is no parish church are deemed to belong to adjoining parishes) as if there had been no such designation;

(b) a building or part of a building so designated shall not

by virtue of the designation be subject to the faculty jurisdiction, but without prejudice to the power of the bishop under section 6 of the Faculty Jurisdiction Measure 1964 to direct that it shall be so subject

(3) A designation under the last foregoing subsection may be revoked by the bishop and, if a parish church is approved and consecrated under section 27(2) of this Measure, any such designation shall cease to have effect but without prejudice to the continuation in force of any licence under this section, if the bishop thinks fit.

(4) Any such designation or revocation thereof shall be under seal and shall be registered in the registry of the diocese, and the registrar of the diocese shall give public notice thereof in one or more newspapers circulating in the locality.

30.—(1) Subject to the next following subsection a pastoral scheme may provide for the appropriation of the whole or any part of a churchyard or other land annexed or belonging to a church (other than a church to which a declaration of redundancy relates), or the whole or any part of any burial ground vested in the incumbent of the benefice but not annexed or belonging to a church, to such use or uses as may be specified or generally described in the scheme, and may provide for the disposal of any such property for such use or uses or without limitation of use:

Provided that, in the case of a churchyard or other land annexed or belonging to a church or a burial ground adjacent to a church, the scheme shall make such provision as appears

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2449

to the bishop and the Commissioners to be desirable for safe- Part H guarding the use and amenities of the church.

(2) A scheme providing for the matters aforesaid shall have

effect notwithstanding section 3 of the Disused Burial Grounds 1884 c. 72. Act 1884 (which prohibits the erection of buildings on disused burial grounds), if one or other of the following conditions is satisfied, namely—

(a) that no person has been buried in any of the land to

which the provisions apply during the period of fifty years immediately before the making of the scheme; or

(b) that no relative or personal representative of any

deceased person buried in the land during the said period has objected to the draft scheme, or all such objections have been withdrawn; and the said section shall otherwise apply.

(3) Any scheme providing for the matters aforesaid may also make provision for the vesting of the property and for applying in relation thereto, with such modifications as may be specified in the scheme, any of the provisions of Part III of this Measure relating to the appropriation, disposal and vesting of property, rights of way, the removal of the legal effects of consecration and the imposing of covenants; and the provisions of the said Part III relating to the disposal of human remains shall apply to the property.

31.—(1) A pastoral scheme may provide for any of the Parsonage following matters:— houses.

ia) the designation of the place of residence of the incumbent of any benefice created or affected by the scheme or of the incumbent of any benefices to be held in plurality by virtue of the scheme or of any vicar in a team ministry established for any benefice by the scheme or of any assistant curate employed in any such benefice as aforesaid;

(b) the provision by purchase or otherwise or the improve-

ment or repair of a house in which an incumbent or a vicar in a team ministry or assistant curate or lay worker is to reside and for the vesting of any house so provided;

(c) the transfer of a parsonage house to the incumbent of

any benefice as his residence, or to the Diocesan Board of Finance for disposal in accordance with paragraph 9 of Schedule 3 to this Measure or for use as a residence for a vicar in a team ministry or a minister of an extra-parochial place or an assistant curate or for other parochial or diocesan purposes;

2450

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part n

Provisions as to patronage.

(d) the demolition in whole or in part of a parsonage

house and the disposal of the materials thereby obtained, and the determination of the person who is to carry out the demolition and the person who is to bear the expense thereof;

(e) the transfer of the site of any demolished parsonage

house to the said Board for such disposal as aforesaid or for use for diocesan or parochial purposes;

(f) the division of a parsonage house into two or more

parts.

(2) The power under paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection to designate the place of residence of an incumbent or a vicar in a team ministry or an assistant curate shall be construed as a power either to designate the particular house or the locality where he is to live, and the designation of a particular house shall be without prejudice to the subsequent exercise of any power to dispose of the house.

(3) The powers under paragraphs (c) and (e) of subsection

(1) of this section to provide for the transfer of a parsonage house or the site thereof to the Diocesan Board of Finance for such disposal or use as aforesaid shall include power to exclude from such transfer any land held with the parsonage house or any part of the site.

Patronage

32.—(1) A pastoral scheme may, with the consent of the patron or patrons concerned, provide for the exchange or transfer of rights of patronage of any benefice or church, whether or not that benefice or church is otherwise affected by the scheme.

(2) A pastoral scheme creating any new benefice may provide for vesting the patronage of the benefice in a patron or patrons and, where necessary, for determining the manner in which the rights of patronage are to be exercised.

(3) Unless provision is made under the foregoing provisions of this section, the patron of a new benefice created by a pastoral scheme shall be the Diocesan Board of Patronage for the diocese in which the benefice lies.

(4) A pastoral scheme providing for the holding of two or more benefices in plurality may provide for the exercise of the rights of patronage of those benefices, including the exercise thereof on a renewal of the said provision for plurality.

(5) Where any benefice is dissolved by a pastoral scheme, or a chapel of ease becomes a parish church by virtue of a pastoral scheme, the rights of patronage of the benefice and any rights of patronage of the chapel of ease shall cease to exist.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2451

(6) In the exercise of the powers conferred by the foregoing Part I! provisions of this section regard shall be had to the interests

of persons whose rights of patronage cease to exist by virtue of a pastoral scheme and the interests of patrons of benefices to be held in plurality, but it shall not be necessary for the scheme to provide, in cases where there are pastoral or practical objections, for conferring new patronage rights on the first-mentioned persons or on all of them or for sharing the exercise of the patronage rights of the benefices to be held in plurality among the patrons of those benefices or all of them.

(7) Any provision with respect to rights of patronage made by or by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect subject to any provision made by virtue of section 23 of this Measure with respect to the incumbents and vacancies therein mentioned.

(8) A pastoral scheme providing for the vesting or exercise of rights of patronage under subsection (2) or subsection (4) of this section, may also, in appropriate cases, provide for applying to those rights any trusts formerly applicable to rights extinguished or altered by or by virtue of the scheme.

(9) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall affect the provisions of sections 19(4) and 20(3) of this Measure and paragraphs 1 and 2 of Schedule 3 thereto, and accordingly any rights of patronage exchanged or transferred or created by or under this section shall, on the establishment of a team or group ministry for the benefices concerned, have effect subject to the said provisions

(10) Paragraph 5 of Schedule 3 to this Measure shall apply to patronage rights affected by pastoral schemes as therein mentioned.

Endowments, stipends and other remuneration

33.—(1) A pastoral scheme may provide for the transfer or Provisions appropriation of the whole or a part of the endowments of any as *° benefice (whether existing or to be created)— stipmdjj8’

(a) to another benefice, so as to become endowments of that and other

benefice; or remuneration.

(b) in the case of glebe land or a glebe house, to the

Diocesan Board of Finance for disposal in accordance with paragraph 9 of Schedule 3 to this Measure or for providing a residence for a vicar in a team ministry or an assistant curate; or

(c) to the capital account of the diocesan stipends fund,

or in the case of an endowment being a periodic payment, to the income account of the said fund:

2452

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part n Provided that, if the scheme would otherwise have provided for the transfer or appropriation of any endowments to a benefice held by the provost of a parish church cathedral within 1963 No. 2. the meaning of the Cathedrals Measure 1963, it shall provide instead that they shall be transferred or appropriated to the cathedral chapter of that cathedral or, in the case of an endowment being a periodical payment, that it shall become part of the capitular revenues of the cathedral.

(2) A pastoral scheme may provide, on such terms and conditions as may be specified, that die whole of the income of the endowments of a benefice, or a specified annual amount thereof, or the excess over a specified amount thereof, shall be paid to the income account of the diocesan stipends fund:

Provided that, for the purpose of any such provision for the payment of the excess over a specified amount, any gift or bequest received, or any grant made by the Commissioners, after the confirmation of the scheme shall be disregarded in calculating the income of the endowments, unless the scheme otherwise provides.

For the purposes of this subsection two or more benefices which are held in plurality or are to be held in plurality by virtue of the scheme may be treated as if they constituted one benefice and as if the aggregate of the income of their endowments were the income of the endowments of that one benefice.

(3) The powers conferred by the foregoing provisions of this section shall only be exercised with respect to the endowments or the income of the endowments of any benefice (not being a benefice which ceases to exist by virtue of the scheme) in the following cases: —

(a) where the provision is to take effect during a vacancy

or on the occurrence of a vacancy in the benefice; or

(b) where the incumbent of the benefice consents; or

(c) where the income of the endowments of the benefice,

disregarding any gift or bequest made during the existing incumbency, is not to be reduced below file amount thereof when the incumbent was admitted; or

(d) where the benefice is to be held in plurality and the provision will only operate during the continuance of the plurality;

and the Commissioners shall in every case satisfy themselves that the income of the endowments of the benefice or (in case

(d)) the aggregate income of the endowments of the benefices will be adequate.

(4) Any provision made under subsection (2) of this section may be revoked, or may be varied so as to reduce the amount

Pastoral Measure 1968 No. 1

of the income payable thereunder, by the Commissioners with the consent of the bishop and the Diocesan Board of Finance.

(5) Where a benefice is dissolved by a pastoral scheme, whether in consequence of a union of benefices or otherwise, and the Commissioners hold moneys for expenditure on capital purposes in connection with a parsonage house for the benefice or moneys arising from or in connection with the disposal of a parsonage house of the benefice, the Parsonages Measure 1938 shall apply to all such moneys as it applies to moneys arising from the sale of property of the benefice under the said Measure, and shall have effect with the modification that references to the benefice for which the money was held or to which the property belonged shall be construed—

(a) in the case of a union, as references to the new benefice

created by the union;

(b) in any other case, as references to such benefices as may

be specified in the scheme:

Provided that the scheme may provide that the said moneys or any part thereof shall, instead of being applied and disposed of under the Parsonages Measure 1938 as so modified, be paid into the diocesan pastoral account.

(6) A pastoral scheme may charge the income account of the diocesan stipends fund with the payment to the incumbent of any benefice of such stipend as may be specified therein.

(7) A pastoral scheme may charge the income account of the diocesan stipends fund with the payment of such periodic sums as may be approved from time to time by the bishop, up to a maximum amount specified in the scheme, to such person or body as the bishop may appoint, in respect of the stipend of any vicar in a team ministry or any assistant curate or the remuneration of any other person providing clerical or lay assistance in respect of any benefice.

(8) A pastoral scheme may provide for extinguishing any charge created before the commencement of this Measure (including a charge created by or under any other Act or Measure), being a charge on the income of the endowments of a benefice and forming the sole endowment or part of the endowments of another benefice. 9

(9) A pastoral scheme may make the like provision in respect of any endowments held in trust for the use or remuneration of any assistant curate of a benefice, or the income of such endowments, as may be made under the foregoing provisions of this section in respect of the endowments of a benefice or the income thereof, and may convert any such endowments into endowments of a benefice.

2453

PART'D 1938 No. 3.

Pastoral Measure 1968

2454

Part II

Sinecure rectories and chapelries.

Limited extension of pastoral schemes to other dioceses.

No. 1

(10) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply, so far as applicable, to the endowments of an archdeaconry as they apply to the endowments of a benefice, with the modification that the power to transfer the endowments of a benefice to another benefice shall be construed as a power to transfer the endowments of an archdeaconry to another archdeaconry.

Provisions as to Sinecures

34. A pastoral scheme may provide for merging with a benefice any sinecure rectory, or any office of minister of a church or chapel without cure of souls, and may make further provision for any of the matters for which provision is or may be made by or under this Part of this Measure in relation to a benefice, and in particular—

(a) for the vesting of any such church or chapel and its use

either as a parish church or chapel of ease, or for making a declaration of redundancy in respect thereof;

(b) for the transfer, vesting or disposal of rights of

patronage, endowments or other property relating or belonging to any such rectory or office, on such terms as may be provided by the scheme.

Pastoral schemes affecting more than one diocese

35. —(1) A pastoral scheme may, if the conditions specified in section 11 of this Measure are complied with, apply to a diocese other than the diocese in which the proposals for the scheme originated, to the extent that the scheme may provide—

(a) for a union of benefices or parishes comprising one

or more benefices or parishes from each of the two dioceses;

(b) for creating a new benefice (otherwise than by union)

for an area comprising areas from the two dioceses;

(c) for the transfer of a parish from a benefice in one

diocese to a benefice in the other;

(d) for creating a new extra-parochial place comprising

areas from the two dioceses or transferring an extra-parochial place from one diocese to the other, whether by means of incorporation in a parish or otherwise;

(e) for altering the boundaries between a parish or extra-

parochial place in one diocese and a parish or extra-parochial place in the other;

(/) for the holding in plurality of benefices comprising one or more benefices from each diocese;

(g) for establishing a group ministry for a group of benefices comprising one or more benefices from each diocese;

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2455

and may also provide, in relation to any benefice, parish or extra-parochial place affected by such a provision as aforesaid, for any of the matters for which provision may be made by a pastoral scheme in relation to benefices, parishes and extra-parochial places wholly comprised in one diocese, subject to such modifications as may be necessary or expedient in consequence of the application of the scheme to another diocese.

(2) The powers conferred by the foregoing subsection may be exercised in relation to more than one diocese (other than the diocese in which the proposals for the scheme originated), and in that case shall include power to create a benefice or parish (by union or otherwise) or an extra-parochial place comprising benefices, parishes or areas from all the dioceses concerned, or to alter a benefice, parish or extra-parochial place so as to comprise areas from all those dioceses, or to establish a group ministry for benefices from all those dioceses.

(3) A pastoral scheme to which this section applies shall, in the case of any benefice, parish or extra-parochial place which includes areas from two or more dioceses, allocate it to such one of those dioceses and to such archdeaconry and rural deanery in that diocese as the scheme may designate.

(4) A pastoral scheme providing for establishing a group ministry for benefices from two or more dioceses shall make such transfers of benefices from one diocese to another as may be necessary to bring the whole group within the diocese designated by the scheme. 36

36. Where a pastoral scheme is made in pursuance of proposals formulated by a Joint Pastoral Committee appointed under section 12 of this Measure,—

(a) the scheme may provide for altering the boundaries

between any of the dioceses represented by the Joint Pastoral Committee, and for transferring any benefices, parishes or extra-parochial places affected by the alteration from one diocese to another, but not so as to create or dissolve any diocese;

(b) the scheme may also provide, as respects such areas of the said dioceses affected directly or indirectly by the alteration of boundaries as the scheme may specify, for any of the matters for which a pastoral scheme may provide with respect to an area in one diocese, subject to such modifications as may be necessary or expedient by reason of the application of the scheme to more than one diocese:

Provided that the powers conferred by this section shall be subject to any limitation imposed by instrument sealed by the bishops of the dioceses concerned under the said section 12, as

Part II

Schemes for the alteration of diocesan boundaries.

2456

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part II

Representation in the Church Assembly.

Powers exercisable by pastoral order.

in force at the time when the scheme is made by the Commissioners.

37. For the purpose of representation in the Houses of Convocation and of the Church Assembly no account shall be taken of any alteration of diocesan boundaries made by a pastoral scheme by virtue of either of the last two foregoing sections, until the elections for those Houses next occur after the coming into operation of the relevant provisions of the scheme.

Pastoral Orders

38. The following powers exercisable under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Measure by a pastoral scheme shall also be exercisable by a pastoral order, that is to say:—

(a) the power to alter the areas of benefices or parishes

or to define their boundaries under section 16(l)(c) or to alter or define extra-parochial places under section 16(l)(d), but not so as to transfer from any benefice or parish any church used for public worship;

(b) the power to alter the name of any benefice or parish under section 16(2);

(c) the power to provide for the holding in plurality of any

two or more benefices (subject to such conditions, if any, as may be specified) under section 17;

(d) the power to provide for creating, altering or dissolving,

for designating, and for naming or altering the name of an archdeaconry or rural deanery, under section 18;

(e) the power to assign a special cure of souls or other

responsibilities to vicars in team ministries under section 19(7), and the power to alter a team ministry or change die office of a rector or vicar in a team ministry under section 21(1)0) or (c), and to provide for supplementary, consequential or transitional matters under section 21(1)(/);

(f) the power under section 23(2) to provide for the

designation or selection of incumbents of benefices to be held in plurality;

(g) the power to make provision with respect to the employ-

ment and remuneration of assistant curates and other persons providing clerical or lay assistance under section 26;

(h) the power under section 27(4) to substitute for the parish church of any parish another church situated in that parish and approved by the Commissioners as suitable to be a parish church;

</) the powers under section 31 as respects parsonage houses and the residences of vicars in team ministries

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2457

and assistant curates, except so far as they relate to a Part il new benefice;

(k) the power to provide for the exercise of patronage of benefices held in plurality under section 32(4);

(/) the power to provide for the payment to the income account of the diocesan stipends Kind of the income of the endowments of a benefice or of curacy endowments under section 33(2) and (9) respectively, and the power to charge the said account under section 33(7) with payments in respect of the stipends and remuneration therein mentioned;

(m) the powers under section 35 so far as they relate to the holding of benefices in plurality, subject to the modification that the reference to the conditions specified in section 11 shall include a reference to the condition specified in section 13(2) of this Measure;

and accordingly the said provisions of this Part of this Measure, and also section 27(6) and section 33(3) and (4), shall apply, subject to any limitations specified above, to pastoral orders as they apply to pastoral schemes:

Provided that the powers specified in paragraphs (c), (d) and

(e) of this section shall not include power to require any benefice to be vacated under section 24(2), or to provide for dissolving any archdeaconry or abolishing any office of vicar in a team ministry except with the assent of the archdeacon or vicar or on a vacancy.

Supplementary

39•—(1) A pastoral scheme or pastoral order may contain Supplementary such supplementary or consequential provisions as appear to the provision* Commissioners and the bishop or bishops concerned to be neces- ^hetnesTnd sary or expedient for giving effect to the purposes of the scheme orders, or order.

(2) A pastoral scheme or order shall, where the Commissioners consider it appropriate, have annexed thereto a map or plan showing the changes made by the scheme or order.

(3) A pastoral scheme or order may provide that the scheme or order, or any provisions thereof, shall come into operation on a specified date, or on the happening of a specified event or contingency, and different dates, events or contingencies may be specified for different provisions.

40.—(1) A pastoral scheme may be amended or revoked by Amendment a subsequent pastoral scheme or may, in respect of matters a"d revocation falling within the powers exercisable by a pastoral order, be amended by a pastoral order. orders.

2458

Part II

Application of Schedule 3 containing supplementary provisions and powers.

Appointment of Advisory Board for Redundant Churches.

No. 1 Pastoral Measure 1968

(2) A pastoral order may be amended or revoked by a subsequent pastoral order or pastoral scheme.

(3) If an amending pastoral scheme or order involves the exercise of powers under section 35 or section 36 of this Measure, the conditions mentioned in those sections or in section 38(m), as the case may require, shall be complied with.

(4) An amending pastoral scheme or order may provide for any matters for which provision could have been made by the scheme or order to be amended.

(5) A pastoral scheme or order, or any provision thereof, may be revoked or amended under this section before it comes into operation.

41. Schedule 3 to this Measure, which—

(a) consists mainly of provisions applying generally by

virtue of this Measure to such matters arising out of pastoral schemes and orders as are therein mentioned; and

(b) includes some provisions conferring supplemental

powers exercisable by pastoral schemes and orders in relation to such matters,

shall have effect, but without prejudice to the powers conferred by subsection (1) of the last but one foregoing section.

Part III Redundant Churches

Appointment of statutory bodies for purposes relating to redundant churches

42.—(1) There shall be a Board, to be called the Advisory Board for Redundant Churches, consisting of a chairman and not less than six nor more than ten other members, and the chairman and other members shall be appointed by the Archbishops of Canterbury and York jointly after consultation with the Prime Minister and First Lord of the Treasury.

(2) The provisions of paragraphs 1 to 4 of Schedule 5 to this Measure shall apply to the constitution and procedure of the said Board.

(3) The functions of the said Board shall be to give information and advice to the Commissioners on or concerning the historic and architectural qualities of any church or part of a church as respects which the question arises whether it ought to be declared redundant, or as respects which questions arise as to

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2459

its use, demolition or preservation on or in the event of its Part III being declared redundant.

(4) The Commissioners may make grants out of their general fund in respect of the expenses of the said Board.

(5) The said Board shall have power to appoint a secretary and such other officers and agents as they consider necessary for the proper discharge of their functions, subject to the approval of the Commissioners as respects number and the terms of service or appointment.

(6) Before giving advice on the question whether any such church or part of a church as aforesaid ought to be demolished or preserved, the said Board shall consult the Redundant Churches Fund established under the following provisions of this Part of this Measure as to the money available for its preservation.

(7) The said Board shall, as soon as possible after the end of each calendar year, make a report of their proceedings during that year to the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, and copies of the report shall be sent to the Commissioners and laid before the Church Assembly.

43.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided there shall be con-Appointment stituted a committee for every diocese, to be called the Diocesan ^i°«san Redundant Churches Uses Committee of the diocese concerned. churehesUses

(2) Paragraphs 5 to 11 of Schedule 5 to this Measure shall apply to the constitution and procedure of the said Committee.

(3) It shall be the duty of the said Committee to make every endeavour to find suitable alternative uses for redundant buildings in their diocese.

(4) A Diocesan Redundant Churches Uses Committee shall, when it has found a suitable use or suitable uses for a redundant building or has reached the conclusion that no such use will be found, make a report to the Commissioners; and the Commissioners may at any time require any such Committee to make a report to them in respect of a particular redundant building.

(5) Every Diocesan Redundant Churches Uses Committee shall make to the Commissioners not later than the 31st March in each year a report of their proceedings in the preceding calendar year.

(6) The Commissioners may, in the case of a particular redundant building, require the Diocesan Redundant Churches Uses Committee to refer the case to them, and thereupon the duty of making every endeavour to find a suitable use or

4 K

2460

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part in

Commissioners to appoint Committee with duties in respect of redundant churches.

1947 No. 2.

Appointment of Redundant Churches Fund.

suitable uses for that building shall be discharged by the Commissioners instead of the said Committee, but the Commissioners shall consult with the said Committee in discharging that duty.

(7) If it appears to the bishop at the commencement of this Measure or at any time subsequently that there are not likely to be any redundant buildings in his diocese in the near future, he may postpone the constitution of the Diocesan Redundant Churches Uses Committee for his diocese or, as the case may be, may suspend the proceedings of the Committee, until such time as it appears to him that the Committee is needed, and, in the case of a suspension, the bishop may then direct that a new Committee be constituted, whether or not the period of office of the members of the old Committee has expired during the suspension.

44. —(1) The Board of Governors of the Commissioners shall appoint a Committee of the Board, which may include persons who are not Commissioners, for the purpose of exercising on behalf of the Commissioners such functions as the Board may assign to them in relation to redundant buildings and the preparation of redundancy schemes, including functions under the last foregoing section.

(2) The Church Commissioners Measure 1947 shall apply to the Committee appointed under this section as it applies to other committees of the Board, and the Commissioners may pay a salary to one of the members of the Committee.

45. —(1) There shall be a body corporate, to be called the Redundant Churches Fund, with perpetual succession and a common seal.

(2) The Redundant Churches Fund shall consist of a chairman and not less than four nor more than six other members, and the chairman and other members shall be appointed by Her Majesty, and before any such appointment the advice of the Archbishops of Canterbury and York shall be submitted to Her Majesty through the Prime Minister and First Lord of the Treasury.

(3) Paragraphs 12 to 14 of Schedule 5 to this Measure shall apply to the constitution and procedure of the Redundant Churches Fund.

(4) The Redundant Churches Fund shall have as its object the preservation, in the interests of the nation and the Church of England, of churches and parts of churches of historic or architectural interest vested in the Fund by this Part of this Measure together with their contents so vested.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2461

(5) The Redundant Churches Fund shall have power— Part III

(a) to hold and manage all churches and parts of churches

and other property vested in the Fund by this Part of this Measure and, in particular, to carry out all necessary works of maintenance and repair in respect of that property;

(b) to permit the occasional use of property vested in the Fund for purposes considered by the Fund to be suitable;

(c) to charge entrance fees for admission to any such pro-

perty, to raise money by public subscription and appeals, and to accept gifts and bequests either for the general purposes of the Fund or on specific trusts for purposes falling within the general purposes;

(d) to administer all sums coming into its hands and to

invest as hereinafter provided any sums not immediately required for the purposes of the Fund;

(e) to appoint a secretary and such other officers and

agents as the Fund considers necessary for the proper discharge of its duties;

(/) to delegate functions to local trustees or bodies.

(6) The powers to invest any such sums as aforesaid shall be those conferred by the general law on trustees of trust funds, and shall also include power to invest in accordance with the scheme scheduled to the Church Funds Investment Measure 1958 No. 1. 1958, as if the sums were funds to which that Measure applied.

(7) The power of the Redundant Churches Fund to permit the occasional use of property vested in the Fund shall include power to permit such occasional worship in a church or part of a church vested in the Fund as may be authorised by the bishop, and the consent of the incumbent shall not be required for such occasional worship.

(8) The Redundant Churches Fund may contribute to the cost of the care and maintenance of a church or part of a church vested in a Diocesan Board of Finance under this Part of this Measure pending the making or coming into operation of arrangements under a redundancy scheme.

(9) All expenditure of the Redundant Churches Fund shall be defrayed out of the sums in its hands, and the Fund shall keep the Advisory Board and the Commissioners informed of its financial position. 10

(10) The Commissioners may make grants out of their general fund in respect of the expenditure of the Redundant Churches Fund:

4 K 2

2462

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part III Provided that the total amount of the grants made in the period of five years beginning with the date on which this Measure comes into operation or, subject to any order made under section 53 of this Measure, in any of the subsequent periods of five years (being periods each of which follows immediately after the preceding period of five years) shall not exceed two hundred thousand pounds.

(11) The Redundant Churches Fund shall, as soon as possible after the end of each calendar year, transmit a copy of its accounts for that year and a report on its proceedings during that year to the Commissioners and to the Advisory Board.

(12) The Commissioners shall transmit copies of the said accounts and report to the Secretary of State for the Home Department and the Secretary of the Church Assembly, and the Secretary of State shall lay copies thereof before both Houses of Parliament and the Secretary of the Church Assembly shall lay copies thereof before the Assembly.

Provision by pastoral scheme for appropriation or demolition of redundant church to be replaced by new church.

Redundancy provisions in pastoral schemes

46.—(1) Whereto) a new church or place of worship is to be provided to take the place of a church or churches in the area of the benefice in which the new church or place of worship is to be provided; and

(b) a pastoral scheme makes a declaration of redundancy in

respect of the church or each of the churches to be replaced; and

(c) the Advisory Board certifies that the redundant building

or all or any of the redundant buildings is or are of such small historic or architectural interest that the demolition thereof would not in their opinion be objectionable on that ground, or certifies that features of historic or architectural interest of the redundant building or all or any of the redundant buildings are proposed to be incorporated in the new church or place of worship and that the Board is satisfied with the proposal;

the pastoral scheme may make further provision in respect of the redundant building or each of the redundant buildings to which such a certificate relates—

(i) for the appropriation of the building in accordance with

section 51(l)to) or for its demolition, and for any of the matters mentioned in section 51(2) or (3) of this Measure; and

(ii) for the payment to the Commissioners of the proceeds of any sale or exchange of the building or the site

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2463

thereof, or any part of the building or site, with or Part ill

without any land annexed or belonging thereto, and the premiums on any lease or licence of the building or part thereof with or without any such land, and for the application of the net proceeds and premiums to defray the cost of providing the new church or place of worship aforesaid and, if the whole amount thereof is not required for that purpose, for the payment of two-thirds of the balance to the diocesan pastoral account and for the application by the Commissioners of the remaining one-third in accordance with section 52 of this Measure.

(2) Where a pastoral scheme makes such further provision as aforesaid, the declaration of redundancy shall not take effect until the new church or place of worship is provided, unless the Commissioners are satisfied that, if the church or any of the churches to be replaced is disposed of or demolished before such provision, a suitable building will be available in the interim period, not necessarily in the same parish, for use in place of that church.

(3) In this section "place of worship" means a building licensed by the bishop under section 29 of this Measure for public worship in accordance with the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England, being a building used wholly for the purpose of such worship and purposes ancillary thereto, or partly for those purposes and partly for other ecclesiastical purposes of the parish or purposes ancillary thereto.

47. Where a pastoral scheme makes a declaration of Other provision redundancy in respect of any church or part of a church, not by pastoral being a case to which the last foregoing section applies, and J^J2efor the Commissioners are satisfied that a suitable use or uses will redundant

be available for the redundant building when the declaration church, takes effect, the pastoral scheme may provide for the appropriation of the redundant building to the said use or uses, and may make further provision for any of the matters mentioned in section 51(2) or (4) of this Measure.

48. Except in the cases specified in the last two foregoing No other sections, and without prejudice to the provisions relating to the cases to be restoration of a redundant building to use as a church, no further deaJt ™th by provision beyond the declaration of redundancy itself shall be

made by a pastoral scheme with respect to the redundant building, but such provision shall be made by the following provisions of this Part of this Measure and schemes made and confirmed thereunder (in this Measure referred to as " redundancy schemes ").

4 K 3

2464

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part UI

Waiting

period.

1955 No. 1.

Redundancy Schemes

49.—(1) Where a declaration of redundancy is made in a case to which neither section 46 nor section 47 of this Measure applies, the redundant building shall, when the declaration takes effect, vest by virtue of this Measure, without any conveyance or other assurance, in the Diocesan Board of Finance, and the Commissioners shall not prepare a redundancy scheme in respect of the redundant building for a period of at least one year thereafter:

Provided that—

(i) if the Advisory Board certifies that the redundant

building is of such small historic or architectural interest that the demolition thereof would not in their opinion be objectionable on that ground, the Commissioners may proceed forthwith with the making * of a redundancy scheme providing for the demolition

thereof and other matters mentioned in section 51(3) of this Measure;

(ii) if the Commissioners are satisfied that a suitable use or uses will be available for the redundant building before the expiration of the said period, they may proceed forthwith with the making of a redundancy scheme providing for the appropriation of the redundant building to such use or uses and for other matters mentioned in section 51(2) of this Measure.

(2) During the period between the taking effect of a declaration of redundancy and the coming into operation of a redundancy scheme with respect to the redundant property—

(a) the Diocesan Board of Finance shall be responsible for the care and maintenance of the redundant building, so far as is reasonable in all the circumstances, and the safe keeping of its contents, whether in the building or elsewhere, and shall insure the said building and contents;

(b) the Diocesan Redundant Churches Uses Committee or,

as the case may be, the Commissioners shall make every endeavour to find a suitable use for the redundant building;

(c) while incurring no financial obligation, the incumbent

and churchwardens of the parish in which the redundant building is situated shall give the Diocesan Board of Finance every assistance in providing for reasonable supervision of the building against damage.

(3) On a declaration of redundancy taking effect, any liability of a parochial church council or rector (including a lay rector) for the repair and maintenance of the redundant building and the safe keeping of its contents shall cease, and the Inspection of

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2465

Churches Measure 1955 shall cease to apply to the redundant Part III building.

50.—(1) The Commissioners may at any time after the Procedure expiration of the period of one year mentioned in subsection (1) f^m^king of the last foregoing section or, in the cases mentioned in the j^ncy proviso to that subsection, at any time after the conditions therein mentioned are fulfilled, and shall in any case not later than three years after the declaration of redundancy takes effect, prepare a draft scheme with respect to the redundant building providing for any of the matters mentioned in the next following section:

Provided that, if negotiations in connection with any of the matters for which the redundancy scheme may provide are in progress at the end of the said period of three years, or if owing to an unforeseen change of circumstances it is not practicable to prepare the draft scheme before the end of the said period, the Commissioners may postpone the preparation thereof for such minimum further period as they find to be necessary.

(2) Before preparing any such draft scheme the Commissioners—

(a) shall consult the bishop; and

(b) if it is proposed to provide for the demolition or the

care and maintenance by the Redundant Churches Fund of the redundant building or any part thereof, or for any architectural or structural changes in the redundant building or any part thereof for the purpose of facilitating the use thereof, shall consult the Advisory Board.

(3) The Commissioners shall serve a copy of the draft scheme on the Diocesan Board of Finance, the local planning authority or authorities concerned and the Advisory Board and, if the draft scheme provides for the care and maintenance by the Redundant Churches Fund of the redundant building or any part thereof, on that Fund.

(4) The Commissioners shall also publish in one or more newspapers circulating in the locality in which the redundant building is situated a notice stating the effect of the draft scheme and naming a place or places where a copy thereof may be inspected, and stating that written representations with respect to the draft scheme may be made to the Commissioners not later than a date specified in the notice, being a date not less than twenty-eight days after the first publication of the notice in such a newspaper as aforesaid.

(5) The Commissioners shall consider any representations duly made with respect to the draft scheme and any unforeseen

4 K 4

2466

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part Ilf

Contents of redundancy Schemes.

change of circumstances affecting its implementation, and may decide not to proceed with it or to amend it or to proceed with it in its original form, and shall consult the bishop before making their decision.

(6) If the Commissioners decide to proceed with the draft scheme, they shall seal a copy thereof, with such amendments (if any) as they may have made therein, and shall thereby make the scheme, and shall submit the scheme for confirmation by Her Majesty in Council, who may confirm the scheme by Order in Council.

(7) If the Commissioners decide in accordance with subsection (5) of this section not to proceed with a draft scheme, or to withdraw a scheme owing to an unforeseen change of circumstances before it has been confirmed by Order in Council, they shall as soon as possible prepare a new draft scheme, and subsections (2) to (6) of this section shall apply thereto.

(8) Sections 9 and 10 of this Measure shall apply, with the necessary modifications, to schemes made and confirmed under this section as they apply to pastoral schemes, and the notice required by section 9 to be published in the London Gazette shall, in the case of a scheme under this section, also be published in a newspaper circulating in the locality.

51.—(1) A redundancy scheme shall make the following provision for the redundant building, that is to say:—

(a) if a use or uses appearing to the Commissioners to be

suitable have been found for the redundant building or any part thereof, the scheme may provide for appropriating the building or part to such use or uses, which shall be specified or generally described in the scheme;

(b) if such use or uses cannot be found for the building

or a part thereof and it appears to the Commissioners, after consultation with the Advisory Board, that the building or part is of such historic or architectural interest that it ought to be preserved in the interests of the nation and the Church of England, the scheme may provide for its care and maintenance by the Redundant Churches Fund;

(c) if the building or any part thereof is not appropriated

or provided for under the foregoing paragraphs, the scheme shall provide for its demolition.

(2) Where a redundancy scheme provides for the appropriation of the redundant building or any part thereof to a use or uses specified or described in the scheme, the scheme may also provide—

(a) for appropriating the whole or any part of the land annexed or belonging to the redundant building oi

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2467

the church of which it forms part, to a use or uses so Part 111 specified or described;

(b) for empowering the Diocesan Board of Finance them-

selves to use or hold the property concerned for the use or uses so specified or described or to let or license the property for such use or uses as aforesaid, or partly one and partly the other;

(c) for empowering the Commissioners, subject to any

conditions prescribed by the scheme, to sell, give or exchange the property concerned or any part of it for such use or uses as aforesaid.

(3) Where a redundancy scheme provides for the demolition of the redundant building or any part thereof, it may also provide—

(a) for the sale, gift, exchange or lease by the Commissioners of the site or part of the site of the demolished building or part of the building, with or without the whole or any part of the land annexed or belonging to the building or to the church of which it forms part;

(b) for the disposal of the materials arising from the demolition;

(c) for specifying the use or uses for which any land sold, given, exchanged or let by the Commissioners as aforesaid is to be used, or allowing it to be used without limitation;

(d) for appropriating the said site or any part thereof for

use as part of the churchyard or burial ground or for other ecclesiastical purposes of the parish.

(4) The proceeds of any sale or exchange under either of the two last foregoing subsections and the premiums on any lease or licence thereunder shall be paid to the Commissioners, who, subject to any order made under section 53 of this Measure, shall pay two-thirds of the net proceeds and net premiums to the diocesan pastoral account and shall apply the remaining one-third in accordance with section 52 of this Measure, and the net rent payable under any such lease or licence shall be paid into the said account.

(5) In negotiating the sale or other disposal of any property under subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section, the Commissioners shall consult with the Diocesan Board of Finance, and shall have regard to their views.

(6) Where a redundancy scheme makes provision for any land which has been used for burials, that provision shall have

effect notwithstanding section 3 of the Disused Burial Grounds 1884 c. 72.

4 K*

2468

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part in Act 1884 (which prohibits the erection of buildings upon disused burial grounds), if one or other of the following conditions is satisfied, namely—

(a) that no person has been buried in any of the land

during the period of 50 years immediately before the making of the scheme; or

(b) that no relative or personal representative of a deceased person buried in the land during that period has objected to the draft scheme, or all such objections have been withdrawn;

and the said section shall otherwise apply.

(7) Where a redundancy scheme provides for the care and maintenance of the redundant building or any part thereof by the Redundant Churches Fund, the scheme may also provide for the care and maintenance by the Fund of the whole or any part of the land annexed or belonging to the building or the church of which the building is part, and may so provide notwithstanding that the land is or has been used for burials.

(8) For the purposes of this section and sections 46 and 47 of this Measure, and without prejudice to the generality of the provisions thereof, the use of a building or part of a building for such special or occasional religious worship as may be authorised by the bishop, or its use as a place of religious worship for a university, college, school or other institution, or its use for religious worship by any Church other than the Church of England, shall be a use to which a redundant building or a part thereof may be appropriated by a pastoral or redundancy scheme, and the consent of the incumbent of the benefice in the area of which the building is situated shall not be required for any such use.

(9) Section 39 of this Measure shall apply to redundancy schemes in like manner as it applies to pastoral schemes, with the omission of the reference to the bishop or bishops concerned.

Application of remainder of proceeds of sales and other disposals.

52.—(1) The Commissioners shall apply the moneys comprised in the remaining one-third of the net proceeds and net premiums, or the balance thereof, mentioned in section 46(1) and section 51(4) of this Measure in the following manner:—

(a) the said moneys up to a total in any five-year period

of one hundred thousand pounds, or such figure as may be substituted therefor by an order under section 53(l)(c) of this Measure, shall be paid to the Redundant Churches Fund;

(b) so far as the said moneys exceed that total in any five-

year period, but subject to any order made under section 53(1)(</) of this Measure, they shall from time

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2469

to time be allocated to the diocesan pastoral accounts Part ni of such dioceses, in such amounts, as the Commissioners may determine, giving preference to the

dioceses which have received and are likely to receive less by way of payments under the said sections 46(1) and 51(4) of this Measure than other dioceses.

(2) In this section and the next following section the expression ‘five-year period* means the period of five years beginning with the date on which this Measure comes into operation and any subsequent periods of five years, being periods each of which follows immediately after the preceding period of five years.

53.—(1) The Commissioners may by order— Orders of

(a) vary the figure of two hundred thousand pounds ^?^ssioners

specified in the proviso to section 45(10) of this payments to

Measure; Redundant

(b) vary the proportions of two-thirds and one-third Sjjj?168

specified in section 46(1) and section 51(4) of thisr Measure;

(c) vary the figure of one hundred thousand pounds

specified in the last foregoing section;

(d) direct the payment to the Redundant Churches Fund

out of the moneys mentioned in that section of sums additional to the said figure or, as the case may be, to the said figure as varied:

Provided that no such order, except an order under paragraph (d), shall be made in respect of the first five-year period.

(2) An order made under subsection (l)(u), (c) or id) of this section may apply to the five-year period current at the time when the order comes into operation and, when an order has been made under subsection (1)W), the Commissioners shall retain the moneys mentioned in the last foregoing section pending the final decision whether or not the order is to have effect, and shall then allocate them accordingly-

(3) An order made under subsection (1 of this section shall apply to all transactions completed after the date on which the order comes into operation, except such transactions (if any) as may be specified in the order.

(4) Every order made under this section shall be laid before the Church Assembly and shall not come into operation unless and until it has been approved by the Church Assembly.

(5) The Statutory Instruments Act 1946 shall apply to any 1946 c. 36. order approved by the Church Assembly under the last foregoing subsection as if it were a statutory instrument and were

4 K* 2

2470

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

1>ART HI

Redundancy schemes in respect of churches closed

or demolished otherwise than under this Measure.

Schemes under Charities Act 1960 for redundant chapels belonging to charities.

1960 c. 58.

made when so approved, and as if this Measure were an Act providing that any such order should be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

54. —(1) Where the bishop of a diocese certifies that at the commencement of this Measure a church in his diocese has not been used for divine service for at least five years, and the incumbent (if any), the patron and the parochial church council of the parish in which the church is situated give their consent, the Commissioners may make an order declaring the church to be redundant and thereupon this Part of this Measure shall apply as if the said declaration were a declaration of redundancy made by a pastoral scheme.

(2) Where any church or part of a church has been demolished before the commencement of this Measure, or is subsequently demolished, otherwise than under this Part of this Measure or under a scheme made under any Act or Measure repealed by this Measure, a redundancy scheme providing for all or any of the matters mentioned in section 51(3) of this Measure may at any time after the commencement of this Measure or, as the case may be, after the demolition, be prepared, made and confirmed in accordance with subsections (2) to (6) of section 50 of this Measure, and subsection (8) shall apply thereto.

55. —(1) The power of the court (as defined by the Charities Act 1960) to make schemes under its jurisdiction with respect to charities, and the power of the Charity Commissioners to make schemes under the said Act, shall extend to the making of schemes with respect to consecrated chapels belonging to charities which are no longer needed for the purposes of the charity, and section 45(2) (b) of the said Act shall not be taken as preventing the making of any such scheme.

(2) Where a scheme is made under this section, the bishop may, if he thinks it proper to do so. by order under his seal direct that section 61(1) of this Measure and section 65 of this Measure, if applicable, shall apply to the chapel as they apply to the buildings mentioned in those sections, and those sections shall thereupon apply accordingly, and the scheme, so far as it relates to the chapel, shall not have effect unless and until such an order is made, or the bishop directs that the scheme may have effect without such an order.

(3) A scheme made under this section may provide—

(a) for the demolition of the chapel and the disposal of the

materials arising from the demolition;

(b) for the sale or other disposal of the chapel or site

thereof and the application of the proceeds;

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2471

(c) for the appropriation of the chapel to such uses as may

be specified or generally described in the scheme;

(d) for matters supplementary or incidental to the matters

aforesaid.

(4) For the purposes of this section a consecrated chapel held on charitable trusts for the purpose of religious worship by the beneficiaries and staff of a charity and not by the general public shall be deemed to belong to that charity, notwithstanding that the trusts on which the chapel is held are separate from those of the charity, but save as aforesaid this section shall not apply to a chapel held on separate trusts relating to the use thereof for religious worship.

(5) The last foregoing section shall not apply to any consecrated chapel belonging to a charity.

56.—(1) It shall not be lawful, after the commencement of this Measure, to make any order or give any direction for closing a church on the ground that it is no longer required for use as a church, and the only procedure for closing a church on that ground shall be by way of a declaration of redundancy or the exercise of powers under the last foregoing section.

(2) It shall not be lawful, after the commencement of this Measure, to sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any church or part of a church or the site or part of the site of any church or any consecrated land belonging or annexed to a church except in pursuance of powers under this Part of this Measure or section 30 of this Measure.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not—

(i a)prevent the grant of a faculty authorising a suitable use of part of a church or the grant of any faculty in respect of any such land as aforesaid; or

(b) affect any powers under any Act of Parliament.

(4) Where any church other than a church which has been declared redundant is purchased compulsorily or is purchased by agreement under an enactment conferring powers of compulsory purchase, then for the purposes of any enactment applying to the disposal of sums paid to the Commissioners in respect of the purchase of the church or any land annexed or belonging thereto, or in respect of compensation for damage to other ecclesiastical property arising in connection with the purchase, the provisions of this Part of this Measure relating to the disposal of the proceeds of sale of a redundant building or any land annexed or belonging to a redundant church shall be deemed not to be applicable.

4 K* 3

Part III

Churches not to be closed or disposed of otherwise than under this Measure.

2472

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part III Amendment and revocation of redundancy schemes and

redundancy provisions in pastoral schemes

Amendment 57.—(1) A redundancy scheme, and such provisions of a

of redundancy pastoral scheme as are made by virtue of section 46 or section proWsiot^ 47 of this Measure, may be amended by a subsequent redundancy scheme prepared, made and confirmed in accordance with subsections (2) to (6) of section 50 of this Measure, and subsection (8) shall apply thereto.

(2) An amending redundancy scheme may revoke all or any provisions of the previous redundancy scheme or, as the case may be, any such provisions of a pastoral scheme, and may substitute or add other provisions providing for any of the matters mentioned in section 51 of this Measure, so far as applicable, and may contain such transitional provisions as appear to the Commissioners to be necessary or expedient in consequence of the changes made by the amending scheme.

(3) A redundancy scheme or any provision thereof, and any such provision of a pastoral scheme, may be amended or revoked under this section before it comes into operation.

Restoration 58. A pastoral scheme may provide that a redundant building of redundant which is vested in the Redundant Churches Fund or the use as!a ch ch diocesan Board of Finance or the Commissioners, shall be building. " restored to use as a church or part of a church, and may further provide:—

(a) for designating the church as a parish church or chapel

of ease;

(b) for vesting the building, with or without any land

vested as aforesaid with the building, in the incumbent of the benefice in the area of which it is situated, or in such other person as may be specified in the scheme;

(c) for such transitional, supplementary or consequential

matters as appear to the Commissioners to be necessary or expedient;

(d) for revoking the declaration of redundancy and revok-

ing or amending any provisions, whether in a pastoral scheme or redundancy scheme, made under this Part of this Measure in relation to the redundant building.

Vesting of property and other supplementary provisions

Vesting of 59.—(1) Where a redundancy scheme or a pastoral scheme

property. to which section 46 of this Measure applies provides for the demolition of the redundant building or any part thereof, the building or part thereof and any land which under the scheme is to be sold, given, exchanged or let with the site of the demolished building or part thereof shall by virtue of this

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2473

Measure, without any conveyance or other assurance, vest in the Commissioners on the date when the relevant provisions of the scheme come into operation.

(2) Where a redundancy scheme or a pastoral scheme to which section 46 or section 47 of this Measure applies provides for empowering the Commissioners to sell, give or exchange the redundant building or any part thereof or any land annexed or belonging to the building or the church of which it forms part for a use or uses so specified, the building or part thereof or land shall vest in the Commissioners as aforesaid on the date when die relevant provisions of the scheme come into operation.

(3) Where a redundancy scheme or a pastoral scheme to which the said section 46 or section 47 applies provides for the use, holding, letting or licensing by the Diocesan Board of Finance of the redundant building or any part thereof or any land annexed or belonging to the building or the church of which it forms part for a use or uses specified or described in the scheme, and the building or part thereof or land is not, on the date when the relevant provisions of the scheme come into operation, vested in the said Board, it shall by virtue of this Measure, without any conveyance or other assurance, vest in the said Board on the said date.

(4) Where a redundancy scheme or a pastoral scheme to which either of the said sections applies provides for appropriating any land to use as part of a churchyard or burial ground, the land shall, on the date when the relevant provisions of the scheme come into operation, vest by virtue of this Measure, without any conveyance or other assurance, in the person in whom the churchyard or burial ground is vested.

(5) Where a redundancy scheme provides for the care and maintenance by the Redundant Churches Fund of a redundant building or any part thereof or any land annexed or belonging to the building or the church of which it forms part, the building or part thereof or land shall by virtue of this Measure, without any conveyance or other assurance, vest in the said Fund.

(6) Any property vesting under this section or under section 49(1) of this Measure shall vest free of any trust or burial rights:

Provided that any person entitled to burial rights may claim compensation in respect of the loss thereof, and any such claim in default of agreement shall be referred to and determined by the consistory court of the diocese, subject to an appeal to the Dean of the Arches and Auditor, and the amount of any compensation awarded shall be paid by the Diocesan Board of Finance and the payment shall be treated as money expended on the property for the purpose of furthering the disposal or use thereof

4 K* 4

Part III

2474

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part m

Rights of way.

Removal of legal effects of consecration of buildings and land.

(7) The body in whom any property vests as aforesaid shall be deemed to have an interest, for the purposes of faculty proceedings, in any other property so vested or any property formerly annexed or belonging to or held with property so vested.

60. —(1) Where any land annexed or belonging to a church the whole or part of which is a redundant building does not vest by virtue of this Measure in the Diocesan Board of Finance, the Commissioners or the Redundant Churches Fund, the redundancy scheme or (in a case to which section 46 or section 47 of this Measure applies) the pastoral scheme may provide for conferring on any of the said bodies in whom the building or site of the building or any part of the building or site or any other land annexed or belonging to the church vests as aforesaid, such rights of way over the land not so vesting as appear to the Commissioners to be necessary—

(a) to enable any property so vesting to be used for a use or uses specified or described in the redundancy scheme or pastoral scheme, or to facilitate such use;

(b) to enable any property so vesting which is to be sold,

given, exchanged or let by the Commissioners (otherwise than for such use as aforesaid), to be used for such purposes as appear to the Commissioners to be reasonable, or to facilitate such use; or

(c) to enable the Redundant Churches Fund to perform its functions with respect to any property so vesting in the Fund, including the giving of reasonable access to members of the public.

(2) Where rights of way over land adjoining or adjacent to a church to which or a part of which a declaration of redundancy relates were, before the declaration took effect, enjoyed by persons attending the church, and the redundancy scheme provides for vesting the church or part thereof in the Redundant Churches Fund, the said rights of way shall be enjoyed by the Fund so far as necessary for the performance of its functions and by members of the public for the purpose of visiting the church.

61. —(1) Where any consecrated building or part of a building or land is vested in the Commissioners under section 59 of this Measure or is appropriated to a use or uses specified or described in a redundancy scheme or a pastoral scheme to which section 46 or section 47 of this Measure applies, then, unless the scheme otherwise provides,—

(a) the building or part of a building or land shall not be subject to the legal effects of consecration; and

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2475

(b) in particular, the jurisdiction of any court or person Part III with respect to the granting of faculties shall cease to extend to the building or part of a building or land.

(2) Where any consecrated building or part of a building or land is vested in the Redundant Churches Fund under the said section 59, the said jurisdiction shall cease to extend thereto, and accordingly any works or alterations may be carried out in or in relation to the building or part of a building or land without the need for a faculty, but save as aforesaid it shall continue to be subject to the legal effects of consecration.

(3) This section shall not apply to land appropriated to use as part of a churchyard or burial ground or to a building or part of a building appropriated to use for religious worship in accordance with the rites of the Church of England, and if any building or part of a building or land to which this section applies is subsequently restored to its former use or as appropriated to another use for which consecration would be required, this section shall cease to apply thereto.

62. Without prejudice to any restriction or requirement in a Power to redundancy scheme or a pastoral scheme to which section 46 imP°se and or section 47 of this Measure applies, the Commissioners or covenants, the Diocesan Board of Finance may, in exercising their powers

under this Part of this Measure to sell, give, exchange or let or, as the case may be, to let or license any building or land, include in the conveyance, lease or other instrument such covenants imposing conditions and requirements as to the use of the building or land concerned as the Commissioners or Board think necessary or expedient to give effect to the provisions of the scheme or otherwise to secure the suitable use of the building or land; and. in a case where the land is sold, given or exchanged, any such covenants shall be enforceable as if the Commissioners or Board were the owners of adjacent land and the covenants were expressed to be entered into for the benefit of that adjacent land, and in the case of covenants of a positive character as if they were negative.

63. —(1) If and so long as a redundant building or part Trusts for the

thereof— repair etc. of

(a) is vested in the Diocesan Board of Finance pending the bSlSn^and making of a redundancy scheme; or contents.

(b) is vested in the Redundant Churches Fund in pursuance of a redundancy scheme; or

(c) is vested in the Commissioners or the said Board for a

use or uses specified or described in a pastoral scheme or redundancy scheme;

2476

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part III any property of a charity the purposes of which include the repair and maintenance of the building or the provision or maintenance of ornaments or other contents of the building shall continue to be applicable for that purpose:

Provided that—

(i) in the case mentioned in paragraph (c)t it shall only be

so applicable if the scheme so provides;

(ii) if the redundant building consists of part of a church

or only part of the redundant building is vested as aforesaid, it shall only be so applicable if and to the extent that the scheme so provides.

(2) Nothing in the foregoing subsection shall affect the powers to make schemes in respect of any such charity under the

1960 c. 58. Charities Act 1960, and paragraph 11(5) of Schedule 3 to this Measure shall apply to charities affected by a redundancy scheme as it applies to charities affected by a pastoral scheme or order.

(3) Where the purposes of a charity include the giving of sermons or lectures in any church and, by reason of a declaration of redundancy relating to the church or a part thereof, the sermons or lectures cannot be given in that church, they shall be given in the parish church of the parish in which the first-mentioned church is situated, or in such other church as the bishop may direct in an instrument under seal with the approval of the Charity Commissioners given under the hand of an Assistant Commissioner.

Disposal 64.—(1) Before any church or part of a church is demolished

of font, in pursuance of a redundancy scheme or pastoral scheme, or is communion appropriated to any use specified or described in such a scheme, platc^and the body in whom the church is vested shall transfer the font, other contents, communion table and plate used for the purpose of Holy Communion to some other church in the area of the benefice in which the first-mentioned church is situated, or, if the font, communion table or plate is not needed for any such other church, to any church or chapel in the diocese directed by the bishop:

Provided that the scheme may make other provision with respect to the font, communion table and plate, and may exclude this subsection where part of the church remains in use as a church.

(2) In a case to which the foregoing subsection applies, the scheme may also make provision with respect to the disposal of any other contents of the church, not being tombstones, monuments or memorials commemorating deceased persons buried in the church or in any land belonging or annexed thereto.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2477

(3) Where a redundancy scheme provides for the care and Part III maintenance of a church or part of a church by the Redundant Churches Fund, the scheme may also provide for the vesting in

and the care and maintenance by the Fund of any of the contents of the church or provide for the disposal of any of the contents not being such tombstones, monuments or memorials as aforesaid.

(4) No faculty shall be required for anything done in pursuance of this section.

65.—(1) Where any human remains are believed to be Disposal buried in or beneath a redundant building or in any land to of human which a redundancy scheme applies, the body or person in reimuns* whom the property is vested or to whom it is leased or licensed shall not, subject as hereinafter provided, demolish, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of it or any part of it, or appropriate it or any part of it to any use, or carry out any development of it or any part of it, unless the human remains have been removed and reinterred or cremated and any tombstones, monuments or memorials commemorating the deceased persons have been disposed of in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 6 to this Measure, and the other requirements of that Schedule have been complied with in respect thereof.

(2) The requirements of the foregoing subsection and of Schedule 6 to this Measure shall not apply: —

(a) to a redundant building the whole of which is appro-

priated, without any structural alteration, to use as a place of religious worship for a university, college, school or other institution, or for religious worship by a Church other than the Church of England, so long as it remains so appropriated without any structural alteration;

(b) to any land which remains annexed or belonging to a redundant building appropriated as aforesaid;

(c) to any land appropriated to use as part of a churchyard

or burial ground and vested under section 59(4) of this Measure in the person in whom the churchyard or burial ground is vested.

(3) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that the demolition of a redundant building or part thereof, or the intended use or development of any property to which a redundancy scheme applies or any part of such property, will not involve the disturbance of human remains, he may, after consultation with the bishop, by order provide for dispensing with the requirements (so far as they concern human remains) of subsection (1) of this section and of Schedule 6 to this Measure in

2478

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part in relation to such demolition of the building or part thereof, or such use or development of the property or part thereof, as may be prescribed by or under the order, subject to such conditions, restrictions and requirements as may be so prescribed, and in relation to any sale, lease or other disposal of the property for the purpose of such demolition, use or development as aforesaid.

(4) Any order made under the last foregoing subsection may be amended by a subsequent order made in like manner and subject to the like conditions, and, if at any time the requirements of subsection (1) of this section and of the said Schedule 6 are complied with in respect of the property, the order shall cease to have effect.

(5) Where an order is made under this section in respect of any property, a copy thereof, certified by or on behalf of the Secretary of State to be a true copy, shall be deposited with the clerk of the council of the county borough or county district in which the property is situated, and any such copy shall be registered in the register of local land charges, in such manner as may be prescribed by rules made for the purposes of this

1925 c. 22, section under subsection (6) of section 15 of the Land Charges Act 1925, by the proper officer of the council of the county borough or county district.

The references in this subsection to the council of the county borough or county district shall, in the case of property situated in the City of London or a London borough, be construed as references to the Common Council or the London borough council, as the case may be.

(6) Where, by virtue of any such order, human remains are not removed and reinterred or cremated, the requirements of subsection (1) of this section and of Schedule 6 to this Measure, so far as they relate to the disposal of tombstones, monuments and memorials, shall none the less apply.

(7) Where there is situated in any redundant building or part of a redundant building or any land to which a redundancy scheme applies any monument or memorial commemorating a deceased person whose remains are not buried in the building or part thereof or land, the body or person in whom the building or part thereof or land is vested or to whom it is leased or licensed shall not demolish, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of it or appropriate it to any use or carry out any development thereof, unless the monument or memorial has been disposed of in such manner as the bishop after consultation with the Diocesan Advisory Committee for the Care of Churches has directed, or the bishop has after such consultation dispensed with this requirement.

(8) No faculty shall be required for anything done in pursuance of this section or Schedule 6 to this Measure.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2479

(9) In this section any reference to a redundancy scheme Part III shall include a reference to the provisions of a pastoral scheme providing for the matters referred to in section 30, section 46 or section 47 of this Measure.

Preservation of redundant churches by Minister of Public Building and Works

66.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in this Part of this Measure, churches to

(a) where a redundant building or any part thereof is vested Minister of

in the Diocesan Board of Finance, whether in pursuance Building of a pastoral scheme or a redundancy scheme or and works, pending the making of a redundancy scheme, the Board may, with the approval of the bishop and the Commissioners, enter into an agreement with the Minister of Public Building and Works for the acquisition and preservation by the Minister, whether in pursuance of existing statutory provisions or further provisions enacted after the passing of this Measure, of the building or part with or without other land so vested in the Board;

(b) where a redundant building or any part thereof is vested

in the Redundant Churches Fund in pursuance of a redundancy scheme, the Fund may enter into such an agreement as aforesaid for the acquisition and preservation by the Minister of the building or part with or without other land so vested;

and on such acquisition this Part of this Measure, except so far as it is applied by the next two following subsections, and any redundancy scheme made with respect to die redundant building, or any provision of a pastoral scheme so made by virtue of section 46 or section 47 of this Measure, shall cease to apply to the property acquired.

(2) Where a redundant building or part thereof is acquired as aforesaid,—

(a) any rights of way conferred under section 60(1) of this

Measure or enjoyed under section 60(2) shall vest in the Minister or be enjoyed by him for the performance of his functions in relation to the property or for giving reasonable access to the public;

(b) sections 59(6), 61(2) and 63(1) of this Measure shall

apply as they apply to buildings or parts of buildings and land vested in the Redundant Churches Fund;

(c) section 65(1) of this Measure shall not apply to the dis-

posal to die Minister.

2480

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part in (3) A pastoral scheme may make provision under section 58 of this Measure, with the consent of the said Minister, for restoring to use as a church or part of a church any redundant building or part thereof acquired by the Minister under this section, and for any of the other matters specified in the said section 58, and that section shall accordingly apply to any such building or part and to any land acquired by the Minister therewith in like manner as it applies to a redundant building vested in the Redundant Churches Fund and land so vested therewith.

(4) Where a redundant building or any part thereof is acquired by the Minister under this section, or an agreement for such acquisition has been made, and any land previously annexed or belonging to the building is vested in the incumbent of the benefice in the area of which the building is situated, the incumbent may, with the approval of the bishop and the Commissioners, enter into an agreement with the Minister for the acquisition of the land by the Minister and for its maintenance with the building or part.

(5) An agreement under this section may provide for the acquisition and preservation by the said Minister of any of the contents of the redundant building or part thereof, and on such acquisition section 63(1) shall apply to the said contents as they apply to the contents of a building or part thereof vested in the Redundant Churches Fund, but save as aforesaid this Part of this Measure and any redundancy or pastoral scheme relating to the contents shall cease to apply to the contents so acquired.

Part IV

Miscellaneous, Administrative and General

Restrictions on Presentation

Suspension of presentation for period not exceeding five years.

67.—(1) Where a benefice is vacant or is shortly to become vacant, the bishop may, subject to the following provisions of this Measure, with the consent of the Pastoral Committee, and after consultation with the patron of the benefice (unless the bishop is himself the patron or the patron’s rights have lapsed) and with the parochial church council of the parish or each of the parishes concerned, give notice that during such period not exceeding five years as may be specified in the notice (hereafter in this Measure referred to as the "suspension period "), the patron shall not exercise his right of presentation without the consent of the Pastoral Committee and (if he is not the patron) of the bishop; and thereupon the said right shall only be exercised in accordance with the notice during the suspension period.

(2) The power conferred by the foregoing subsection may be exercised in relation to any benefice at any time within three

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2481

months before the benefice is due to become vacant or at any Part IV time during the vacancy.

(3) The suspension period shall come to an end before the date on which it would otherwise expire, in any of the following

circumstances: —

(a) if notice is given by the bishop that the necessary

consent or consents have been given to the exercise of the patron’s right of presentation;

(b) if notice is given by the bishop with the consent of

the Pastoral Committee, terminating the said period; or

(c) if a pastoral scheme or order provides for the holding

of the benefice in plurality with another benefice or other benefices, or a pastoral scheme otherwise affecting the benefice expressly provides for the termination of the said period;

and the termination shall, in the cases mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b) hereof, take effect on such day, not being less than fourteen days after the date of the notice, as may be specified therein, and, in the cases mentioned in paragraph (c) hereof, shall take effect when the relevant provisions of the pastoral scheme or order come into operation.

(4) The bishop may, before the expiration of a suspension period, by a further notice, given with the same consent and after the same consultation as were required for the original notice given under subsection (1) hereof, extend the period for a further period not exceeding five years; and the said power may be exercised from time to time before the expiration of any extension of a suspension period.

(5) A notice given by the bishop under this section shall be given to—

(a) the Commissioners,

(b) the patron of the benefice (unless the bishop is the

patron),

(c) the churchwardens of the parish or each of the parishes

concerned, and

(i d)if sequestrators have been appointed under the next following section, the sequestrators;

and a copy of the notice shall be filed in the diocesan registry.

(6) The churchwardens to whom any such notice as aforesaid is given shall forthwith cause it to be affixed at or near to the door of a parish church or, if there is no parish church, of the principal place of worship in the parish.

2482

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part IV

Sequestration of profits during suspension period.

Restrictions on presentation pending the making of pastoral schemes and orders.

68. —(1) Where the bishop has declared a suspension period in respect of any benefice under the last foregoing section, he shall during that period sequester the profits of the benefice, and in appointing the sequestrators shall ensure that one of the persons appointed is specially qualified by training or by experience to discharge efficiently the duties of the office.

(2) The sequestrators appointed under this section in respect of any benefice shall, subject to and in accordance with the directions of the bishop, make provision for the performance during the suspension period of the ecclesiastical duties of the benefice, and before giving any such directions the bishop shall consult the parochial church council of the parish or each of the parishes concerned and, so far as is reasonably practicable, the patron of the benefice (if he is not himself the patron).

(3) Where the bishop appoints a curate-in-charge for any benefice to which a suspension period applies, the bishop may require the curate to reside in the parsonage house of the benefice.

(4) The provisions of Schedule 7 to this Measure shall have effect with respect to the management of the benefice property and the application of the profits thereof during any suspension period.

69. —(1) Where any proposals submitted under section 3(6) or section 13(1) of this Measure contain recommendations for any of the matters specified in sections 16 and 17 and 19 to 21 of this Measure, and any benefice which would be affected if the recommendations were implemented becomes vacant after the date on which the patron thereof is sent a copy of the proposals, the patron shall not be entitled after the occurrence of the vacancy to exercise his right of presentation to the benefice without the consent of the Pastoral Committee and (unless the bishop is the patron) of the bishop, until the occurrence of whichever of the following first occurs, namely,—

(a) the relevant recommendations are implemented by a pastoral scheme or order and come into operation, in which case the right of presentation shall be subject to the provisions of the scheme or order; or

(b) the proposals are withdrawn or the draft scheme or order prepared in pursuance thereof is withdrawn, or the scheme made in pursuance thereof is disallowed or withdrawn; or

(c) the relevant recommendations are omitted from the pro-

posals, draft scheme or order, or scheme; or

(d) the period of three years from the date aforesaid expires.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2483

(2) Where the bishop has given directions to the Pastoral Part IV Committee under section 2(1) of this Measure to consider, in relation to any benefices, any of the matters specified in sections

16 and 17 and 19 to 21 of this Measure, he may, when giving notice under section 1 of the Benefices (Exercise of Rights of 1931 No. 3. Presentation) Measure 1931 of a vacancy or impending vacancy in any of those benefices, also notify the patron (unless he himself is the patron) and the parochial church council that those matters are being considered, and thereupon the patron shall not be entitled to exercise his right of presentation to that benefice without such consent or consents as are specified in subsection (1) hereof.

(3) A restriction imposed by the last foregoing subsection shall cease to operate at the expiration of one year from the date of the said notice unless within that period proposals are submitted under section 3(6) or section 13(1) of this Measure containing recommendations for any of the matters specified as aforesaid which would affect the benefice concerned, in which case the restriction shall continue until the occurrence of whichever of the following first occurs, that is to say, the several events mentioned in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of subsection (1) of this section and the expiration of three years from the date of the said notice.

(4) The fact that restrictions are in force under this section with respect to any benefice shall not be taken as preventing the bishop from exercising his powers under sections 67 and 68 of this Measure with respect to the benefice, and, if he does so, those sections and Schedule 7 to this Measure shall apply to the benefice in lieu of this section.

(5) Where the profits of a benefice with respect to which restrictions are in force under this section are sequestrated, the bishop may exercise the power conferred by paragraph 2 of Schedule 7 to this Measure of authorising a lease or tenancy of the parsonage house, and that paragraph shall apply accordingly.

70. Where the profits of a benefice are being sequestrated Profits in otherwise than under section 68 of this Measure, and the benefice hands of

is dissolved by a pastoral scheme, the bishop may, subject to ^diwolution the provisions of the scheme, give directions as to the disposal Qf benefice, of the balance in the hands of the sequestrators, and any such directions shall have effect notwithstanding anything in the Tithe 1536 c. 11. Act 1536.

71. Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Savings in Measure shall affect the right of a patron of a benefice to re®P*?t 9*. exercise, while the benefice is vacant by virtue of those Pr°- ^MtrorS1 visions, any right of presentation vested in the incumbent of the benefice.

2484

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part IV

Savings in respect of lapse etc.

1931 No. 3.

Suspension of new rights of patronage.

Dispensation and directions of bishop as to services.

1965 No. 3.

Induction and declaration of assent to be in one parish church only.

1865 c. 122.

72. —(1) A suspension period or a period during which the exercise of rights of patronage is restricted under section 69 of this Measure shall not be reckoned for purposes of lapse or for the purpose of computing any period within which any act is required or authorised to be done by the Benefices (Exercise of Rights of Presentation) Measure 1931.

(2) This section shall bind the Crown.

73. Where any proposals approved under section 3(6) of this Measure contain recommendations for the creation of a new benefice for a new parish, and any church in the area which is to form the new parish is consecrated after the proposals are so approved but before any of the events mentioned in section 69(1) of this Measure have occurred in relation to those recommendations, no person shall become the patron of that church by virtue of any rule of law or any provision of or instrument under any Act or Measure other than this Measure during the period between the said approval of the recommendations and such one of the said events as first occurs.

Miscellaneous provisions as to church services and churches

74. —(1) The power of the bishop under section 2 of the Prayer Book (Miscellaneous Provisions) Measure 1965 to dispense with the reading of Morning or Evening Prayer in accordance with that section shall not be used so as to cause any church to cease altogether to be used for public worship.

(2) The said power shall extend to any parish centre of worship designated under section 29(2) of this Measure.

(3) It shall be lawful for the bishop to direct what services shall be held or shall not be required to be held in any church which is not a parish church or in any building or part of a building licensed for public worship under section 29 of this Measure but not designated as a parish centre of worship.

75. —(1) Where, in a case not falling within paragraph 4(2)(a) of Schedule 3 to this Measure, any person is appointed an incumbent of a benefice in the area of which two or more parish churches are situated, the bishop may direct in which parish church the incumbent is to be inducted, and after such induction he shall be deemed to have been inducted in both or all of the parish churches situated in the area of that benefice and to have been admitted to that benefice, and no further fees in respect thereof shall be payable.

(2) Any incumbent of any such benefice as aforesaid shall be deemed to have complied with section 7 of the Clerical

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2485

Subscription Act 1865 (which requires every person admitted Part rv to a benefice to read and declare his assent to the Thirty-nine Articles of Religion in the church of the benefice), upon his reading the said Articles and making such declaration in accordance with the said section in any one parish church in the area of the benefice.

76.—(1) Where the Diocesan Board of Finance or any other Grant of land body constituted for the holding on trust of diocesan property for new holds any buildings or land for the general purposes of the and^StinR0 Board or for any ecclesiastical purposes of the Church of of certain8 England, the Board or other body may, without the sanction churches, of an order of the Charity Commissioners or the Court, grant the buildings or land to the Church Commissioners under section 14 of the New Parishes Measure 1943 for any of the purposes 1943 No. 1. mentioned in section 13 of the said Measure, being purposes falling within the purposes for which the land is held prior to the grant.

(2) It is hereby declared for the removal of doubt that the powers conferred by the said section 14 extend to the grant by the incumbent of a benefice of any glebe land or glebe house or any part of the land held with the parsonage, but no such grant shall be made without the consent of the Diocesan Dilapidations Board.

(3) Where any church or churchyard in a parish is vested at the commencement of this Measure in the incumbent of another parish as such, it shall, by virtue of this Measure, vest in the incumbent of the parish in which the church or churchyard is situated.

Administrative provisions

77.—(1) The Commissioners shall open and hold an account Establishment

for each diocese to be called the Diocesan Pastoral Account of 9ioc*san

Pastoral

and shall transfer thereto—

Accounts and

(a) the amounts standing to the credit or debit of that closure of

diocese in the Expenses Fund set up under section 32 previous of the Union of Benefices Measure 1923 and the Diocesan Reorganisation Fund set up under section Funds. & 100 33 of the Reorganisation Areas Measure 1944;

(b) such share as the Commissioners determine to be fair

and reasonable of the moneys standing to the credit of the General Reorganisation Fund set up under the said section 33 and the fund set up under section 22 of the Union of Benefices Act 1860; and

1923 No. 2. 1944 No. 1.

1860 c. 142.

(c) any moneys which are payable to the said account under any provisions of this Measure or any scheme or order made thereunder.

2486

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part IV (2) All the funds mentioned in the foregoing subsection shall be closed and—

(a) any moneys which but for this Measure would have

been paid into any such fund shall be applied and treated in like manner as moneys standing to the credit of that fund or, as the case may be, to the credit of the appropriate diocese in that fund at the commencement of this Measure; and

(b) any moneys which would have been payable to any person out of any such fund if it had not been closed under this section shall be paid to that person by the Commissioners out of such one or more of the diocesan pastoral accounts as the Commissioners may determine, having regard to the nature of the payment and the manner in which the fund was dealt with under the foregoing subsection.

(3) The Diocesan Board of Finance shall pay to the Commissioners any moneys which would but for this Measure have 1944 No. 1. been so payable under section 31(1) of the Reorganisation Areas Measure 1944, and those moneys shall be credited to the diocesan pastoral account of the diocese concerned.

Payment of expenses from Diocesan Pastoral Accounts, and application of other moneys therein.

78.—(1) Expenses incurred by or on behalf of, or under the authority or direction of, the bishop of any diocese or any Pastoral Committee or any Diocesan Redundant Churches Uses Committee or the Commissioners for the purposes of this Measure or any scheme or order made thereunder, may be paid out of the moneys standing to the credit of such one or more of the diocesan pastoral accounts as the Commissioners may determine, so far as those moneys suffice, but such expenses shall not include the salaries or wages of persons in the regular employment of the bishop, any Board or Committee of the diocese, or the Commissioners, or any part of such salaries or wages.

(2) The Commissioners may repay out of a diocesan pastoral account any money expended by them or by a Diocesan Board of Finance on any property vested by or under this Measure in the Commissioners or the Board, as the case may be, for the purpose of furthering the disposal or use of the property.

(3) Where it appears to the Commissioners that any moneys standing to the credit of a diocesan pastoral account are not required or likely to be required for meeting the expenses or expenditure referred to in the foregoing subsections, they may, at the request of the Diocesan Board of Finance,—

(a) apply those moneys by way of grant or loan to the provision, restoration, improvement or repair of churches and parsonage houses in the diocese, including the

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2487

repair of any redundant building vested in the Board Part IV pending the making of a redundancy scheme, or to other purposes of the diocese or any benefice or parish in the diocese; or

(b) apply those moneys by way of grant or loan for the

benefit of another diocese, either generally for the purposes aforesaid or for such of those purposes as the said Board may specify; or

(c) transfer those moneys to the capital or income account

of the diocesan stipends fund.

(4) If at any time there is not a sufficient amount standing to the credit of a diocesan pastoral account to meet any such expenses or expenditure as aforesaid, the Commissioners may, if they think fit, make an advance out of their general fund towards such expenses or expenditure and may, at such time or times as they think fit, transfer from that diocesan pastoral account into their general fund the amount of the advance.

79. —(1) Where by virtue of this Measure or any scheme or Power of order made thereunder any land is vested in the Commissioners, Commissioners the Diocesan Board of Finance, the Redundant Churches Fund {^undaries16 or an incumbent of a benefice, the Commissioners may determine 00

the boundaries thereof by an instrument under their seal, and such determination shall for all purposes be binding on any of the said bodies and any incumbent, whether as the body or person in whom the land is vested or the body or person from whom it is transferred, but shall bind no other person.

(2) A copy of any such instrument purporting to be certified by an officer of the Commissioners as a true copy shall be sufficient evidence in any proceedings of the contents of the instrument.

80. —(1) Where it is necessary for the purposes of this Measure Powers of

or any scheme or order made thereunder to determine who is Commissioners

the patron of a benefice, and it appears to the Commissioners

that— relating to

(a) it is doubtful which of two or more persons is entitled patronage.

to the patronage or to some share therein; or

(b) it is not possible or is not reasonably practicable to find

the person believed to be so entitled or determined under this section to be so entitled, or to ascertain what person is so entitled; the Commissioners may in the first-mentioned case, determine the question and in the second-mentioned case direct that the Diocesan Board of Patronage shall be treated for the said purposes as the person so entitled, and any such determination or direction shall be conclusive for the said purposes.

2488

Part IV

Application to benefices in the patronage of the Crown or Duke of Cornwall.

No. 1 Pastoral Measure 1968

(2) The provisions of the foregoing subsection with respect to a person who cannot be found shall apply also with respect to a person as to whom the Commissioners are satisfied—

(a) that he is outside the United Kingdom and has not within the United Kingdom any representative authorised to act for him; and

(b) either that no address at which letters are likely to be

delivered to him is known, or that a letter asking him to nominate such a representative has been written to him at his last known address but no reply has been received within a reasonable period.

(3) If at any time it appears to the Commissioners that the interest of any person in the patronage of a benefice is so small that for the purposes of section 32 or paragraph 1 of Schedule 3 to this Measure it should be disregarded, they may determine his interest to be negligible and thereupon he may be treated for the said purposes as having no interest in the patronage of the benefice.

81.—(1) Without prejudice to the application of section 72 of this Measure to the Crown, nothing in this Measure or in any scheme or order made under this Measure shall without the consent, given either generally or in respect of a particular benefice, of Her Majesty or, as the case may be, of the Duke of Cornwall, apply in relation to any benefice the patronage or any share in the patronage of which is vested in or exercisable by Her Majesty, whether in right of Her Crown or of Her Duchy of Lancaster, or is vested in or exercisable by the possessor for the time being of the Duchy of Cornwall, whether Her Majesty or a Duke of Cornwall.

(2) Any consent given under the foregoing subsection and, if by virtue of any such consent any provisions of this Measure or any scheme or order made thereunder apply to any such benefice as aforesaid, any consent, approval or other thing required by any such provision, scheme or order to be given or done by or to the patron of the benefice, may be given or done in accordance with the following provisions: —

(a) a general consent under the foregoing subsection in respect of benefices the patronage of which is vested in or exercisable by Her Majesty in right of Her Crown, or a particular consent thereunder in respect of any such benefice which is above the yearly value of twenty pounds in the King’s books, and any consent, approval or other thing required as aforesaid to be given or done by or to the patron of any such last-mentioned benefice, may be given or done by or to the Prime Minister and First Lord of the Treasury;

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2489

(b) any particular consent under the foregoing subsection Part IV

in respect of a benefice the patronage of which is vested in or exercisable by Her Majesty in right of Her Crown and the yearly value of which does not exceed twenty pounds in the King’s books, and any consent, approval or other thing required as aforesaid to be given or done by or to the patron of any such benefice, may be given or done by or to the Lord Chancellor;

(c) any consent under the foregoing subsection in respect

of a benefice or benefices the patronage of which is vested in or exercisable by Her Majesty in right of the Duchy of Lancaster, and any consent, approval or other thing required as aforesaid to be given or done by or to the patron of any such benefice, may be given or done by or to the Chancellor of the Duchy; id) any consent under the foregoing subsection in respect of a benefice or benefices the patronage of which is vested in or exercisable by fthe possessor for the time being of the Duchy of Cornwall, and any consent, approval or other thing required as aforesaid to be given or done by or to the patron of any such benefice, may be given or done by or to any person authorised to act on behalf of the Duke of Cornwall under the Duchy of Cornwall Management Act 1863, including 1863 c. 49. any persons having authority under section 38 or section 39 of the said Act.

82. Where a minor is entitled to the patronage or a share Patrons who of a patronage of a benefice, any consent, approval or other arc minors, thing required by any provision of this Measure or any scheme or order made thereunder to be given or done by or to the patron of the benefice may be given or done by or to the guardian of the minor.

83.—(1) All notices, consents, directions, determinations and Provisions as requests required or authorised by this Measure to be served,to notices sent, given, made or obtained shall be in writing. *nd other

(2) Where in accordance with the provisions of this Measure proposals or a draft scheme or order are served on or sent to a parochial church council, a second copy thereof and of any accompanying documents shall be served or sent therewith with a view to enabling the council to exhibit or deposit the same at such place as they think fit for inspection by the public.

(3) Any notice or other document required or authorised by this Measure to be served on or sent or given to any person may be served, sent or given by delivering it to him, or by leaving it at his proper address, or by post

2490

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part IV

1889 c. 63.

Provisions

where there is

no parochial

church

council,

incumbent

etc.

(4) Any such notice or other document required or authorised to be served, sent or given to a corporation or to an unincorporated body having a secretary or clerk or to a firm, shall be duly served, sent or given if it is served on or sent or given to, as the case may be, the secretary or clerk of the corporation or body or a partner of the firm.

(5) For the purposes of this section and of section 26 of the Interpretation Act 1889 in its application to this section, the proper address of the person on or to whom any such notice or other document is required or authorised to be served, sent or given shall, in the case of the secretary or clerk of a corporation, be that of the registered or principal office of the corporation, in the case of the secretary or clerk of an unincorporated body or a partner of a firm, be that of the principal office of the body or firm, and, in any other case, be the last known address of the said person:

Provided that, where the person on or to whom the notice or other document is to be served, sent or given has, in accordance with arrangements agreed, furnished an address in the United Kingdom for the serving, sending or giving of the notice or other document, his proper address for those purposes shall be that address.

(6) If any question arises as to the person on or to whom, or the manner in which, any notice or other document is to be served, sent or given, the Commissioners may decide the question and their decision shall be conclusive.

84.—(1) Where at the material time a parish has no parochial church council, the provisions of this Measure with respect to notices, consents and other things required or authorised to be given or done by or to such councils shall have effect, if the parish has churchwardens, as if the churchwardens were the parochial church council, and, if there are no churchwardens, shall have no effect with respect to that parish.

(2) Where at the material time a benefice has no incumbent, or the office of vicar in a team ministry is vacant, the provisions of this Measure with respect to notices, consents and other things required or authorised to be given or done by or to incumbents or vicars in team ministries shall have no effect with respect to that benefice or office.

(3) Where at the material time an archdeaconry has no archdeacon or a rural deanery has no rural dean, the provisions of this Measure with reference to notices, consents and other things required or authorised to be given or done by or to archdeacons or rural deans shall have no effect with respect to that archdeaconry or rural deanery.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2491

(4) For the purposes of this section a certificate signed by Part IV the bishop stating that at any time specified therein a particular benefice, office of vicar in a team ministry, archdeaconry or rural deanery had no incumbent, vicar, archdeacon or rural dean, as the case may be, or a particular parish had no parochial church council or no churchwardens, shall be conclusive.

85.—(1) The bishop of a diocese may, if he considers that Appointment he will not be able to carry out the functions to which thisof section applies by reason of illness or absence from his diocese.801 for bishop‘ appoint by an instrument under his hand a suffragan or assistant bishop or an archdeacon of the diocese to perform those functions on his behalf for a period specified in the instrument or for the period of his illness or absence.

(2) This section applies to functions of the bishop of a diocese in relation to any of the following matters:—

(a) any matters arising under this Measure;

(b) purchases, sales and exchanges of parsonage houses

under the Parsonages Measure 1938, loans for the 1938 No. 3. erection or purchase of parsonage houses under the Loans (Incumbents of Benefices) Amendment Act 1918 c. 42. 1918, and conveyancing transactions relating to parsonage houses under the Church Property i960 No. l. (Miscellaneous Provisions) Measure 1960;

(c) sales and leases of glebe under the Ecclesiastical Leasing

Acts and conveyancing transactions relating to glebe under the last-mentioned Measure;

(d) conveyances under the New Parishes Measure 1943; 1943 No. 1.

(e) transfers of patronage rights to bishops under the

Church Patronage Act 1870; 1870 c. 39.

if) extinguishments of charges on benefices under section 4

of the Queen Anne’s Bounty (Powers) Measure 1939.1939 No. 1.

(3) Where a see is vacant, or the bishop of the diocese is unable because of illness or absence to make an appointment under subsection (1) of this section, the archbishop of the province may appoint by an instrument under his hand a suffragan or assistant bishop or an archdeacon of the diocese to perform the functions to which this section applies for a period specified in the instrument, and, if that archbishop is unable to do so owing to illness or absence, the appointment may be made by the other archbishop.

(4) A power of appointment under this section may be exercised by the appointment of two or more persons qualified for such appointment and the division among them, whether territorially or otherwise, of the functions to be performed.

4 L

2492

No. 1

Pastoral Measure

Part IV (5) Where any such function requires the application of the bishop’s seal to a document, the person appointed under this section shall execute the document as a deed.

Conversion of existing districts into new parishes.

1943 No. 1.

Conversion of perpetual curacies etc. into

vicarages.

Pluralities not to be authorised except under Measure.

General Provisions

86. —(1) All districts constituted for ecclesiastical purposes by or under any Act or Measure, and all other districts constituted for ecclesiastical purposes the minister of which has a separate cure of souls, including any district belonging or annexed or reputed to belong or to be annexed to any church or chapel, but not including a conventional district, shall, if they are not already parishes with full parochial status, become such parishes as from the commencement of this Measure; and the minister of the district shall become the vicar of the parish without any further process or form of law.

(2) The provisions of Part II and Schedule 3 of this Measure shall apply, with any necessary modifications, to parishes which become parishes with full parochial status under the foregoing subsection and to the benefices to which they belong, as they apply to parishes and benefices created by a pastoral scheme:

Provided that existing rights of patronage in respect of the district shall continue in respect of the parish.

(3) Nothing in any scheme or any instrument made under any Act or Measure repealed by the New Parishes Measure 1943 or by this Measure shall prevent in any way the operation of this section.

87. From the commencement of this Measure all perpetual curacies, whether created under any Act or Measure or otherwise, and any other benefices which immediately before the commencement of this Measure comprise a parish or parishes with full parochial status, but are not vicarages or rectories, shall become vicarages, and a person holding a perpetual curacy or any such benefice immediately before the commencement of this Measure shall become the vicar without any further process or form of law, and section 22(4) of this Measure shall apply as it applies to the vicar of a new benefice created by a pastoral scheme.

88. —(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, no person shall hold benefices in plurality except in pursuance of a pastoral scheme or order.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, no person shall hold a cathedral preferment with a benefice orwithtwo or more benefices

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2493

authorised to be held in plurality by a pastoral scheme or order, unless the cathedral statutes so provide or allow.

(3) No person shall hold cathedral preferments in more than one cathedral

(4) If any person accepts any benefice or cathedral preferment and such acceptance would, but for this subsection, result in his holding offices in contravention of this section, he shall, on his admission to the benefice or preferment, be deemed to vacate the office or offices previously held by him.

(5) Where any person, immediately before the commencement of this Measure, was holding any offices by virtue of any provisions repealed by this Measure or any licence or dispensation granted under any such provision, he shall be entitled to continue to hold those offices, notwithstanding the repeal, in accordance with those provisions and any such licence or dispensation:

Provided that, if he accepts and is admitted to a new office, this subsection shall cease to apply to him and, if he then holds offices in contravention of this section, he shall be deemed to vacate the office or offices held by him before his admission to the new office.

(6) Section 106 of the Pluralities Act 1838 (which provides that not more than two benefices shall be served in one day) shall cease to have effect.

(7) In this section—

" benefice " includes the office of a vicar in a team ministry;

" cathedral preferment " means the office of dean, provost, residentiary canon or stipendiary canon in any cathedral;

"cathedral statutes’* includes a charter or local Act relating to the cathedral;

" office " means a benefice or cathedral preferment.

89.—(1) In this Measure—

" benefice " means the office of rector or vicar of a parish or parishes, with cure of souls, but not including (except in the last foregoing section) the office of a vicar in a team ministry, and " the area of a benefice " means the parish or parishes belonging to the benefice;

"parish" means a parish constituted for ecclesiastical purposes, and does not include a conventional district.

(2) If any question arises under this Measure as to whether an ecclesiastical office is a benefice, or whether any area or

4 L 2

Part IV

1838 c. 106.

Meaning of 44 benefice " and 44 parish *.

2494

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part IV

General

interpretation.

1960 c. 58.

place is or is within a parish or the area of a benefice or an extra-parochial place, it shall be determined by the Commissioners after consultation with the bishop, and that determination shall be conclusive for the purposes of this Measure.

(3) If any question arises whether any benefice or parish is to be treated, for the purposes of any pastoral scheme or order or any provisions of this Measure relating thereto, as a new benefice or parish or as an existing benefice or parish with altered area or boundaries, any provision of the scheme or order expressly stating or necessarily implying (whether by a change of name or retention of an existing name or otherwise) that the benefice or parish is to be treated as new or existing shall be conclusive of that question.

(4) Nothing in this Measure or in any scheme or order made thereunder shall be taken as applying to or in any way affecting any parish constituted otherwise than for ecclesiastical purposes.

90.—(1) In this Measure, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—

" admission " includes institution and induction, collation, licence and any other process by which a person becomes the incumbent of a benefice or (for the purposes of section 88) the holder of a cathedral preferment and " admit " shall be construed accordingly;

"the Advisory Board*’ means the Advisory Board for Redundant Churches appointed under section 42 of this Measure;

" the bishop " means the bishop of the diocese concerned, and includes any person appointed under section 85 of this Measure to act on lus behalf and also includes, if die see is vacant and no person is so appointed, the guardian of the spiritualities thereof;

" charity *' shall be construed in accordance with section 45 of the Charities Act 1960;

" church * means a church or chapel which has been consecrated for the purpose of public worship according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England, and includes a building used or intended to be used partly for the purpose of such public worship and partly for the purpose of a church hall, whether the whole building is consecrated or only such part thereof as is used or intended to be used for the purpose of such public worship, and any reference to the consecration of a church shall, in the case of such a building, be construed as including a reference to the

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2495

consecration of the part of the building used or intended Part IV to be used for the purpose of such public worship as aforesaid.

44 Council for the Care of Churches " means the body so named at the passing of this Measure or any body subsequently exercising the functions of that body under a different name or with a different constitution;

44 the Commissioners " means the Church Commissioners;

44Diocesan Board of Finance" means in relation to a diocese, the Board of that name constituted under the Diocesan Board of Finance Measure 1925 for that 1925 No. 3. diocese:

Provided that, if the bishop certifies that a board of finance not so constituted or a body constituted for the holding on trust of diocesan property is to be treated for any of the purposes of this Measure or of any scheme or order made thereunder as the Diocesan Board of Finance for that diocese, the board or body so certified shall be so treated instead of any Board constituted under the said Measure;

44diocesan pastoral account" means, in relation to a diocese, the account established under section 77 of this Measure for that diocese;

44 diocesan stipends fund " means, in relation to a diocese, the fund of that name established under the Reorganisation Areas Measure 1944 or the Pastoral 1944 No. 1. Reorganisation Measure 1949 or the Diocesan Stipends 1949 No. 3. Funds Measure 1953 for that diocese; 1953No.2.

44 endowments " in relation to any benefice, does not include a church, churchyard, parsonage house or right of patronage, but subject as aforesaid any question as to what constitutes the endowments of a benefice or the income of the endowments shall be conclusively determined by the Commissioners, who may include income arising from a parsonage house;

44interested parties" has the meaning assigned to it by section 3 of this Measure;

44 local planning authority "—

(a) outside Greater London, has the meaning assigned to it by section 2(1) of the Town and 1962 c. 38. Country Planning Act 1962;

(b) in Greater London, means the Greater London Council and also, in relation to the City of London, means the Common Council of the City of London and, in relation to any London borough, means the council of that borough;

4 L 3

2496

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part IV

"parsonage house" means the house or other dwelling vested in the incumbent of a benefice (when the benefice is full) and being his official residence, and includes any outbuildings or land included in the curtilage of any such house or dwelling and any rights appurtenant thereto;

" pastoral order " means an order made by the bishop under section 7 of this Measure;

"pastoral scheme" means a scheme made by the Commissioners and confirmed by Order in Council under Part I of this Measure, and includes (except where it is expressly or by necessary implication excluded) any such scheme made in pursuance of proposals by a Joint Pastoral Committee appointed under section 12 of this Measure;

" patron ", in relation to any benefice, means the person or persons for the time being entitled, otherwise than by lapse, to present to that benefice upon a vacancy, including—

(a) in any case where the right to present is vested in different persons jointly, every person whose concurrence would be required for the exercise of the joint right, and

(b) in any case where the patronage is vested in different persons by way of alternate or successive right of presentation, every person who is for the time being the person who would be entitled to present on the next or any subsequent turn,

and "right of patronage" shall be construed accordingly:

Provided that, in the application of these definitions, the fact that any person is a Roman Catholic shall be disregarded;

" provision " in relation to a building, includes, in addition to the construction or erection thereof, the acquisition of a site and the provision of necessary fittings, installations, outbuildings, fences, paths and drives, and "provide" shall be construed accordingly;

" redundant building " has the meaning assigned to it by section 28 of this Measure;

" redundancy scheme " has the meaning assigned to it by section 48 of this Measure;

" restoration " includes rebuilding or partial rebuilding;

"suspension period" has the meaning assigned to it by section 67(1) of this Measure.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2497

I

(2) In determining the net proceeds of the sale or exchange Part IV of any property by the Commissioners or the Diocesan Board

of Finance, or the net premium or net rent of any property let by the Commissioners or Board, the deductions to be made shall include the deduction of any money expended by the Commissioners or Board or a Diocesan Redundant Churches Uses Committee on the property or for the purpose of furthering the disposal of the property or on the demolition of any building on the property; and if any question arises as to what are the net proceeds, net premium or net rent aforesaid, the decision of the Commissioners shall be conclusive.

(3) Section 2 of the Charities Act 1960 (which provides for I960 c. 58. the exercise of powers by the Secretary of State for Education

and Science concurrently with the Charity Commissioners) shall apply to the functions conferred on the Charity Commissioners by this Measure, and references to the said Commissioners shall be construed accordingly.

(4) Any reference in this Measure to any Act or Measure shall be construed as a reference to that Act or Measure as amended by any subsequent Act or Measure.

91. The provisions of the Town and Country Planning Act Saving for 1962, and any restrictions or powers thereby imposed or con- plarining ferred in relation to land, shall apply and may be exercised,egls,ation* in relation to any land notwithstanding that the development thereof is or may be authorised or regulated by or under this Measure:

Provided that a declaration of redundancy shall not enable a building preservation order to be made under section 30 of the said Act—

(a) in respect of the redundant building, while the Diocesan

Board of Finance is responsible for the care and maintenance of the building under section 49(2) of this Measure;

(b) in respect of the redundant building or a part thereof,

if the building or part is to be demolished in pursuance of a pastoral or redundancy scheme;

and no such order shall prevent any alteration or extension approved by the Advisory Board of a redundant building for the purpose of facilitating any use to which the building or any part thereof is or may be appropriated by or under any such scheme.

92. —(1) A pastoral scheme may make a declaration of Provisions redundancy under section 28 of this Measure with respect to a church designated as a guild church under the City of London cnurcties*

4 L 4

2498

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Part IV

Application to private and local Acts.

(Guild Churches) Acts, 1952 and 1960, other than the church of St Lawrence Jewry, as if the references to a parish church included references to a guild church, and accordingly provision may be made under Part III of this Measure, either by the pastoral scheme, in accordance with section 47 but not section 46, or by a redundancy scheme, with respect to the guild church or part thereof and any churchyard or other land annexed or belonging to the church.

(2) When a pastoral scheme or redundancy scheme making such provision as aforesaid comes into operation, the said Acts shall cease to apply to the guild church concerned, and the scheme may provide for such transitional, supplementary and incidental matters as appear to the Commissioners to be necessary.

(3) A pastoral scheme may make provision in accordance with section 30 of this Measure with respect to the churchyard or other land annexed or belonging to a guild church, other than the church of St. Lawrence Jewry.

(4) In relation to a pastoral scheme affecting a guild church—

(a) the interested parties shall be or shall include the vicar

of the guild church, the patron of the guild church and the guild church council;

(b) the references in section 5(3) of this Measure to the

secretary of the parochial church council and the parish church or churches shall be or shall include references to the secretary of the guild church council and the guild church.

(5) It is hereby declared that the incumbent of a benefice or the holder of another ecclesiastical office may be nominated to a vacancy in a guild church, but the bishop may refuse his licence on the ground that the benefice or office cannot properly be combined with the office of vicar of the guild church.

(6) Save as aforesaid nothing in this Measure or in any scheme or order made thereunder shall apply to or affect any guild church.

93. The provisions of this Measure, and in particular those relating to redundant churches, shall apply to churches provided under any private or local Act passed before the commencement of this Measure, and a scheme made under this Measure may amend or revoke any provision of a private or local Act so passed, if it appears to the Commissioners that the provision of the Act is inconsistent with or rendered unnecessary by the provisions of the scheme or the provisions of this Measure applicable thereto:

Provided that, if it appears to the Commissioners that a proposed pastoral scheme or redundancy scheme will affect the

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2499

rights (other than the patronage rights) of any person under Part IV any such private or local Act, they shall, in the case of a pastoral scheme, serve a copy of the draft scheme on that person together with such a notice as is mentioned in section 5(1) of this Measure, and he shall thereafter be deemed to be an interested party in relation to that scheme, and, in the case of a redundancy scheme, they shall serve a copy of the draft scheme on that person under section 50(3) of this Measure.

94. The transitional provisions set out in Schedule 8 to this Transitional Measure shall have effect for the purpose of the transition to the provisions, provisions of this Measure of the law in force before the commencement of this Measure.

95. Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing section, the Repeals. Acts and Measures specified in Schedule 9 to this Measure are hereby repealed to the extent specified in column 3 of that Schedule.

96. —(1) This Measure may be cited as the Pastoral Measure short title,

1968. extent and

commence*

(2) This Measure shall extend to the whole of the provinces menu of Canterbury and York, except the Channel Islands and the diocese of Sodor and Man, but may be applied to the Channel Islands as defined in the Channel Islands (Church Legislation)

Measures 1931 and 1957 or either of them, in accordance with those Measures.

A scheme made for the purpose of such application, and the Order in Council confirming the scheme, may provide for the repeal of the Church Building Acts 1818 to 1884 and any other Acts specified in the Schedule to the New Parishes m3 No. l. Measure 1943, in their application to the said Islands or either of them.

(3) This Measure shall come into operation on such day as the Archbishops of Canterbury and York may jointly appoint, and the day so appointed shall be notified in the London Gazette.

4 L*

2500

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Section 1.

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 1

Constitution and Procedure of the Pastoral Committee of a Diocese

1. The bishop shall be a member of the Pastoral Committee of his diocese if he so desires, and shall be the chairman thereof if he so desires.

2. If the bishop does not desire to be the chairman of the Committee he shall appoint a chairman who at the time of his appointment need not be a member of the Committee but must be a member of the Diocesan Conference.

3. Every suffragan bishop in the diocese and the archdeacon of every archdeaconry in the diocese shall be ex officio members of the Committee.

4. The Diocesan Board of Finance, the Diocesan Dilapidations Board and the Diocesan Advisory Committee for the Care of Churches shall each appoint a member of the Committee, who shall be a member or officer of the body who so appoints him.

5. The remaining members of the Committee shall be appointed or elected in such manner as the Diocesan Conference may determine, but so as to secure that not less than one-third of all the members of the Committee shall be of the clergy and not less than one-third shall be of the laity, and not more than one-third shall be ex officio members appointed under paragraph 3 of this Schedule.

6. Members (other than ex officio members) of the Committee shall hold office for five years or such lesser period as the Diocesan Conference may determine, but shall be eligible for re-appointment on the termination of any period of office.

7. Not less than one-third of the members of the Committee shall form a quorum.

8. The Committee may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their membership.

9. Every question submitted to a meeting of the Committee shall be decided by a majority of those present and voting, and the chairman of the meeting shall have a second or casting vote in the case of an equality of votes.

10. The Committee shall have power to appoint sub-committees and to appoint thereto persons who are not members of the Committee, but a majority of the members of the sub-committee shall be members of the Committee. The Committee may delegate to such sub-committees any of their functions under Part I of this Measure, except their duty under the proviso to section 3(3) to afford opportunities to incumbents of benefices and vicars in team ministries to meet the Committee itself and their functions under Schedule 4 to this Measure.

11. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Schedule and to any directions given by the Diocesan Conference, the Committee shall have power to regulate their own procedure.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2501

SCHEDULE 2 Section 8.

Appeals to the Judicial Committee of thb Privy Council

1. Notice of appeal under section 8(2) of this Measure shall be in writing and shall be sent by registered post or recorded delivery service to the Clerk of the Privy Council. A copy of the notice shall be sent to the Commissioners by the appellant

2. Where more than four persons representing the same interest have joined in written representations with respect to the scheme, the notice of appeal shall be given and the appeal shall be made by not more than four of those persons acting on behalf of themselves and the others.

3. As soon as Her Majesty in Council has ordered that an appeal shall be heard by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council the Clerk of the Privy Council shall give notice of the order to the appellant and to the Commissioners.

4. After receiving notice of the order the appellant shall without delay lodge in the Registry of the Privy Council five copies of his petition of appeal. The petition shall consist of paragraphs numbered consecutively and shall state succinctly and clearly all such facts as are necessary in order to enable the Judicial Committee to advise Her Majesty in accordance with the provisions of section 8 of this Measure. There shall be annexed to each copy of the petition a copy of the scheme and any documents in his possession to which the appellant may wish to refer. A copy of the petition and the annexed documents shall within fourteen days of the lodging of the petition be served by the appellant on the Commissioners.

5. The Commissioners shall without delay after receiving the said copy lodge in the Registry of the Privy Council five copies of their answer, to each of which shall be annexed copies of any documents to which the Commissioners may wish to refer, and shall within fourteen days of the lodging of the answer serve a copy thereof and of the annexed documents on the appellant.

6. An appeal shall be set down as soon as the answer has been lodged.

7. A map showing clearly the boundaries of any ecclesiastical area affected by the scheme shall be lodged by the Commissioners before the hearing of the appeal.

8. Where an appellant takes no step in prosecution of his appeal within a period of three months from the date of his receiving a notice under paragraph 3 of this Schedule, the Registrar of the Privy Council may by letter notify the Lord President of the Council that the appeal has not been prosecuted, and the appeal shall thereupon stand dismissed for non-prosecution as from the date of the said letter without further order, and a copy of the said letter shall be sent by the Registrar to the appellant or his solicitor and to the Commissioners.

4 L* 2

2502

No. 1

Pastoral Measure

Sch. 2 9. All bills of costs under any order of the Judicial Committee,

on such appeal shall be referred to the Registrar of the Privy Council for taxation, and such taxation shall be regulated (so far as the same is applicable) by the rules of the Judicial Committee for the time being in force.

Sections 19,20, SCHEDULE 3

21, 23(4), 27,

31(1), 32(9X10), Supplementary Provisions Applicable to Matters

33(1) and 41. ARISING OUT OF PASTORAL SCHEMES AND ORDERS

Team and Group Ministries

1.—(1) A pastoral scheme establishing a team ministry shall provide for the presentation of the rector of the team ministry, other than the first rector if designated by the scheme, either by a patronage board constituted by the scheme or by the Diocesan Board of Patronage:

Provided the said provision shall not apply to any benefice of which the bishop is the sole patron, and in that case the rector shall be collated by the bishop.

1931 No. 3. (2) The Benefices (Exercise of Rights of Presentation) Measure

1931, and any other enactment. Measure or rule of law relating to the presentation or collation of incumbents shall apply to any presentation or collation under this paragraph.

(3) A patronage board constituted by a pastoral scheme establishing a team ministry shall consist of the bishop, who shall be the chairman, and such other members as the scheme may provide; and regard shall be had in making such provision to the interests of persons who previously had patronage rights in the benefice for which the team ministry is established or, if it is a new benefice created by the union of two or more benefices, patronage rights in any of the constituent beneficies, but it shall not be necessary, in cases where there are pastoral or practical objections, for those persons or all of them to be members of the patronage board.

(4) The bishop may authorise a suffragan or assistant bishop or archdeacon of the diocese to act for him at any meeting of the board and exercise his voting rights, and any other member of the board (including any body corporate or unincorporated body of persons) may be represented by a person authorised to act and vote on his or their behalf.

(5) A patronage board constituted by such a scheme as aforesaid shall be a body corporate for the purpose of holding the rights of patronage conferred upon them, and shall have a seal, and shall have power to regulate their own procedure.

(6) If the pastoral scheme provides for the presentation of the rector by the Diocesan Board of Patronage, it snail give to persons specified in the scheme, being such persons as would have been members of a patronage board constituted by the scheme, the like rights to attend and vote at the sittings of the Board at which the persons to be presented are considered and chosen.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2503

(7) The rights to be members of the patronage board or, as the Sch. 3 case may be, to attend and vote at sittings of the Diocesan Board of Patronage shall be transferable inter vivos and on death, but shall

not be saleable and shall not be deemed to be rights in land.

(8) Persons having the rights mentioned in the last foregoing sub-paragraph shall furnish to the registrar of the diocese particulars thereof, including particulars of any transfer or devolution of the rights concerned, and if they fail to do so their rights may be disregarded for the purposes of this paragraph (including the next sub-paragraph).

(9) Where a pastoral scheme terminates a team ministry, the scheme shall, so far as practicable and having regard to pastoral considerations and to the last foregoing sub-paragraph, provide for restoring rights of patronage in respect of the benefice concerned to the persons who would have possessed them if the team ministry had never been established and, if and so far as it is not practicable to make such provision, shall make other provision for the vesting and exercise of rights of patronage in respect thereof.

2. —(1) The patron of a benefice in a group of benefices for which a group ministry is established by a pastoral scheme shall not be entitled to exercise his right of presentation until he has obtained the bishop's approval of the person presented, and the bishop shall consult the other incumbents in die group before reaching his decision:

Provided that, if the bishop withholds his approval, the patron may bring his decision before the archbishop of the province for review, and may lawfully present the person concerned if the archbishop authorises him to do so.

(2) Any period during which the decision of the bishop is under review by the archbishop shall not be reckoned for purposes of lapse.

(3) In a case where the patron of any such benefice is required to obtain the bishop's approval or the archbishop's authorisation under

section 3 of the Benefices (Exercise of Rights of Presentation) 1931 No, 3. Measure 1931, the requirements of that section as well as of this paragraph shall be complied with.

3. —(1) Where a pastoral scheme establishes a team ministry, the scheme, or the bishop’s licence of any vicar in the team ministry, may assign to any such vicar the duties or a share in the duties of the chairmanship of the annual parochial church meeting and the parochial church council of the parish or any of the parishes in the area of the benefice for which the team ministry is established, and other duties of the minister of the parish under the Rules contained in the Schedule to the Representation of the Laity Measure 1956, or a share in such other duties, and the said Rules shall have effect accordingly:

Provided that, if the said duties of chairmanship are to be shared, the arrangements shall be such that the chairman on any occasion is determined in advance so that, in his absence, the vice-chairman of the parochial church council shall take the chair in accordance with the said Rules.

4 L* 3

2504

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Sen, 3 (2) Where a pastoral scheme establishes a team ministry, the

scheme may provide or authorise the bishop by instrument under his hand with the concurrence of the rector to provide—

(a) for the election by the annual parochial church meeting of

the parish or any of the parishes in the area of the benefice for which the team ministry is established, of a district church council for any district in the parish in which a church or place of worship is situated, and of deputy churchwardens for the church or place of worship;

(b) for assigning to the district church council and deputy churchwardens such of the functions of the parochial church council and the churchwardens of the parish, being functions relating to the said church or place of worship or district, but not including their functions as interested parties under Part I of this Measure, as may be specified by the scheme or determined thereunder;

(c) for a vicar in the team ministry to be the chairman of the

district church council, and for the constitution, meetings and procedure of the council.

In this sub-paragraph " place of worship " means a building or part of a building licensed for public worship according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England.

(3) All vicars in a team ministry shall be entided to attend the parochial church meetings, and shall be ex officio members of the parochial church council, of the parish or each of the parishes in the area of the benefice for which the team ministry is established, and the rector and all the vicars shall have a right to attend the meetings of any district church council elected for any district in a parish.

(4) Where a pastoral scheme establishes a group ministry or establishes a team ministry for an area comprising more than one parish, the scheme may provide or authorise the bishop by instrument under his hand with the concurrence of all the members of the group or team ministry to provide—

(a) for establishing a group council, comprising all the said

members and such number of lay representatives of each of the parochial church councils in the area for which the group or team ministry is established as may be specified in the scheme, for the purpose of consulting together on matters of common concern;

(b) for the election of the lay representatives by the said councils;

(c) for the chairmanship, meetings and proceedings of the group

council.

(5) All the incumbents in a group ministry shall be entided to attend the parochial church meetings and the meetings of the parochial church councils of all the parishes in the area for which the group ministry is established.

Admission and induction to benefices

4.—(1) Any person who is designated by or selected under a pastoral scheme or order as the incumbent of a benefice, shall not be required to be presented or collated to that benefice.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2505

(2) Where a pastoral scheme creates a new benefice by the union Sch. 3 of two or more benefices, then—

(a) if the first incumbent of that new benefice is designated or selected as aforesaid and was, immediately before the union, the incumbent of any of the constituent benefices, he shall be deemed to have been admitted to that new benefice and no fees in respect thereof shall be payable, and if he has complied with section 7 of the Clerical Subscription Act 1865 in any parish church in the area of the benefice, he shall be deemed to have complied with it in respect of the new benefice;

(b) in any other case section 75 of this Measure shall apply.

(3) Section 2(2) of the Benefices Act 1898, and the Benefices 1898 c. 48. (Exercise of Rights of Presentation) Measure 1931, shall not apply 1931 No. 3. to the admission of a person designated by or selected under a pastoral scheme or order as the incumbent of any benefice.

(4) It shall not be necessary, by reason only of the substitution of another church for a parish church by a pastoral scheme or order, for the incumbent of the benefice to be inducted in the new parish church or comply with any other process or form of law.

Patronage Rights

5. —(1) A vesting, exchange or transfer of rights of patronage by or under a pastoral scheme shall not be treated as a transfer

of those rights for the purposes of the Benefices (Transfer of Rights 1930 No. 8. of Patronage) Measure 1930.

(2) Subject to any provision for the designation or selection of the first incumbent of a new benefice created by a pastoral scheme, the Benefices (Exercise of Rights of Presentation) Measure 1931, shall apply to the presentation of the incumbent as it applies on a vacancy in a benefice, and a notice given by the bishop to the person who is or will be (having regard to the scheme or order) entitled to exercise the right of presentation and to the parochial church council or councils concerned of the coming into force of the scheme or order shall be treated as a notice under section 1 of the said Measure.

(3) Any right of patronage created by or under this Measure shall be incapable of sale and any transfer thereof for valuable consideration shall be void.

General provisions as to vesting of property

6. —(1) Where a pastoral scheme creates a new benefice by a union of benefices, any church, churchyard, burial ground, parsonage house or other property which was previously vested in right of his benefice in the incumbent of any of the constituent benefices, shall vest in the incumbent of the new benefice:

Provided that—

(a) this sub-paragraph shall not apply to any parsonage house or endowments for which other provision is made by or under a pastoral scheme;

4 L* 4

2506

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Sch. 3

1776 c. 53 (17 Geo. 3).

(b) if the new benefice is to be held by the provost of a parish church cathedral, any such property as would have vested in the incumbent as aforesaid shall instead vest in the cathedral chapter or, in the case of an endowment being a periodical payment, become part of the capitular revenues of the cathedral.

(2) Where by virtue of a pastoral scheme (other than a scheme to which the foregoing sub-paragraph applies) or a pastoral order any church or churchyard or burial ground previously vested in the incumbent of a benefice becomes situated in a parish belonging to another benefice, the church, churchyard or burial ground, and any movable property used for the purposes thereof and vested as aforesaid, shall vest in the incumbent of that other benefice.

(3) Where any movable property used for the purposes of a church or churchyard is vested in the churchwardens or parochial church council of a parish, and the church or churchyard becomes situated in another parish by virtue of a pastoral scheme or order, the property shall vest in the churchwardens or, as the case may be, the parochial church council of that other parish.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall have effect subject to any express provision of a pastoral scheme or order and, where applicable, to the provisions of paragraph 11 of this Schedule relating to property held on charitable trusts.

(5) Where a pastoral scheme or order provides for the transfer of any property to any person, or any property vests by virtue of this paragraph in any person, that property shall, when the transfer or vesting takes effect, vest in that person without any conveyance or other assurance and freed and discharged from all previously existing trusts and charges in favour of any benefice, but subject—

(a) to the provisions of the next following paragraph, where applicable,

(b) to all other previously existing trusts and charges and any previously existing tenancies, and

(c) in the case of an endowment, to any provision made under

section 33(2) of this Measure or under any Measure repealed by this Measure for payment or crediting of the income or any part of the income of the endowment to the diocesan stipends fund, unless the scheme or order otherwise provides.

(6) A pastoral scheme or order may with the consent of the incumbrancer, provide for the apportionment of any sum charged on property of which only part is transferred by the scheme or order and for securing the sums so apportioned on the respective parts of the property.

Loans and Assessments under Clergy Residences Repair Act, Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measures etc.

7.—(1) This paragraph applies to loans made under the Clergy Residences Repair Act 1776, the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measures 1923 to 1951, or under any other Act or Measure, being

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2507

in each case loans in respect of which principal money or interest is Sch. 3 owing to the Commissioners.

(2) Where any such loan has been made in respect of property vested in an incumbent of a benefice in right of his benefice and the property is transferred by a pastoral scheme or order to the incumbent of another benefice or vests in the incumbent of another benefice by virtue of any provision of this Measure, the loan shall become secured on the property and revenues of that other benefice in like manner as it was previously secured on the property and revenues of the first-mentioned benefice.

(3) Where a loan has been made in respect of property which is transferred by a pastoral scheme or order to the Diocesan Board of Finance then, unless the scheme or order otherwise provides, the Commissioners may cause the loan to be discharged immediately out of the diocesan pastoral account or out of the proceeds of any disposal of the property, or may postpone such discharge, with or without payment of interest on the loan during the period of postponement, for such period and on such conditions as they may from time to time determine.

(4) The Commissioners may, where necessary, determine whether a loan and what part of the loan was made in respect of any particular property, and apportion a loan to parts of the property in respect of which it was made.

8. Where any property belonging to a benefice is transferred by a pastoral scheme or order to, or is vested by virtue of any provisions of this Measure in, the Diocesan Board of Finance or the incumbent of another benefice, the Commissioners and the Diocesan Dilapidations Board may respectively make consequential variations in any existing order or assessment made under the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measures 1923 to 1951, and may apply any such order or assessment or part thereof to any new benefice affected by such transfer or vesting of property as aforesaid; and the Commissioners with the concurrence of the Diocesan Dilapidations Board may determine the manner in which any unexpended moneys paid under the said Measures in respect of any benefice affected by such transfer or vesting shall be applied.

Property transferred to Diocesan Board of Finance

9. —(1) Where any property is transferred under section 31 or

section 33 of thi ' ' ’ eme or order to the

thereof either as a whole or in parts and at such time or times as they deem right, and their powers shall include powers of sale, letting and exchange of land.

(2) The terms on which any such property is sold or otherwise disposed of by the Diocesan Board of Finance shall be approved by the Commissioners.

(3) Where a pastoral scheme or order provides for the transfer as aforesaid of any property to the Diocesan Board of Finance for

Diocesan Board

Board may dispose

2508

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Sch. 3 disposal, the scheme or order may provide for the application of the net proceeds of disposal (including net premiums and rents) or any part thereof towards the provision of a church or the provision, restoration, improvement or repair of a church or a parsonage house or a house for a vicar in a team ministry or an assistant curate, but, except in so far as the scheme may so provide,—

(a) if the property consists of a parsonage house or the site of

such a house, the net proceeds shall be paid into the diocesan pastoral account;

(b) in the case of any other property, the net proceeds shall be paid either to the capital account or to the income account of the diocesan stipends fund, as the Commissioners after consultation with the Diocesan Board of Finance may determine.

(4) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Diocesan Board of Finance may elect to take over and hold as part of their corporate property any property transferred to them as aforesaid for disposal, for such consideration as the Commissioners with the concurrence of the said Board may determine as representing the fair value of the property, and the amount of the consideration shall be applied, paid or credited as if it were the net proceeds of the disposal of the property.

(5) Where a pastoral scheme or order provides for the transfer of any property as aforesaid to the Diocesan Board of Finance for use for diocesan or parochial purposes,

(a) the transfer shall, unless the scheme otherwise provides, be

without consideration, and in that case no consideration shall be payable by a parochial church council in respect of the use thereof for parochial purposes;

(b) the Board may appoint the parochial church council as managers or managing trustees of any property to be used for parochial purposes.

Crediting of sums to and adjustment of funds and accounts by Commissioners

10.—(1) Where by virtue of this Measure or a pastoral scheme or order any money is required to be appropriated or credited to the capital account or the income account of a diocesan stipends fund or a diocesan pastoral account, the money shall be taken over and held by the Commissioners as part of their corporate property, and the Commissioners shall credit the appropriate fund or account with an equivalent amount charged upon their general fund.

(2) Where a pastoral scheme or order provides for the transfer or appropriation of the endowments or the endowment income of a benefice, the Commissioners shall make such adjustments as may be necessary or desirable in any sums appropriated to the benefices affected in the books of the Commissioners under any Act or Measure, and in any charges created thereunder.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2509

Church and Parochial Trusts

11.—(1) Where any benefice is dissolved -by a pastoral scheme, whether in consequence of a union of benefices or otherwise, and any property of a charity established for ecclesiastical purposes of the Church of England is vested in or under the management or control of the incumbent of that benefice (with or without other persons) or a corporation of which he is a member, the trusts of the charity or the constitution of the corporation shall have effect with the substitution for that incumbent of the incumbent of the new benefice created by the union or (in a case arising otherwise than in consequence of a union) of the incumbent of such benefice as may be specified by order of the Charity Commissioners, being a benefice the area of which incorporates part of the area of the dissolved benefice.

(2) Where any parish is dissolved by a pastoral scheme, whether in consequence of a union of parishes or otherwise, and any property of a charity established for the purposes aforesaid is vested in or under the management or control of the churchwardens or parochial church council of that parish (with or without other persons). the trusts of the charity shall have effect with the substitution for those churchwardens or that council of the churchwardens or parochial church council of the parish created by the union or (in a case arising otherwise than in consequence of a union) of such parish as may be specified by order of the Charity Commissioners, being a parish which incorporates part of the dissolved parish.

(3) Any change under the foregoing provisions in the vesting of property shall take effect without any conveyance or other assurance.

(4) Where a union of benefices or parishes is effected by a pastoral scheme, or the area of a benefice or parish is altered by a pastoral scheme or order, and the purposes of a charity established for the purposes aforesaid are defined by reference to one of the constituent benefices or parishes or, as the case may be, to the benefice or parish affected by the alteration, the trusts of the charity shall (subject to any such scheme as is hereinafter mentioned) have effect with the substitution for that benefice or parish of the benefice or parish created by the union or, as the case may be, of the benefice or parish as altered.

Sch. 3

(5) The powers of the Charity Commissioners to make schemes under section 18 of the Charities Act 1960 may, in the case of a 1960 c. 58. charity established for the purposes aforesaid, being a charity whose administration or purposes are affected by a pastoral scheme or order, be exercised on the application of the Diocesan Board of Finance as well as in accordance with that section.

(6) Any schemes or orders made by the Charity Commissioners for purposes arising in connection with a pastoral scheme or order may be made before the date on which the pastoral scheme or order comes into operation, but not so as to take effect before that date.

(7) Where, by reason of the dissolution of a parish by a pastoral scheme, the parochial church council of that parish ceases to exist then, if and so far as any property vested in, or held on behalf of.

2510

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Sea. 3 that council is not dealt with under the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the property shall, without any conveyance or other assurance, vest in or be held on behalf of the parochial church council of the parish in which the parish church of the dissolved parish, or the site of that church, is situated, for the like purposes, as nearly as may be, as those for which it was previously applicable in the hands of the first-mentioned council.

Any question arising as to the application of any such property or the income thereof shall be referred to the bishop of the diocese, whose decision shall be final and conclusive.

(8) Where, as a condition of any benefaction, attendance at or the performance of Divine Service or any other act is required at any church, and that church ceases in consequence of a declaration of redundancy made by a pastoral scheme to be used for Divine Service, and the case is not provided for under the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the parish church of the parish in which the first-mentioned church or the site thereof is situated shall be substituted for the first-mentioned church for the purpose of the performance of the required act

(9) The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to any fund or property for which provision is made under section 63 of this Measure.

Parochial Church Meetings and Councils

12.—(1) The incumbent of a new parish created by a pastoral scheme shall as soon as possible, according to the provisions of 1956 No. 2. the Rules contained in the Schedule to the Representation of the Laity Measure 1956, take all necessary steps—

(a) to form a church electoral roll, and

(b) to convene a special parochial church meeting.

(2) A special meeting so convened shall, in addition to any other business, elect representatives of the laity to the parochial church council, to the ruridecanal conference (if any) and die diocesan conference if such representatives are required to be elected at annual meetings of that new parish.

(3) A special meeting so convened and held in the month of November or the month of December may, if the meeting so resolves, be for all purposes under the said Rules the annual parochial church meeting for the succeeding year, and a special meeting so convened shall in any event be for all such purposes the annual parochial church meeting for the year in which it is so convened and held.

(4) Without prejudice to any general rule of law relating to parochial church councils, the powers, duties and liabilities set out

1956 No. 3. in section 4(lxii) of the Parochial Church Councils (Powers) Measure 1956 shall continue to apply to any church which was formerly a parish church and becomes a chapel of ease as the result of a pastoral scheme or order, and to the churchyard of any such church, except so far as the scheme or order otherwise provides.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2511

13. Where there are two or more parishes within the area oi a Sch. 3 single benefice or two or more benefices are held in plurality, a pastoral scheme or order may provide for constituting a joint parochial church council for all or some of the parishes of the benefice or benefices and for empowering that council to exercise

such of the powers of the parochial church councils of the several parishes concerned as may be determined by or in accordance with the scheme or order, and the scheme or order may apply in relation to the joint parochial church council, with such modifications as may be specified, the provisions of any Measure relating to parochial church councils, and may make provision for vesting in the joint parochial church council any property, rights and liabilities of the parochial church councils of the several parishes concerned.

Marriages and Banns of Matrimony

14. —(1) Section 10(1) of the Marriage Act 1949 (which provides 1949 c. 76. for the completion in a church of the publication of banns of matrimony commenced in another church) shall have effect as if this Measure were included among the Measures therein mentioned.

(2) Where, after the completion of the publication of the banns in any church, another church has by virtue of any provision of this Measure or anything done thereunder become a church in which banns of matrimony could be published in relation to the parties to the intended marriage, the marriage may be solemnized in that other church.

(3) Section 23 of the Marriage Act 1949 (which empowers the bishop to direct, in the case of benefices held in plurality, where banns of matrimony of persons entitled to be married in any church of those benefices may be published and where marriages of those persons may be solemnized) shall also apply, subject to the necessary modifications, to a case where by virtue of any provision of this Measure or anything done thereunder there are two or more parishes or parish churches in the area of a single benefice.

(4) Where after the issue of a common licence for the solemnization of the marriage in any church, another church has by virtue of any provision of this Measure or anything done thereunder taken the place of that church as a church in which the marriage of the parties concerned ought to be solemnised in pursuance of a common licence, the marriage may be solemnised in that other church.

Burial rights in new or altered parishes

15.—(1) On a union of parishes by virtue of a pastoral scheme the persons residing within the limits of the parish thereby created shall have the rights and privileges (if any) of parishioners in respect of burials in that parish:

Provided that any such parishioner who, before the union took effect, had any rights of burial in a churchyard within the limits of a constituent parish shall, so long as that churchyard remains open for interments, continue to have those rights and shall not become entitled by virtue of the union to rights of burial in any other churchyard.

2512

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Sch. 3 (2) On the creation of a new benefice for a new parish by a pastoral

scheme, the persons residing within the limits of the new parish shall continue to have the same rights and privileges in respect of burials which they enjoyed before the creation of the new parish, but such rights shall cease when they obtain rights of burial as parishioners of the new parish.

(3) Where any persons by virtue of a pastoral scheme or order providing for the alteration of parochial boundaries come to reside within a different parish, they shall have such rights and privileges in respect of burials as are possessed by parishioners of that different parish and not any others.

Provisions relating only to pastoral schemes affecting diocesan boundaries

16.—(1) Where a benefice or parish or extra-parochial place is transferred from one diocese to another by a pastoral scheme,—

(a) any property vested in the Diocesan Board of Finance of the old diocese and held for ecclesiastical purposes relating solely to the benefice or parish or place transferred shall vest in the Diocesan Board of Finance of the new diocese and be held for those purposes;

(b) all documents and maps in the custody of the registrar or other officer of the old diocese and relating solely to the benefice or parish or place transferred shall be transferred to the registrar or corresponding officer of the new diocese;

(c) any licence granted by the bishop of the old diocese shall,

so far as it relates to the benefice or parish or place transferred or any church therein, be deemed for all purposes to have been granted by the bishop of the new diocese;

(d) any order, direction or action made, given or taken by the bishop or the Diocesan Board of Finance or any clerical or lay officer or body of the old diocese with respect to the benefice or parish or place transferred or any property thereof shall be deemed to have been made, given or taken by the bishop. Diocesan Board of Finance or corresponding clerical or lay officer or body of the new diocese;

(e) the power of the Diocesan Board of Finance to apply under

paragraph 11(5) of this Schedule for a scheme under 1960 c. 58. section 18 of the Charities Act 1960 shall be exercisable by

the Board of either diocese.

(2) Where part of the area of a benefice or part of a parish or extra-parochial place is transferred as aforesaid, the foregoing sub-paragraph shall apply as if the references to the benefice or parish or place transferred were references to the part transferred.

(3) Where a pastoral scheme makes any alteration of diocesan boundaries, the Commissioners may make, as respects each of the dioceses affected, such adjustments as they consider desirable in the capital or income accounts of the diocesan stipends fund or the diocesan pastoral account or any other fund, account or allocation held or made by them.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2513

(4) In this paragraph the expression "old diocese* and Mnew Sgh. 3 diocese* shall respectively mean the diocese from which and the diocese to which the benefice, parish or extra-parochial place or part thereof is transferred.

SCHEDULE 4 Section 25.

Compensation of Clergy

1. The incumbent of a benefice dissolved by a pastoral scheme or deemed to be vacated by virtue of section 24 of this Measure, the archdeacon of an archdeaconry dissolved by a pastoral scheme and the holder of an office of vicar in a team ministry whose office is abolished by or as the result of a pastoral scheme or order, shall be entitled to compensation for any loss suffered by him in consequence of the dissolution or vacation of the benefice or archdeaconry or the abolition of the office, as the case may be.

2. Where the incumbent of a benefice for which a team ministry is established is designated or appointed the first rector in the team ministry, but the scheme provides that his office shall be held for a term of years, the incumbent shall, if he is required to vacate his office on the expiration of any term for which it is held, be entitled to compensation for any loss suffered by him in consequence thereof.

3. If the incumbent of any benefice or the archdeacon of an archdeaconry or a vicar in a team ministry agrees with the Pastoral Committee that, if he resigns his benefice, archdeaconry or office in order to enable a pastoral scheme or order to come into operation or to facilitate its coming into operation, compensation will be payable for any loss suffered by him in consequence of his resignation, he shall be entitled, on resignation, to compensation for any such loss.

4. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions, the loss suffered by any such incumbent or archdeacon or vicar as aforesaid shall include loss arising from his ceasing to occupy the parsonage house or other official residence of the incumbent, archdeacon or vicar and any expenses arising from his change of residence.

5. The right to and the amount of compensation payable under this Schedule shall be determined in the first instance by the Pastoral Committee, but the person claiming the compensation (hereinafter called M the claimant *) shall have a right of appeal to the Appeal Tribunal constituted under this Schedule for the relevant province.

6. —(1) The compensation shall consist of periodical payments or a lump sum payment, or partly of one and partly of the other, and compensation in the form of periodical payments shall not be assignable.

(2) The Pastoral Committee may, pending the final determination of a claim for compensation, make payments on account to the claimant

2514

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Sch. 4

1870 c. 91.

1963 No. 1.

7. In determining whether any claimant has suffered loss giving a right to compensation and, if so, the amount thereof, the Pastoral Committee and the Appeal Tribunal—

(a) shall take into account the emoluments of any ecclesiastical

office (including another benefice) to which the claimant has been or is to be appointed, or of any other regular remunerated employment in which he is or is to be engaged; and

(b) if he refuses without good and sufficient reason to accept an ecclesiastical office which in the opinion of the Committee or Tribunal is reasonably comparable to the benefice or office in respect of which the compensation is claimed, may take into account the emoluments of the office so refused.

8. If any person who is receiving compensation under this Schedule in the form of periodical payments is appointed to any ecclesiastical office or becomes engaged in any remunerated employment, or refuses any such office as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (b) of the last foregoing paragraph, the Pastoral Committee may suspend the periodical payments or reduce the amount thereof, having regard to the emoluments of the office, but the person affected shall have a right of appeal to the Appeal Tribunal.

9. Any person who has been refused compensation under this Schedule or is receiving or has received such compensation may apply to the Pastoral Committee for a grant or renewal of such compensation or, as the case may be, an increase of such compensation (whether by way of an increase of periodical payments or a lump sum payment or both), on the ground that circumstances of which account was taken under paragraph 7 or paragraph 8 hereof have materially altered to his disadvantage, and the Pastoral Committee may grant or renew such compensation or make such increase thereof on that ground, and an appeal shall lie to the Appeal Tribunal against the refusal of any such application.

10. If any person who is claiming or receiving or has received compensation under this Schedule—

(a) executes a deed of relinquishment under the Clerical

Disabilities Act 1870; or

(b) becomes a member of a religious body which is not in communion with the Church of England; or

(c) becomes disqualified under the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction

Measure 1963 from holding preferment in the Church of England;

the Pastoral Committee may refuse the claim or, as the case may be, may order, subject to a right of appeal to the Appeal Tribunal, that no further payment of compensation shall be made to him under this Schedule.

11. It shall be the duty of every claimant and every applicant under paragraph 9 hereof and every person who is receiving compensation under this Schedule by way of periodical payments, to

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2515

disclose to the Pastoral Committee any ecclesiastical office to which Sea. 4 he has been appointed or which has been offered to him, and any other remunerated employment in which he is or is to be engaged, and any such matter as is mentioned in the last paragraph, and if he fails to do so and it appears to the Pastoral Committee that in consequence they have made payments which otherwise they would not have made or payments in excess of those that they would otherwise have made, they may, without prejudice to their powers under paragraphs 8 and 10 hereof, direct the repayment of the amount of the payments or excess or such part thereof as they think just, and that amount shall be recoverable as a debt due to the Diocesan Board of Finance:

Provided that an appeal shall lie to the Appeal Tribunal against any such direction.

12.—Cl) Where any benefice, archdeaconry or office is dissolved abolished, vacated or resigned in the circumstances mentioned in paragraphs 1 to 3 of this Schedule,—

(a) any period thereafter and before his retirement during which he is not in pensionable service within the meaning of the Clergy Pensions Measure 1961 shall be deemed for the purposes of the said Measure and this paragraph to be a period of pensionable service, except that any period after the happening of any of the events mentioned in paragraph 10 of this Schedule and, in the case of a vicar m a team ministry, any period after the date on which his term of office would have ended, shall be excluded;

(b) on attaining the retiring age within the meaning of the said Measure, he shall be deemed to retire for the purposes of the said Measure and this paragraph, unless he is then in actual pensionable service, and, if his total period of pensionable service is less than the qualifying period of such service for the purposes of the said Measure, it shall be deemed to be increased to that period;

(c) the Pastoral Committee may, if he is deemed to retire as aforesaid and his total period of pensionable service is less than forty years, add to his pension and the pension (if any) of his widow or dependant periodical payments not exceeding the amount necessary to bring the pension up to the amount that it would have been if the total period had been forty years, but save as aforesaid compensation shall cease to be payable when he is deemed to retire or retires:

Provided that the Pastoral Committee may, with the agreement of the Church of England Pensions Board and the incumbent, archdeacon or vicar or (if he is dead) his widow or dependant, make such modification of the provisions of this paragraph or substitute such other provisions as may appear to the Committee to be more appropriate to the particular circumstances of the case and not less advantageous to the incumbent, archdeacon or vicar or his widow or dependant

(2) The effect of provision (b) of the foregoing sub-paragraph shall be disregarded in determining the amount of compensation under this Schedule.

2516

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Sch. 4 13.—(1) The functions of the Pastoral Committee under this

Schedule shall not be delegated to a sub-committee.

(2) At any meeting of the Pastoral Committee at which a determination or decision under this Schedule is made or at which the person affected by such a determination or decision is interviewed, the members present shall include—

(a) either the bishop or a suffragan bishop, and

(b) the member representing the Diocesan Board of Finance:

Provided that, if the last-mentioned member is not available for any meeting, another member or officer of the said Board (who need not be a member of the Pastoral Committee) may be nominated by the Board to act in the place of the said member at that meeting.

14.—(1) For the purposes of this Schedule there shall be an Appeal Tribunal for each of the Provinces of Canterbury and York, which shall be constituted as follows: —

(a) The Dean of the Arches and Auditor shall be the chairman and the Vicar-General of the Province of York shall be the deputy chairman, and one or other of them (but not both) shall sit on each appeal and shall preside:

Provided that, if neither the chairman nor the deputy chairman is available to preside over an appeal, a chancellor of a diocese nominated by the chairman or deputy chairman shall preside over that appeal.

(b) A panel of six persons shall be appointed by the Lower House of the Convocation of the Province concerned from among the members of that House, in such manner as that House may determine, and four persons from the panel shall be nominated by the Dean of the Arches or the said Vicar-General for each appeal.

(c) A panel of four persons shall be appointed by the House of Laity of the Church Assembly from among the members of that House, in such manner as that House may determine, and two persons from the panel shall be nominated as aforesaid for each appeal.

(2) The persons appointed by the Lower House of the Convocations or the House of Laity as aforesaid shall be appointed for the lifetime of those Convocations or that House of Laity and, on a casual vacancy, another member of the House concerned shall be appointed in his place, in such manner as the House concerned may determine, for the remainder of that lifetime:

Provided that the persons appointed as aforesaid shall, when a new House falls to be elected, continue to hold their appointments until the first Session of the new House, and any such person who has heard the whole or a part of an appeal may continue as a member of the Tribunal until the determination thereof.

(3) The Commissioners shall appoint a secretary to the Appeal Tribunal for each province, and the same person may be appointed for both Tribunals.

(4) The expenses of an Appeal Tribunal in connection with any appeal shall be paid out of moneys standing to the credit of the diocesan pastoral account of the diocese from which the appeal is brought

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2517

15. —(1) The Commissioners may make rules prescribing the pro- Sch. 4 cedure to be followed in claiming and determining rights to and amounts of compensation under this Schedule, and in altering, terminating or suspending payments of compensation, and in proceedings before the Appeal Tribunal and in any other proceedings under

this Schedule.

(2) Rules made in pursuance of this paragraph shall be laid before the Church Assembly, and shall not come into operation until they have been approved by the Church Assembly; and the Statutory Instruments Act 1946 shall apply to any rules so approved 1946 c. 36. as if they were a statutory instrument and were made when so approved, and as if this Measure were an Act providing that any such rules should be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

16. Any costs reasonably incurred in proceedings under this Schedule by any person having a right to compensation conferred by paragraph 1, paragraph 2 or paragraph 3 in the circumstances therein mentioned shall be refunded to the claimant out of the Legal

Aid Fund constituted under section 59 of the Ecclesiastical Juris- 1963 No. 1. diction Measure 1963, and any question as to whether costs have been so incurred or as to the amount thereof shall be determined in accordance with rules made under the last foregoing paragraph.

17. Payments of compensation under this Schedule shall be made by the Diocesan Board of Finance and charged either on the capital or the income account of the diocesan stipends fund, as may be agreed by the Commissioners and the Diocesan Board of Finance.

Statutory Bodies Appointed for Purposes of Part III of Measure

Advisory Board for Redundant Churches

1. Neither the chairman nor any other member of the Advisory Board for Redundant Churches shall be a member of the Board of Governors of the Church Commissioners or of any Committee constituted by the Church Commissioners Measure 1947. as 1947 No. 2. amended by the Church Commissioners Measure 1964, or 1964 No. 8. appointed by the said Board of Governors, or of the Pastoral Committee of any diocese.

2. The members of the Advisory Board for Redundant Churches shall hold office in accordance with the terms of their appointment and any member shall, on ceasing to hold office, be eligible for re-appointment.

3. The said Board may act notwithstanding a vacancy among its members.

4. The quorum of the said Board shall be three or such greater number as the Board may determine, and the Board shall regulate their own procedure.

SCHEDULE 5

Sect iccs[42,43 and 45.

2518

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Sch. 5

Diocesan Redundant Churches Uses Committees

5. The Diocesan Redundant Churches Uses Committee of a diocese shall consist of—

(a) a chairman to be appointed by the bishop;

(b) a member to be appointed by the Diocesan Board of Finance;

(c) a member to be appointed by the Pastoral Committee;

(d) a member to be appointed by the Diocesan Advisory Committee for the Care of Churches with the approval of the Council for the Care of Churches;

(e) such other members not exceeding three as the bishop may

appoint, at least one of whom shall be a member of the Diocesan Conference.

6. The chairman and other members of the said Committee shall hold office for five years, but shall be eligible for re-appointment on the termination of any period of office.

7. The bishop may appoint, or the Committee may co-opt, other members upon terms limiting their functions to specified matters.

8. Any of the bodies by whom a member of the said Committee is appointed under paragraph 5 hereof may appoint another person to act as alternate to the member so appointed.

9. The secretary of the said Committee shall be appointed by the Diocesan Board of Finance.

10. The said Committee may act notwithstanding any vacancy among its members.

11. The said Committee shall determine its own quorum and regulate its own procedure.

Redundant Churches Fund

12. The members of the Redundant Churches Fund shall hold office in accordance with the terms of their appointment, and any member shall, on ceasing to hold office, be eligible for re-appoint-ment.

13. The said Fund may act notwithstanding any vacancy among its members.

14. The quorum of the said Fund shall be three or such greater number as the Fund may determine, and the Fund may regulate its own procedure.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2519

SCHEDULE 6 Section 65.

Disposal of Human Remains

1. The body or person in whom the building, part of a building or land in question is vested (hereinafter referred to as "the land-owner") shall, before removing any human remains or any tombstones, monuments or memorials commemorating the deceased persons—

(a) publish in a newspaper circulating in the locality a notice of intention to do so at least once during each of two successive weeks; and

(b) display a like notice in a conspicuous place where the remains are interred; and

(c) serve a like notice on the bishop; and

(d) if the remains were interred within twenty-five years before the date of the first publication of the notice, serve a like notice on the personal representatives or next of kin (or, in the event of their being untraceable, any known relative) of the deceased person.

2. Any notice required to be published and served as aforesaid shall contain—

(a) the address at which particulars of the deceased persons

and of any tombstones, monuments or other memorials commemorating them may be inspected;

(b) the name of the burial ground or crematorium where it

is proposed to reinter or cremate such remains and the manner in which it is proposed to dispose of such tombstones, monuments or other memorials.

(c) a statement as to the right of the personal representatives

or relatives of any deceased person on notice in writing given within a specified time themselves to undertake the removal and reinterment or cremation of the remains of the deceased, and the disposal of any tombstone, monument or other memorial commemorating the deceased, within two months from the date of the notice;

(d) a statement of any directions given by the Secretary of State with respect to the removal and reinterment or cremation of human remains, and of any requirements imposed by the bishop with respect to die manner of removal, the place and manner of reinterment or cremation, and the disposal of tombstones, monuments and other memorials;

(e) a statement as to the extent to which the landowner is

required by this Schedule to defray the expenses of such removal and reinterment or cremation or disposal.

3. —(1) The personal representatives or relatives of any deceased person whose remains are interred in the land may, on giving the required notice, themselves remove and reinter any such remains

2520

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

Sch. 6 or cremate them in any crematorium and may dispose of any tombstone, monument or other memorial commemorating the deceased, and the landowner shall defray the cost of such removal and reinterment or cremation or disposal, up to the sum of fifty pounds in respect of the remains removed from any one grave; and up to the sum of fifteen pounds in respect of any tombstone, monument or other memorial.

(2) If the removal and reinterment or cremation or disposal, as the case may be, has not been carried out by the personal representatives or relatives in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule within two months from the date of the required notice, the landowner may cany out the removal and reinterment or cremation or disposal as if the required notice had not been given.

4. Any human remains interred in the building or land which have not been removed and reinterred or cremated by the personal representatives or relatives of the deceased person within the said two months shall, on removal by the landowner, be reinterred in such land as may be indicated as being reasonably available for the purpose by the bishop, and failing any such land being so indicated, shall be reinterred in any cemetery or burial ground or shall be cremated in any crematorium.

5. Any tombstone, monument or other memorial commemorating any deceased person whose remains are reinterred or cremated in accordance with the provisions of the last preceding paragraph may, where reasonably practicable, be removed and re-erected by the land-owner over the grave in the burial ground where the remains are reinterred or on some other appropriate site.

6. The removal of all human remains shall be effected, and the remains reinterred or cremated, in accordance with the directions of the Secretary of State.

7. Upon any removal of remains a certificate of removal and reinterment or cremation shall be sent to the Registrar General by the landowner giving the dates of removal and reinterment or cremation respectively and identifying the place from which the remains were removed and the place in which they were reinterred or cremated showing the particulars of each removal separately, and every such certificate shall be deposited at the General Register Office with the miscellaneous records in the custody of the Registrar General.

8. Any tombstone, monument or other memorial not disposed of in accordance with this Schedule shall be offered by the landowner to the bishop for disposal as he thinks fit, and the bishop shall consult the Diocesan Advisory Committee for the Care of Churches with respect to such disposal and if the tombstone, monument or other memorial is not accepted by the bishop for preservation it shall be broken and defaced before being otherwise disposed of.

9. Where any tombstone, monument or other memorial is removed from the land, the landowner shall within two months from the date of removal—

(a) deposit with the council of the county borough or county district, or in the case of land in Greater London with the

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2521

Common Council of the City of London, or the council of the London borough, a record of the removal with sufficient particulars to identify the memorial (including a copy of any inscription thereon) and showing the date and manner of its removal and disposal and the place (if any) to which it is transferred;

(b) send to the Registrar General a copy of such record for deposit with the miscellaneous records in the custody of the Registrar General

10. The requirements of this Schedule shall be in addition to such reasonable conditions if any as may be imposed in the case of consecrated ground by the bishop with respect to the manner of removal and the place and manner of reinterment or cremation of any human remains and the disposal of any tombstones, monuments or other memorials, and such conditions shall be complied with as if they formed part of this Schedule.

SCHEDULE 7

Sequestration of Benefice Property during Suspension

Period

1. Sequestrators appointed under section 68 of this Measure (hereinafter referred to as " the sequestrators ") in addition to exercising any powers vested in them by the Benefices (Sequestrations) Measure 1933 or by the general law relating to sequestrations, may, with the consent of the bishop, exercise in relation to any property of the benefice any other power which an incumbent would have if the benefice were full, not being a power which by the provisions of any Act or Measure is exercisable during a vacancy by the bishop or the Commissioners.

2. The bishop may with the consent of the Commissioners authorise the sequestrators, if they think fit, to grant a lease or tenancy of the parsonage house for such period as the bishop may authorise, and any such lease or tenancy shall be subject to the provisions of section 59 of the Pluralities Act 1838.

3. —(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Tithe Act 1536, or in any other Act or any Measure, the sequestrators shall, subject to the provisions of the next succeeding subsection, apply the income of the benefice accruing during the vacancy—

(a) in payment to the bishop of all expenses incurred by him under sections 67 and 68 of this Measure;

(b) in payment of all expenses properly incurred in the collection of the income of the benefice;

(c) in payment of all expenses incurred in making provision for the performance of the ecclesiastical duties of the benefice, including that of accommodation;

id)in payment of all expenses properly incurred in the exercise of the powers or the performance of the duties by law

Sch.6

Section 68(4). 1933 No. 4.

1838 c. 106. 1536 c. 11.

2522

No. 1

Pastoral Measure 1968

See. 7 1933 No. 4.

belonging to sequestrators or conferred or imposed on them by the Benefices (Sequestrations) Measure 1933, or by this Measure, including the payment of any sequestrator who is professionally qualified his proper professional charges for work undertaken by him;

(e) in payment of the stipend and expense of accommodation of an assistant curate.

(2) During the course of the suspension period the sequestrators may, with the consent of the bishop, and shall, on the direction of the bishop, pay part of the balance in their hands to the Commissioners.

(3) At the close of the sequestration the sequestrators shall pay the balance in their hands, as certified by the bishop or some person duly authorised by him, to the Commissioners.

4. The Commissioners shall apply moneys received from the sequestrators in such one or more of the following ways and in such proportions as the bishop with the concurrence of the Pastoral Committee shall direct, namely—

(a) towards the augmentation of the endowment of the benefice, or towards the provision of a parsonage house therefor, or otherwise for the advantage thereof;

(b) in making a grant to the next succeeding incumbent of the benefice;

(c) by crediting either the capital account or the income account of the diocesan stipends fund.

For the purposes of this paragraph the expression " the benefice " shall include any benefice the area of which includes the whole or part of the area of the benefice the presentation to which was suspended, and, if the benefice is or is to be held in plurality, shall include any of the benefices so held or to be held.

5. Where a suspension period immediately follows a period during which a benefice has been vacant any sequestrators appointed during that vacancy shall, subject to the discharge of all their liabilities, pay any balance in their hands at the close of that sequestration to the sequestrators appointed under section 68 of this Measure, and the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall apply to any money so received as if it were income of the benefice accruing during the sequestration of those latter sequestrators.

6. The sequestrators shall annually at such date as the bishop may direct and as soon as possible after the close of the sequestration render to the bishop and the Commissioners duly audited income and expenditure accounts and shall furnish such information with respect thereto as the bishop or the Commissioners may require.

7. —(1) For the purposes of this Schedule any sum charged on the endowments of the benefice for the payment of an assistant curate and accruing during the suspension period shall be deemed to be part of the income of the benefice.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2523

(2) Where, on the termination of a suspension period in respect of any benefice, there immediately follows a further period during which the profits of the benefice are sequestrated, the suspension period shall, for the purposes of this Schedule, be deemed to extend to and include that further period.

SCHEDULE 8 Transitional Provisions

1. Where any scheme or order is pending at the commencement of this Measure under any provisions repealed by this Measure, being a scheme required to be made, affirmed or ratified by Order in Council or to be confirmed by order of the Commissioners under the Reorganisation Areas Measure 1944 or to be made by order of the Commissioners or the bishop under the Pastoral Reorganisation Measure 1949, the repealed provisions shall continue to apply for the purpose of completing the proceedings on the scheme or order up to and including the publication of notice thereof:

Provided that any duties which would have been performed in relation to any such scheme or order by a Committee which ceases to exercise functions by virtue of section 1(4) of this Measure shall be performed by the Pastoral Committee of the diocese concerned appointed under this Measure.

2. Any such scheme or order made and affirmed, ratified or confirmed, or made, before the commencement of this Measure or under the foregoing paragraph, and any instrument under seal of the Commissioners under section 22 of the New Parishes Measure 1943, shall continue to have effect (so far as it is not revoked or spent), notwithstanding the repeal of the said provisions, and this Measure shall apply, subject to such modifications as may be necessary—

(a) to any such scheme as if it were a pastoral scheme;

(b) to any such order or instrument, as if it were a pastoral order:

Provided that this paragraph shall not apply to any scheme or part of a scheme to which the next following paragraph applies.

3. Where any such scheme as aforesaid provides for the closure, demolition or appropriation to any use or uses of any church or part of a church, the scheme or such part thereof as provides for the said matters, and any deeds or regulations made under section 24 of the Union of Benefices Measure 1923 relating to the scheme or part thereof, shall continue to have effect notwithstanding the repeal of the said provisions, and this Measure shall apply, subject to such modifications as may be necessary, as if the scheme or part thereof were a redundancy scheme and as if any such deeds or regulations as aforesaid were contained in that redundancy scheme:

Provided that section 61(1) of this Measure shall not apply unless a redundancy scheme so provides.

4 M

SCH. 7

Section 94.

1944 No. 1. 1949.No. 3.

1943 No. 1.

1923 No. 2.

2524

See. 8 1943 No. 1.

1860 c. 142. 1923 No. 2.

1944 No. 1.

1949 No. 3.

No. 1 Pastoral Measure 1968

4. Where any scheme constituting a new parish under section 1 of the New Parishes Measure 1943 is confirmed by Order in Council, or the Order in Council confirming any such scheme comes into operation, after the commencement of this Measure, any provision of the scheme postponing the constitution of the parish until die consecration or approval of a parish church, and in the meantime constituting an ecclesiastical district, shall not have effect, and Hie area concerned shall be a parish with full parochial status as from the date of operation erf the Order in Council.

5. Any scheme made by a bishop and approved by the Charity Commissioners under section 26 of the Union of Benefices Act 1860 or section 30 of the Union of Benefices Measure 1923 before the commencement of this Measure with respect to endowed lectureships shall continue to have effect notwithstanding the repeal of the said sections, and this Measure shall apply thereto as if it were a redundancy scheme.

6. The Commissioners may by order made under seal, with the agreement of the bishop and the Diocesan Board of Finance, abolish or reduce the amount of any fund established under section 18(c) of the Union of Benefices Measure 1923, and give directions that the amount standing to the credit of the fund, or the amount of the reduction, as the case may be, shall be transferred to the endowments of the benefice concerned or to the diocesan stipends fund.

7. Section 15 of the Reorganisation Areas Measure 1944 shall continue to apply to annuities granted thereunder before the commencement of this Measure.

8. Where any such scheme or order as is mentioned in paragraph 2 of this Schedule is not in operation at the commencement of this Measure because its operation is dependent on the occurrence of a vacancy or vacancies in any benefice or benefices, and the incumbent of the benefice or any of the benefices concerned agrees with the Pastoral Committee that, if he resigns the benefice, compensation will be payable for any loss suffered by him in consequence of his resignation. he shall be entitled, on resignation, to compensation under Schedule 4 to this Measure for any such loss, and that Schedule shall apply accordingly.

9. Where, under the enactments hereinafter specified, any such periods of restriction or suspension of rights of presentation as are hereinafter mentioned are in operation at the commencement of this Measure, the following provisions shall apply:—

(a) any period of restriction under section 7 of the Pastoral

Reorganisation Measure 1949 shall continue to operate in accordance with that section;

(b) any period of restriction under section 8 of the said Measure shall have effect as if the notice given under that section had been given under section 69(2) of this Measure;

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2525

(c) any period of suspension under the Benefices (Suspension Sgh. 8 of Presentation) Measure 1953 as amended by the Benefices 1953 No. 5. (Suspension of Presentation) (Continuance) Measure 1965,1965 No! 2! shall have effect as if the notice given under section 1 of the first-mentioned Measure or. if more than one notice has been given in relation to the benefice in question, the last such notice, had been given under section 67 of this Measure.

10. Any licence, direction, designation, consent, notice or other thing given or done under the provisions repealed as aforesaid shall so far as it is applicable for the purposes of this Measure or otherwise, continue to have effect notwithstanding the repeal.

11. If at the commencement of this Measure proceedings are in course of being carried out under the provisions repealed as aforesaid for the removal of human remains from any church or land annexed or belonging thereto, the proceedings may be completed in accordance with those provisions and shall have effect as if they had been completed before the said repeal.

12. —(1) The application of any provisions of this Measure to any scheme or order made under the provisions repealed by this Measure, whether before the commencement of this Measure or under paragraph 1 of this Schedule, shall have effect subject to any express provision of the scheme or order.

(2) If any difficulty or question arises as to such application or as to the effect of anything given or done under the said provisions, it shall be determined by directions of the Commissioners given under their seal.

13. Any right of patronage created under any of the repealed provisions shall continue to be incapable of sale and any transfer thereof for valuable consideration shall be void.

14. For the purposes of this Schedule, a scheme or order shall be deemed to be pending at the commencement of this Measure if it has at least reached the following stage of the procedure applicable to that scheme or order, that is to say:—

(a) the giving of notice of the scheme by the Commissioners

under section 83 of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act 1840 c. 113.

1840;

(b) the forwarding of provisional proposals or the transmission

of proposals or a report by the bishop to the Commissioners

under section 8 of the Union of Benefices Act 1860, section 4 1860 c. 142.

of the Union of Benefices Measure 1923, section 5(1) of the 1923 No. 2.

Reorganisation Areas Measure 1944 or section 3(4) of the 1944 No. 1.

Pastoral Reorganisation Measure 1949, as the case may be; 1949 No. 3.

(c) the serving of copies of a draft scheme under section 1(5) 1943 No. 1.

or section 23(3) of the New Parishes Measure 1943; or

Pastoral Measure 1968

2526

Sch. 8 1949 No. 3.

1889 c. 63. 1925 No. 1.

Section 95.

No. 1

(d) the making of a request by the bishop for an order under section 12(1) of the Pastoral Reorganisation Measure 1949.

15. Nothing in this Schedule shall be taken as prejudicing the application of section 38 of the Interpretation Act 1889 as applied by the Interpretation Measure 1925.

SCHEDULE 9

Acts and Mbasurbs Rbpbaled

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1 & 2 Vict, c. 106. The Pluralities Act 1838 Sections 2 to 27, in section 95 the words from " every curate shall quit* to "and in all other cases *, and section 106.

3 & 4 Vict, c. 113. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840. Sections 32, 71, 72 and 74.

4 & 5 Vict, c. 39. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act 1841. Sections 3 and 10.

5 & 6 Vict, c. 108. The Ecclesiastical Leasing Act 1842. Sections 12 and 13.

13 & 14 Vict. The Pluralities Act 1850 Sections 4, 7,8 and 11.

c. 98.

17 & 18 Vict, c. 84. The Augmentation of Benefices Act 1854. Section 8.

21 & 22 Vict, c. 57. The Ecclesiastical Leasing Act 1858. Section 10.

23 & 24 Vict, c. 142. The Union of Benefices Act 1860. The whole Act.

28 & 29 Vict, c. 42. The District Church Tithes Act 1865. The whole Act.

34 & 35 Vict, c. 90. The Union of Benefices Acts Amendment Act 1871. The whole Act.

35 & 36 Vict c. 14. The Diocesan Boundaries Act 1872. The whole Act.

37 & 38 Vict, c. 63. The Archdeaconries and Rural Deaneries Act 1874. The whole Act.

50 & 51 Vict. The Pluralities Act 1887 The whole Act.

c. 68.

61 & 62 Vict, c. 23. The Union of Benefices Act 1898. The whole Act.

14 A15 Geo. 5. No. 2. The Union of Benefices Measure 1923. The whole Measure.

20 A 21 Geo. 5. No. 7. The Pluralities Measure 1930. The whole Measure.

26 Geo. 5. and 1 Edw. 8. No. 2. The Union of Benefices (Amendment) Measure 1936. The whole Measure.

26 Geo. 5. and 1 Edw. 8. No. 5. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Measure 1936. Section 4.

Pastoral Measure 1968

No. 1

2527

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1 & 2 Geo. 6. The Ecclesiastical Com- Section 5 and subsection (1) of

No. 4. missioners (Powers) Measure 1938. section 8.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. No. I. The Diocesan Reorganisation Committees Measure 1941. The whole Measure.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. The New Parishes Mea- Sections 1 to 12. sections 22 to

No. 1. sure 1943. 27. and section 30.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. No. 1. The Reorganisation Areas Measure 1944 The whole Measure.

12. 13 & 14 Geo. 6. No. 3. The Pastoral Reorganisation Measure 1949. The whole Measure.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. xxxviii. The City of London (Guild Churches) Act 1952. Section 27.

1 Eliz. 2. No. 1. The Union of Benefices (Disused Churches) Measure 1952. The whole Measure

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. No. 2. The Diocesan Stipends Funds Measure 1953. Section 6.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. No. 5. The Benefices (Suspension of Presentation) Measure 1953. The whole Measure.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. No. 2. The Reorganisation Areas Measure 1944 (Amendment) Measure 1954. The whole Measure.

13 & 14 Eliz. 2. No. 2. The Benefices (Suspension of Presentation) (Continuance) Measure 1965. The whole Measure.

Prayer Book (Further Provisions) Measure 1968 No. 2

2529

1968 No. 2

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England to make further provision for amending the Book of Common Prayer and certain enactments relating to that Book ana to the burial service.

[18th December 1968]

1.—(1) At the end of the Rubric or Order in the Book of Authorisation Common Prayer headed " The Order for Morning and Evening Prayer " there shall be added the following paragraph:— Morning or

"Readers and such other lay persons as may bepj'fning authorised by the Bishop of the diocese may. at the read invitation of the Minister of the parish or, where the Cure lessons, is vacant, or the Minister is incapacitated, at the invitation of the Churchwardens, say or sing Morning or Evening Prayer (save for the Absolution); and in case of need, where no clerk in Holy Orders or Reader or lay person authorised as aforesaid is available, the Minister or Sailing him) the Churchwardens shall arrange for some suitable lay person to say or sing Morning or Evening Prayer (save for the Absolution)."

(2) In the Order for Morning Prayer and the Order for Evening Prayer in the Book of Common Prayer the following rubric shall be inserted immediately after the Absolution:—

" If no priest be present the person saying the Service shall read the Collect for the Twenty-First Sunday after Trinity, that person and the people still kneeling."

(3) The functions of the Bishop under the paragraph added by subsection (1) hereof may be performed by a person appointed by him for the purpose, being a suffragan or assistant bishop or archdeacon of the diocese.

(4) The saying or singing of Morning or Evening Prayer in accordance with the said paragraph shall, for the purposes of section 1 of the Act of Uniformity 1662 (which requires Ministers 1662 c. 4. and curates to read Morning and Evening Prayers in all churches), be deemed to be a reading by the Minister of the parish.

(5) Nothing in the Book of Common Prayer shall be taken as preventing the reading of any lesson by a lay person.

2530

No. 2 Prayer Book ( Further Provisions) Measure 1968

Administration of Sacrament and reading of Epistle by authorised lay persons.

1662 c. 4

Amendments of Baptism Rubrics.

2. —(1) Notwithstanding section 10 of the Act of Uniformity 1662 and the directions contained in the Book of Common Prayer relating to the Administration of the Lord’s Supper or Holy Communion, a lay person specially authorised by the Bishop under regulations made by the Convocation of the Province with the concurrence of the Church Assembly may distribute the Holy Sacrament of the Lord's Supper to the people.

The functions of the Bishop under this subsection may be performed by a person appointed by him for the purpose, being a suffragan or assistant bishop or archdeacon of the diocese.

(2) Notwithstanding any such direction as aforesaid but subject to the general directions of the Bishop, (he Epistle and the Gospel may at the invitation of the Minister be read by a lay person at the celebration of the Holy Communion.

3. —(1) For the Introductory Rubric to the Ministration of Public Baptism of Infants contained in the Book of Common Prayer the following rubric shall be substituted:—

" Due notice, normally of at least a week, shall be given before a child is brought to the church to be baptized.

For every child to be baptized there shall be not fewer than three godparents, of whom at least two shall be of the same sex as the child and of whom at least one shall be of the opposite sex; save that, when three cannot conveniently be had, one godfather and one godmother shall suffice. Parents may be godparents for their own children provided that the child shall have at least one other godparent The godparents shall be persons who have been baptized and confirmed and will faithfully fulfil their responsibilities both by their care for the child committed to their charge and by the example of their own godly living. Nevertheless die Minister shall have power to dispense with the requirement of confirmation in any case in which in his judgment need so requires.

The Minister shall instruct the parents or guardians of an infant to be admitted to Holy Baptism that the same responsibilities rest on them as are in the service of Holy Baptism required of the godparents.

No Minister shall refuse or, save for the purpose of preparing or instructing the parents or guardians or godparents, delay to baptize any infant within his cure that is brought to the church to be baptized, provided that due notice has been given and the provisions relating to godparents are observed. If the Minister shall refuse or unduly delay to baptize any such infant, the parents or guardians may apply to the Bishop of the diocese who shall, after consultation with the Minister, give such directions as he thinks fit.

Prayer Book ( Further Provisions) Measure 1968 No. 2

2531

The Minister, before proceeding to the Baptism, shall have satisfied himself that the child presented to him has not already been baptised.

At the time appointed the godfathers and godmothers and the parents or guardians with the child must be ready at the Font, and the Priest coming to the Font (which is then to be filled with pure Water), and standing there, shall proceed as follows."

(2) The first paragraph of the Introductory Rubric to the Ministration of Private Baptism of Children (which provides for admonishing the people not to defer the baptism of their children longer than the first or second Sunday after their birth) shall be omitted; and at the beginning of the second paragraph thereof for the words " And also they shall warn them " there shall be substituted the words " The Minister of every parish shall warn die people", and the word "like" shall be omitted.

(3) For the Introductory Rubric for the Ministration of Baptism to Such as are of Riper Years there shall be substituted the following rubric:—

" When any such person as is of riper years and able to answer for himself is to be baptized, the Minister shall instruct such person, or cause him to be instructed, in the principles of the Christian religion, and exhort him so to prepare himself with prayers and fasting that he may receive this Holy Sacrament with repentance and faith.

At least a week before any such baptism is to take place, the Minister shall give notice thereof to the Bishop of the Diocese or whomsoever he shall appoint for the purpose.

The person to be baptized shall choose three, or at least two, to be his sponsors, who shall be ready to present him at the Font and afterwards put him in mind of Ids Christian profession and duties. No person shall be admitted to be a sponsor who has not been baptized and confirmed. Nevertheless the Minister shall have power to dispense with the requirement of confirmation in any case in which in his judgment need so requires.

At the time appointed, the sponsors shall be ready to present die person to be baptized at the Font, and standing there the Priest shall ask whether the person presented be baptized or no, and if he shall answer. No, then shall the Priest say thus ".

4.—(1) The Convocations of Canterbury and York may Authorisation authorise with the concurrence of the House of Laity a Table of of Tables and Rules for regulating the Service when two Holy Days fall upon ^~^gula" the same day or their Proper Services otherwise fall together, or service in when Services are required for Sundays after Trinity, and any certain cases.

2532

No. 2 Prayer Book (Further Provisions) Measure

Amendment of burial service used in certain cases.

1880 c. 41.

1965 No. 1.

Extent.

[Short Title.]

Table and Rules so authorised shall be included in the Book of Common Prayer immediately after "A Table of the Vigils. Fasts and Days of Abstinence, to be observed in the year", and shall have effect notwithstanding anything in any other Table or Rules in the said Book.

(2) Where a Table and Rules are included in the Book of Common Prayer under this section, the Convocations of Canterbury and York may authorise with the concurrence of the House of Laity amendments of the said Table and Rules or the substitution therefor of a new Table and Rules for regulating the matters aforesaid, and the amendments or substitution so authorised shall be made in the Book of Common Prayer.

(3) In this section the expression "Holy Day" means the Days set out in " A Table of all the Feasts " in the Book of Common Prayer and such other Days as the said Convocations consider should be included in any Table and Rules authorised under this section.

5. Section 13 of the Burial Laws Amendment Act 1880 (which authorises the use of a burial service prescribed or approved of by the Ordinary in cases where the Office for the burial of the dead in the Book of Common Prayer may not be used, and in other cases at the request of the person responsible for the burial of the deceased) shall have effect as if the reference to the said Office included a reference to any form of service available for the burial of suicides and approved under the Prayer Book (Alternative and Other Services) Measure 1965, and as if the words " consisting of prayers taken from the Book of Common Prayer and portions of Holy Scriptures " were omitted:

Provided that a burial service so prescribed or approved shall be neither contrary to, nor indicative of any departure from, the doctrines of the Church of England.

6. This Measure shall extend to the whole of the Provinces of Canterbury and York except the Channel Islands:

Provided that this Measure may be applied to the Channel Islands as defined in the Channel Islands (Church Legislation) Measures 1931 and 1957 or either of them in accordance with those Measures.

7. This Measure may be cited as the Prayer Book (Further Provisions) Measure 1968.

TABLE V

Tables of the Derivations of the Consolidation Acts of 1968

CONTENTS

Page

Capital Allowances Act (c. 3) ii

Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act (c. 20) xiii

Criminal Appeal Act (c. 19) xvi

Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act (c. 21) xix

Export Guarantees Act (c. 26) xxii

Firearms Act (c. 27) xxiii

Housing (Financial Provisions) Scotland Act (c. 31) ... xxvi

New Towns (Scotland) Act (c. 16) xxxii

Provisional Collection of Taxes Act (c. 2) xxxvii

Rent Act (c. 23) xxxviii

4 N

ii

Table of Derivations

THE CAPITAL ALLOWANCES ACT 1968 (c. 3)

Note: The following abbreviations are used in this Table:—

1952 a. T.) — The Income Tax Act 1952 (15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 10.

1952 =■ The Finance Act 1952 (15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 33.

1953 The Finance Act 1953 (1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 34.

1954 ■=» The Finance Act 1954 (2 &3 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

1956 ■=■ The Finance Act 1956 (4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 54.

1957 = The Finance Act 1957 (5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 49.

1958 = The Finance Act 1958 (6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 56.

1959 The Finance Act 1959 (7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 58.

1960 «= The Finance Act 1960 (8 & 9 Eliz. 2 c. 44.

1961 = Hie Finance Act 1961 (9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 36.

1962 (T) = The Transport Act 1962 (10 & 11 Eliz. 2 c. 46.

1963 = Hie Finance Act 1963 (1963 c. 25.

1964 (M) — The Income Tax Management Act 1964 (1964 c. 37.

1965 ( & T) — The Science and Technology Act 1965 (1965 c. 4.

1965 = The Finance Act 1965 (1965 c. 25.

1966 — The Finance Act 1966 (1966 c. 18.

1967 *= The Finance Act 1967 (1967 c. 54.

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

KD (2) (3) (4) (6) 1952 (I.T.) s. 265(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5). 1952 (I.T.) s. 265(1); 1958 s. 15(1). 1952 (I.T.) s. 265(2). 1952 (I.T.) s. 265(3); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(3X5). 1952 (I.T.) s. 265(5). 1952 (I.T.) s. 265(6).

3 1952 (I.T.) s. 266(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X4X5). 1952 (I.T.) s. 266(1); 1963 s. 34; 1965 Sch. XIV 3. 1965 Sch. XIV 5. 1952 (I.T.) s. 266(3); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X4X5).

Table of Derivations

CAPITAL ALLOWANCES ACT—

ill

Section of

1968 Act

Derivation

10

11

1952 (I T.) *. 267(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(3), 6(1).

1952 (I.T.) s. 267(2).

1952 (I.T.) s. 267(3).

1965 Sch. XIV 6(2).

1952 (I.T.) 8. 267(5); 1964 (M) 8. 3(2).

1952 (LT.) s. 267(6); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2), 6(3).

1952 (LT.) 8. 268(1).

1952 (LT.) s. 268(2).

1952 Q.T.) s. 268(3); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5).

1952 (I T.) s. 268(4); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5), 23(3).

1965 Sch. XIV 7(1).

1965 Sch. XIV 7(3).

1952 (LT.) s. 268(6H9).

1954 s. 21(1X5X7); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5).

1952 (LT.) s. 268(10); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2), 7(2).

1952 (LT.) 8. 269.

1952 (LT.) s. 270(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(6).

1952 (LT.) s. 270(2).

1952 (LT.) s. 270(3); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(4X5).

1952 (I T.) s. 270(4).

1952 (LT.) s. 270(6); 1963 Sch. Xn 10; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5). 1952 (LT.) s. 270 (5); 1965 s. 56(4).

1952 (LT.) 8.271(1); 1952 8.25(1); 1953 s. 17(1); 1957 8. 17.

1952 (LT.) s. 271(2M5).

1953 s. 17(2).

1952 s. 25(3).

1957 s. 17 proviso.

1965 Sch. XIV 8.

1953 s. 18; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(7).

1956 s. 16(3).

1952 (LT.) 8. 272.

1952 (LT.) s. 273; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2).

1952 (LT.) s. 274(1).

1952 (IT.) s. 274(2); 1965 s. 56(4), Sch. XIV 2(2); 1967 s. 21(4X«). 1952 (LT.) s. 274(3); 1953 s. 19(9); 1965 Sch. XIV 4.

1952 (LT.) s. 274(1).

1952 (LT.) s. 275.

1952 (LT.) s. 276(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5), 9.

1952 (LT.) s. 276(2); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5).

1952 (LT.) s. 323(3); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5), 6(4).

1965 Sch. XIV 27(2).

1965 Sch. XIV 6(5).

1952 (LT.) s. 3330).

1952 (LT.) ss. 277(2), 333(1).

1952 (LT.) s. 278(1X6); 1956 s. 16(2).

1956 s. 16(2).

1956 s. 16(3) proviso.

1952 (LT.) s. 278.

4 N 2

iv Table of Derivations

CAPITAL ALLOWANCES A

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

'1 1 1952 a.T.) s. 279(1); 1957 8.16(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(3)(4X5). 1958 s. 15(2). 1965 s. 13(1X2); 1966 s. 37. 1952 (LT.) s. 279(2); 19638.42(2); 1966 s. 37(3); 1967 s. 21(4X</). 1952 (I.T.) s. 279(3); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(6). 1952 a.T.) s. 279(4); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(6). 1957 s. 16(2).

19(0 1 1952 a.T.) 8. 280; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X4X5). 1965 8. 63(1X2). 1965 Sch. XIV 3. 1963 ss. 35(1), 42(3).

| 1952 (LT.) ». 281(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5). 1952 (LT.) 8. 281(2X3). 1963 8. 35(3). 1952 a.T.) 8. 281 (1XW3). 1952 a.T.) s. 281(4). 1952 a.T.) ss. 281(2) proviso, 282(2) proviso; 1963 s. 35(4X6). 1952 a.T.) s. 281(6).

21(1) (2) 1 1952 a.T.) s. 282(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5). 1952 (I.T.) s. 282(2). 1963 s. 35(3X6). 1952 (I.T.) s. 282(1X6X2). 1952 (I.T.) s. 282(3). 1952 (I.T.) s. 282(4). 1952 (I.T.) s. 282(5); 1964 (M) s. 3(2); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5). 1952 (I.T.) s. 282(6).

i 1952 a.T.) s. 283(1); 1963 8. 35(10); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5). 1952 a.T.) s. 283(2). 1952 a.T.) s. 283(3).

23 1952 a.T.) 8. 284; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5).

1 1952 a.T.) s. 285; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5). 1963 s. 35(1X7); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5), 11(6). 1952 a.T.) s. 285; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5). 1963 s. 35(9). 1963 8. 35(11).

25 1952 a-T.) s. 286; 1963 8.41(5); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5X6); 1967 8.21(4X6).

26(11 (7) 1952 a.T.) s. 287(1). 1952 a.T.) 8. 287(2X6). 1952 a.T.) s. 287(3); 1965 Sch. XIV 11. 1952 (I.T.) s. 287(4). 1952 a.T.) 8. 287(5). [Construction.] 1952 a.T.) s. 287(2); 1960 s. 30.

27 1952 a*T.) s. 288; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5).

"8! 1952 a.T.) s. 289(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X4)(5X6). 1952 a.T.) s. 289(2); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2).

"8! 1952 a.T.) s. 290(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X4X5X6). 1952 a.T.) s. 290(2); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2).

3(KD (2) (3) 1952 a.T.) s. 291(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5), 12(1). 1952 a.T.) s. 291(2); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2)(5), 12dX«X6). 1952 a.T.) s. 291(3); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5).

Table of Derivations

CAPITAL ALLOWANCES ACT—cont.

V

Section of

1968 Act

Derivation

31(1

32(1)

L

33(1)

(2)

1?

T8

35 & 36(1) (3)

37

38

39

40(1)

:4)

(2)

(3)

41

42

43(i;

(2

(3!

44

1

47

1965 s. 14(1).

1965 s. 14(4Xa).

1961 s. 23(1); 1963 8. 41(1X3); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5), 3.

1963 s. 41(3X«); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2).

[Formal.]

1961 a. 27(1H5).

1952 (LT.) s. 292(1); 1952 Sch. VI 1(1); 1954 Sch. H 6; 1965 Sch.XIV2(2X3X5); 1967 8.21(3).

1952 Sch. VI 20X2), 4(1).

1952 Q.T.) s. 292(2).

1952 (IT.) s. 292(3).

1952 a.T.) s. 292(4); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2).

1952 Sch. VI 1(1) proviso.

1952 (LT.) s. 292(3).

1952 Sch. VI 3(1).

1952 Sch. VI 3(2).

1952 Sch. VI 4(2).

1952 Sch. VI 2(2), 4(1).

1952 Sch. VI 5; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2).

1952 Sch. VI 6; 1964 (M) 8. 3(2).

1954 8. 21(2X7).

1954 s. 21(5).

1954 s. 21(7).

1952 (LT.) s. 293; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(6).

1952 (LT.) s. 294; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(6).

1952 (LT.) s. 295; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5), 12(2).

1952 (LT.) 8. 296(1); 1954 Sch. H 7; 1964 (M) 8. 3(2); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2); 1967 8.21(3).

1952 (LT.) s. 296(2); 1964 (M) s. 3(2); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5). 1954 s. 21(6).

1952 (LT.) s. 297; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2), 13.

1952 (I.T.)s. 298; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5); 1967 8.21(4Xc).

1952 a.T.) 8. 299; 1964 (M) Sch. IV.

1965 8.14(2).

1965 s. 14(3).

1952 Sch. VI10; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(6).

1952 a.T.) s. 300.

1952 a-T.) s. 301(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(6).

1952 a.T.) s. 301(2).

1952 a-T.) 8. 301(3); 1965 8. 56(4).

1952 a.T.) 88. 302, 328(3); 1952 Sch. VI 13; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5).

1952 a.T.) s. 328(1); 1953 s. 19(9); 1965 Sch. XIV 4.

1952 s. 24, Sch. VI 7; 1964 (M) s. 3(2).

1952 a.T.) s. 328(2); 1952 Sch. VI 12(2).

1952 Sch. VI 12(1).

1952 a.T.) 8. 328.

1952 a.T.) s. 328(1); 1952 Sch. VI9,12(2).

4 N 3

VI

Table of Derivations

CAPITAL ALLOWANCES ACT—cont.

Section of

1968 Act

Derivation

1952 Q.T.) s. 333(1).

1952 (I.T.)s. 303; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2).

1952 (I.T.) ss. 282(5), 288(1), 292(4), 296(2), 297(c), 302(2), 303.

1952 s. 20(3X4).

1952 a.T.) s. 304; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5), 14.

58(1)

60(1)

(2M4)

6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

(10) (ID (12)

[Introductory.]

1952 (LT.) s. 305(1).

1952 (I T.) s. 305(1) proviso.

1952 (I.T.) s. 305(1) proviso (iii); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5).

1952 s. 20(1).

1952s.20(2); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5).

1952 (I.T.) s. 310(1).

1952 (I.T.) s. 310(6); 1952 s. 21(3); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5). 1952 (I.T.) s. 310(7); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(7).

1952 (I.T.) s. 310(8); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2).

1952 s. 21(1).

1952 s. 21(2); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5).

1952 s. 21(4); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2).

1954 s. 21(3X7).

1954 s. 21(5).

1954 s. 21(7).

1952 (I.T.) s. 306; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(3).

1952 (LT.) s. 306; 1953 s. 16(3).

1952 (LT.) s. 307(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2M4).

1952 (I.T.) s. 307(2); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(4), 3.

1952 (LT.) s. 307(2); 1965 Sch. XIV 3.

1952 (LT.) s. 307(3); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X4), 16.

1952 Q.T.) s. 307(1X4); 1964 (M) Sch. IV.

1952 (LT.) s. 307(5); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X4X5).

1952 (LT.) s. 308(1).

1952 a.T.) s. 308(2); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(3).

1952 a.T.) s. 308(3); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(3).

1952 (LT.) s. 308(4); 1964 (M) Sch. IV.

1952 a.T.) s. 308(5).

1952 (LT.) s. 308(6).

1952 (I.T.) s. 308(1X7); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2).

1952 a.T.) s. 309(2).

1963 s. 37(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2), 18(1).

1963 s. 37(2H4); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X4X5).

1963 s. 37(5).

1963 s. 37(6).

1963 s. 37(7); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X4X5).

1963 s. 37(9).

1963 s. 37(10); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(4X5).

1963 s. 37(11); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5).

1952 a.T.) s. 325(2); 1963 s. 37(12X13X6).

1952 a.T.) Sch. XIV 2; 1963 s. 37(13X<0.

1952 s. 22(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 17(2).

1952 s. 22(2); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(7).

1952 s. 22(3); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(3)(5), 17(3).

1952 s. 22(4).

1952 8. 19; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(7).

Table of Derivations

CAPITAL ALLOWANCES A

vii

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

63 1952 (LT.) s. 311.

64 1952 (LT.) a. 309(1); 1963 8.42(4).

65(1) (2) 1952 (LT.) ss. 31<X2Xa), 333(1); 1952 Sch. V 1,2(a). 1952 (LT.) s. 305(2).

66 1952 (LT.) s. 312; 1963 s. 37(8); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(6).

67(1) (3) 1956 s. 17(1): 1965 Sch. XIV 10(1); 1967 s. 21(1). 1956 s. 17(2X13); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5). 1956 s. 17(3); 1965 Sch. XIV 4,10(2). 1956 s. 17(4); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(6). 1956 8. 17(5H7).

(9) (10) (11) 1956 s. 17(8); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X3). 1956 8.17(9). 1956 s. 17(10). 1956 s. 17(11); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5), 10(3).

" 1 1952 (LT.) s. 314(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 19(2). 1952 (LT.) s. 314(5). 1952 Q.T.) s. 314(2). 1952 (LT.) 8. 314(4); 1965 Sch. XIV 19(3). 1952 (LT.) 8. 314(4). 1952 (LT.) s. 314(7); 1964<M) s. 3(2); 1965 Sch. XIV 19(4).

69 1952 (LT.) 8. 315; 1963 Sch. XH 12.

70(1) (Introductory.] 1952 (LT.) s. 323(1).

1' 1952 a.T.) 8. 323(1); 1963 s. 37(13X«); 1964(M) Sch. IV. 1952 (LT.) s. 323(2). 1954 8. 20. 1952 (LT.) s. 323(4). 1952 (LT.) 8. 323(5X6).

71(1) 8 1952 (LT.) s. 324(1); 1958 Sch. VI 2. 1954 s. 20(8). 1964(M) Sch. H.

72 1952 a-T.) 88. 325, 333(5).

73 1965 8.56(1X2).

74(1) 1965 8. 56(3). 1965 s. 56(5); 1967 8. 21(2).

1 1965 s. 56(6); 1967 8.21(2). 1965 8. 56(7). 1966 Sch. VI 11(3).

is 1965 Sch. XIV 1(5). 1965 Sch. XIV 1(5). 1965 Sch. XIV 27(2).

76 1965 s. 63(3).

"T» 1952 O.T.) 8. 326(1M3). 1952 a.T.) 8. 326(4); 1952 Sch. V 6; 1963 8. 37(13Xc).

1 1952 a.T.) 8. 327(1). 1952 a-T.) 8. 327(2). 1963 s. 37(13Xd).

4 N 4

viii Table of Derivations CAPITAL ALLOWANCES ACT—cont.

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

79(1) (3) (4) 1952 (LT.) s. 328(1); 1953 ». 19(9); 1965 Sch. XTV 4. 1952 Q.T.) 8. 328(2). 1952 (LT.) 8.328(3). 1952 0.7.) as. 328(1), 333(1); 1952 Sch. V 2(a). 1952 (LT.) 8.482(1X5). 1952 s. 482(2).

\l 8, 1952 8.482(3); 1965 Sch. XV 6. 1952 s. 482(4); Electricity Act 1957 s. 24. 1962(D s. 42(4). 1952 (LT.) s. 329(1): 1965 Sch. XIV 2(7), 24(1X0. 1952 (LT.) 8. 329(2).

(3) (3) 83(1) [Commencement.] 1952 (LT.) $. 330(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 24(lXc). 1965 a. 15(lXc). 1952 (LT.) s. 330(2). 1966 s. 35(3).

(2) ll 1966 8. 35(3X4). 1966 8. 35(5). 1966 8. 35(3). [Commencement.]

84(1) (2) 1952 a*T.) 8. 332(1). 1952 (LT.) 8. 332(2).

(3) 1 1952 (LT.) 8. 332(1); 1956 s. 17(9); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2). 1952 (LT.) s. 332(3); 1952 Sch. VI14; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2). 1957 s. 16(3X4). 1963 s. 40. 1952 (LT.) 8. 332(3). 1952 (LT.) as. 332(3), 333(1); 1952 Sch. V 2(a).

86 1952 (LT.) 8. 333(1); 1952 Sch. VI8; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2).

87(1) (2) (3) (4) 1952 (LT.) ss. 331(1), 333(1); 1965 8. 89(2X*), Sch. XIV l(2X3XO. 1965 Sch. XIV 1(4). 1952 (LT.) s. 331(5); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2). 1952 0.7.)8. 333(2). 1952 Sch. VIII,13.

(6) (7) (8) (9) 1952 0.7.)s. 333(3). 1952 (LT.) s. 333(4); 1965 Sch. XIV 4. 1957 Sch. IV 4(1X2). 1965 Sch. XIV 27(1X3).

88 1952 (LT.) s. 334.

89 1952 0.7.)8. 331(1H4).

90 1952 (LT.) s. 335; 1965 (. & T.) Sch. II; 1965 Sch. XIV 22.

91(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) 1952 0.7.)s. 336(1); 1963 s. 36(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5X6). 1965 Sch. XIV 23(1). 1952 0.7.)s. 336(2K5); 1963 s. 36(1X2). 1952 0-7.)s. 336(4). 1963 s. 36(1 )(2); 1965 Sch. XIV 23(1).

92(1) (2) (4) s 1952 0.7.) 8. 337(2); 1963 s. 36(3). 1952 a.T.) s. 337(2); 1963 8. 36(3); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5). 1952 (LT.) s. 337(2); 1963 s. 36(3); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5X6). 1952 0.7.)s. 337(2)(3); 1954 8. 21(4); 1963 s. 36(3); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(5X6). 1952 a.T.) s. 337(2); 1963 s. 36(3). 1963 s. 36(3).

Tabic of Derivations

CAPITAL ALLOWANCES ACT—cont.

IX

Section of

1968 Act

Derivation

94(1)

99(1)

(2)

100(1)

1 Sch. 1 para. 1(1)

3

(4)

Sch. 2

p#ra- %

1952 a.T.) s. 339(1).

1952 a.T.) s. 339(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5).

1954 s. 21(5).

1952 a.T.) 8. 340(1).

1965 Sch. XIV1 (2X3X6).

1965 Sch. XIV 1(4).

1952 a-T.) 8. 340(1); 1965 Sch. XIV 4.

1952 a*T.) 8. 337(4).

1952 a.T.) 8. 339(2); 1965 8. 56(2), Sch. XIV 24(2). 1952 O.T.) 8. 339(2).

1952 (I.T.) 8. 339(3).

1952 a.T.) 8. 482(3).

1957 Sch. IV 4(1X2); 1965 Sch. XIV 27(1X3).

1952 (LT.) s. 340(2).

1952 a-T.) 8. 340(3).

1952 (I.T.) 8. 340(4); 1965 (. & T.) Sch. IL

[Commencement and repeals.]

[Continuity.]

[Construction of existing Acts and documents.]

[Construction of future enactments.]

1965 s. 63(2).

[Short title.]

1965 ss. 56(1). 63(1).

[Construction].

Construction].

[Introductory.]

1959 Sch. V 3 (3) 1959 Sch. IV 5(d).

1954 Sch. H 2; 1959 Sch. IV 7.

1954 Sch. n 5(1XcX2).

1954 s. 16(3).

1954 Sch. n 1(4).

1954 Sch. H 2.

1954 s. 16(9).

1954 Sch. n 4.

1959 s. 21(6).

1961 s. 27(1M4).

1961 ss. 23(1). 27(5); 1963 s. 41(1).

1963 s. 41(2).

1963 s. 41(3X6); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X5). 1963 s. 41(4); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X4X7).

4 N*

X

Table of Derivations

CAPITAL ALLOWANCES ACT—

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

5 1963 s. 41(5); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2X7).

6 1963 s. 41(6); 1965 Sch. XIV 3.

7 1963 s. 41(7); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2).

80) (2) (3) 1961 s. 24. 1961 s. 27(6). 1961 s. 27(7).

9(1) 3 1961s. 25; 1963 s. 41(8). 1963 s. 41(9); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(7). 1961 s. 27(1H4).

,0$ 1961 s. 26(1X4). 1961 s. 27(1).

il 1957 Sch. m 4; 1961 s. 27(4); 1963 s. 41(11X12).

Sch. 3 1957 Sch. m.

Sch.4

para. 1(1) (4) [Saving.] 1963 s. 35(4X6). 1952 (LT.) ss. 281(2) proviso, 282(2) proviso. 1952 (LT.) s. 281(4X5).

li 1963 s. 35(1). 1963s.35(2); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2). 1963s.35(2X6); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2). 1963 s. 35(2X3X5X6); 1965 Sch. XIV 2(2). 1963 8. 35(5X6).

1 1963 s. 35(9). 1963 s. 35(8). 1963 8. 42(3).

Sch. 5

para. 1 1952 Sch. VI, 3; 1964 (M) Sch. IV.

2(1) 3 1952 Sch. V 1, 4(1); 1964 (M) Sch. IV. 1952 Sch. V 1,4(2). 1952 Sch. V 1,4(3).

1952 (LT.) s. 310(3X4). 1952 (LT.) s. 310(5).

4 1952 Sch. V 1, 5.

5 Provisos in 1952 (LT.) s. 310(3X4); 1952 Sch. V 5(1).

Sch. 6

para. 1-5 1952 (LT.) Sch. XH 1-5.

1952 Sch. V 1, 2(cX<0. 1952 (l.T.)s.310(2XcX</).

7-9 1952 (LT.) Sch. XII 6-8.

10 1952 (LT.) 8. 310(2X6); 1952 Sch. V 1,7(b).

Section of 1968 Act

Sch.7

para. 1(1)

(2)

3(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

4(1)

(2)

(3)

Sch. 8

para. 1 2

3

4

5

6

7

8 9

10

Sch.9

para. 1 2

3

4

Sch. 10 para. 1(1)

(5)

"8

i

3(1)

(2)

(3)

4(1)

(2)

(3)

Sch. 11 Sch. 12 para. 3^2)

(4)

Table of Derivations xi

CAPITAL ALLOWANCES ACT—cortt.

Derivation

1952 (LT.) Sch. XIV 1.

1954 s. 23(a) and proviso.

1952 (I.T.) Sch. XIV 2; 1965 Sch. XIV 2(7).

1952 (LT.) Sch. XIV 3(1); 1954 s. 23(6).

1952 (LT.) Sch. XIV 3(2); 1958 s. 15(2Kc).

1958*• 15(2X5X6);

1952 a*T.) s. 333(1), Sch. XIV 3(3).

1952 a.T.) Sch. XIV 4(1); 1954 s. 23(6); 1964 (M) s. 3(2).

1952 a.T.) Sch. XIV 4(2).

1954 s. 23(a).

1952 Q.T.) Sch. XXD Part 11.

1952 (LT.) s. 482(1), Sch. XXII Part m 1.

1952 (LT.) Sch. XXII Part HI 2.

1952 (LT.) Sch. XXII Part m 3.

1952 (LT.) Sch. XXII Part HI 5.

1952 a.T.) Sch. XXII Part HI 6.

1952 a.T.) Sch. XXII Part IE 7.

1952 (I.T.) Sch. XXII Part HI 9.

1952 a.T.) Sch. XXII Part HI 10.

1962 (T.) s. 42(1X2X3); .1.1962/2634; 1965 Sch. XWJ2(5X7), 25.

1952 a.T.) Sch. XV 1.

1952 a.T.) Sch. XV 2; 1965 Sch. XIV 24(3X«). 1952 a.T.) Sch. XV 3; 1965 Sch. XIV 24(3X«. 1952 a-T.) Sch. XV 4.

[Introductory.]

1952 Q.T.) s. 336(1); 1965 1952 (LT.) s. 336(11.

1952 a.T.) s. 336(2)-<4). 1952 a-T.) s. 336(4).

1952 a-T.) s. 337(1); 1965 1952 a.T.) s. 337(2); 1965 1952 a.T.) s. 337(3).

1954 s. 21(4).

Sch. XIV 2(6).

Sch. XIV 2(5X6). Sch. XIV 2(5X6).

[Introductory.]

1965 Sch. XIV 2(4X5).

1965 Sch. XIV 23(2).

1952 a.T.) ss. 336(1), 337(1). 1952 a.T.) s. 338(1).

1952 a.T.) s. 338(2).

[Repeals.]

[Consequential amendments.]

1965 321(2)’ 330(1)’ Sch*307 4<,X«)» W. 27(2). 1952 (i.TO s. 333(1).

4 N* 2

xii Table of Derivations

CAPITAL ALLOWANCES ACT—cont.

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

1965 8. 56(8). 1965 8. 56(3X8).

(3) 1965 s. 56(4X8).

5(2) (3) 1954 s. 16(2X«X (3X«). (4X6). (6X6); 1959 8. 21(4)00; 1965 Scfa. XIV 1(«. 1966 s. 35(3H5).

Table of Derivations

xiii

THE COURTS-MARTIAL (APPEALS) ACT 1968 (c. 20)

Note: The following abbreviations are used in this Table-

1951 — The Courts-Martial (Appeals) Act 1951 (c. 46) as amended

by .L 1964 No. 488.

1960 — The Administration of Justice Act 1960 (c. 65)

1964c. 43 - The Criminal Appeal Act 1964 (c.43)

1964 c. 84 — The Criminal Procedure (Insanity) Act 1964 (c. 84)

1966 - The Criminal Appeal Act 1966 (c. 31)

1967 - The Criminal Justice Act 1967 (c. 80)

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

1 1951 ss. 1(1), 2(6), 7(1), 8(1); 1966 Sch. 1 pan. 4.

2 1951 s. 1(1H3), (6); 1966 Sch. 1 para. 1.

3 1966 Sch. 1 pan. 2.

4 1951 s. 20H3).

5 1951 s. 2(1), (4).

6 1966 Sch. 1 para. 3.

7 1951 s. 1(4M6).

8 1951 s. 3(1), (2), (4); 1967 Sch. 4 pan. 16.

9 1951 s. 4(1M3), (5).

10 1951 s. 4(4).

11 1951 s. 4(6),(7).

12 1951 s. 5(1),(2); 1966 Sch. 1 pan. 5.

13 1951 s. 6(1).

14 1951 s. 6(2).

15 1951 s. 6(3).

16 1951 s. 6(4); 1964 c. 84 Sch. 2 Part m.

17 1951 s. 6(5).

18 1951 s. 16; 1960 Sch. 3.

19 1964 c. 43 Sch. 1 paras. 1-4.

20 1964 c. 43 Sch. 1 paras. 3, 5, 6,7.

21 1951 s. 13A(1), (2); 1964 c. 84 Sch. 2 Part m.

22 1951 s. 13A(3); 1964 c. 84 Sch. 2 Part UL

23 1951 s. 13A(4); 1964 c. 84 Sch. 2 Part 1H.

24 1951 s. 13A(1); 1964 c. 84 Sch. 2 Part m.

25 1951 s. 13A(5); 1964 c. 84 Sch. 2 Part m.

26 1951 s. 9.

4 N* 3

xiv Table of Derivations COURTS-MARTIAL (APPEALS) ACT—cont.

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

27 1951s. 11; 1967 Sch. 4 para. 17.

28 1951 8(lXa), (c), (</).

29 1951 s. 8(1X6), proviso.

30 19511. 8(1X<). (A (2).

31 1951 8.13(1).

32 1951 ss. 13(3), 23(2).

33 1966 Sch. 1 para. 8.

34 1951 8. 20(1); 1964 c. 84 Sch. 2 Part EH

35 1951 8.20(2).

36 1951 8. 21; 1964 c. 43 Sch. 1; 1966 Sch. 1 para. 9; 1967 Sch. 4 para. 19.

37 1951 s. 18.

38 1951 s. 12.

39 1960 ss. 1(1), (2), 10.

40 1960 ss. 2(1), (3), 10,17(4).

41 1960 ss. 1(3), (4), 10.

42 1960 s. 4, Sch 1 para. 1; 1967 Sch. 4 para. 31.

43 1960 ss. 50H5), 10, Sch. 1 para. 1; 1967 Sch. 4 para. 32.

44 1960 ss. 9(3), 10; 1967 Sch. 4 para. 30.

45 1960 ss. 6(1), (3), 10.

46 1960 ss. 7(1H3), 10, Sch. 1 para. 2.

47 1951s.l3(2); 1960 Sch. 1 para. 3(3), (4); 1967 Sch. 4 para. 32.

48 1960 ss. 9(4), 10.

49 1951 ss. 22,24; 1960 s. 9(1), Sch. 1 para. 4.

50 1951 s. 19(1), (2); 1960 Sch. 3.

51 1951 s. 17; 1960 Sch. 3.

52 19518.17; 1960 Sch. 3.

53 1951 8. 26.

54 1951 8. 27.

55 See Sch. 2.

56 See Sch. 3.

57 1951 3.24; 1967 8.98(7), Sch. 4.

Table of Derivations xv COURTS-MARTIAL (APPEALS) ACT—cont.

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

58 —-

59 —

60 —

61 —

Sch. 1 1964 c. 43 Sch. 1 paras. 8-10.

Sch.2 1951 ss. 3(2), 14(1), (2), 24(2); 1960 ss. 2(3), 3; 1964 c. 84 Sch. 2, Partni.

Sch. 3 Geneva Conventions Act 1957 (c. 52) s. 4(3).

Sch. 4 —

Sch. 5 —

Sch. 6 —

4 N* 4

xvi

Table of Derivations

THE CRIMINAL APPEAL ACT 1968 (c. 19)

Note:—The following abbreviations are used in this Table—

1907 - The Criminal Appeal Act 1907 (c. 23)

1952 - The Costs in Criminal Cases Act 1952 (c. 48)

1960 The Administration of Justice Act 1960 (c. 65)

1964 c. 43 - The Criminal Appeal Act 1964 (c. 43)

1964 c. 84 - The Criminal Procedure (Insanity) Act 1964 (c, 84)

1966 - The Criminal Appeal Act 1966 (c. 31)

1967 - The Criminal Justice Act 1967 (c. 80)

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

1 1907 s. 3(a), (6).

2 1907 s. 4(1), (2); 1966 s. 4(1); 1967 Sch. 4.

3 1907 s. 5(2).

4 1907s.5(l); 1967 Sch. 4.

5 1907 s. 5(3).

6 1964 c. 84 s. 5(1X6), (d),(5); Sch. 1 pare. 1(2).

7 1964 c. 43 s. 1(1), (2).

8 1964 c. 43 s. 2(1H3).

9 1907 8.3(c); 1967 Sch. 6.

10 1907 s. 20(2); 1967 s. 97(1M3), (6).

11 1967 s. 97(4M8).

12 1964 c. 84 s. 2(1).

13 1964 c. 84 ss. 2(1M3), 3(1), (1A), (IB); 1967 Sch. 4.

14 1964 c. 84 s. 5(1X0, (2), (3). (5); Sch. 1 pare. 1(2).

15 1964 c. 84 s. 4(6).

16 1964 c. 84 ss. 4(6), (7), 8(2); 1967 Sch. 4.

17 1907 s. 19; 1964 c. 84 ss. 2(4X<>), 4(6); 1966 Sch. 2.

18 1907s.7(l); 1966 Sch. 2; 1967 Sch. 4.

19 1907 s. 14(2).

20 1907 s. 15(2).

21 1907 s. 15(1), (3); 1967 Sch. 4.

22 1907 s. 11; 1964 c. 84 ss. 2(4X6), 4(6); 1967 Sch. 4.

23 1907 s. 9; 1966 s. 5, Sch. 2; 1967 Sch. 4.

24 1952 ss. 3(2), 17(5); 1967 s. 32(5), Sch. 4.

25 1952s.3(l); 1966 Sch. 2; 1967 Sch. 4.

tior

>8/

26

27

28

29

30

31

32

33

34

35

36

37

38

39

40

41

42

43

44

45

46

47

48

49

50

51

52

53

54

55

Table of Derivations xvii

CRIMINAL APPEAL A Cl—c

Derivation

1966 s. 8; 1967 SdL 4.

1952 s. 3(3); 1967 Sch.4.

1952 s. 3(1), (4); 1966 Sch. 2; 1967 Sell. 4.

Criminal Justice Act 1948 (c. 58), s. 38(1); 1964 c. 84 s. 3(2); 1966 s. 6; 1967 s. 97(9).

1907 8.6; 1966 Sch. 2; 1967 Sch. 4.

1907 s. 17; 1964 c. 43 Sch. 2; Criminal Justice Act 1948 (c. 58) Sch. 9; 1966 Sch. 2.

1966 s. 7; 1967 Sch. 4.

1960 s. 1(1), (2).

1960 ss. 2(1), (3), 17(4).

1960 s. 1(3), (4).

1960s.4(l); 1967 Sch. 4.

1960 s. 5(1M5); 1964 c. 84 s. 5(5); 1967 Sch. 4.

1960 s.9(3); 1967 Sch. 4.

1952 s. 4(1), 17(5); 1960 s. 8(3), (4); 1967 Sch. 4.

1960 s. 8(3); 1967 Sch. 4.

1952s.4(2); 1960 s. 8(4), (5); 1967 Sch. 4.

1960 s. 7.

1960 s. 6(1), (3).

1960 s. 9(4).

1966 s. 1.

1967 s. 98(3), (4).

1907 ss. 10, 15(5), 17; 1952 s. 3(3X«); I960 a. 8(1), (2); 1964 c. 43 s. 2(4); 1966 s. 1(6X«X*)-

See Sch. 4.

1907 s. 19.

1907 8.21; 1967 Sch. 4.

1907 ss. 20(2), 21; 1960 s. 17(1X«); 1964 c. 84 ss. 2(4), 8(2); 1967 s. 97(10), Sch. 4.

xviii Table of Derivations CRIMINAL APPEAL ACT—

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

Sell. 1 1964 c. 84 Sch.1.

Sch.2 1964 c. 43 as. 2(3), 3; 1967 Sch. 4, Sch. 6 para. 27.

Sell. 3 1964 c. 84 s. 4(7).

Sch. 4 1907 s. 7(1), (2); 1960 ss. 2(3), 3,17(4).

Sch.5 —

Sch.6 —

Sch. 7 —

Table of Derivations xix

THE CRIMINAL APPEAL (NORTHERN IRELAND) ACT

1968 (c. 21)

Note: The following abbreviations are used in this Table—

1930 — The Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1930

(c. 45)

1960 *■ The Administration of Justice Act 1960

(c. 65)

1962 => The Northern Ireland Act 1962

(c. 30)

1966 (N.I.) = The Criminal Justice Act (Northern Ireland) 1966

(c. 20)

1966 = The Criminal Appeal Act 1966

(c. 31)

1967 =* The Criminal Justice Act 1967

(c. 80)

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

1 1930 ss. 1(1), (8), 6(1).

2 1930 s. 1(2), (9).

3 1962 s. 6.

4 1930 s. 1(3), (4), (6).

5 1930 s. 1(5), (7).

6 1930 s. 1(10).

7 1930 s. 1(11).

8 1930 s. 2(1), (2).

9 1930 s. 3(1), (2); 1966 s. 11(1); 1967 Sch. 4 para. 9.

10 1930 s. 4(2).

11 1930 s. 4(1); 1967 Sch. 4 para. 10.

12 1930 s. 4(3).

13 1966 (N.I.) s. 17.

14 1966 (N.I.) s. 18(1), (3), (4).

15 1930 ss. 3(3), 9 (proviso).

16 1930 s. 4(4); Mental Health Act (Northern Ireland) 1961 (c. 15), s. 56(5); 1966 (N.I.)s. 3(3).

17 1966 (N.I.) s. 15(1M3).

18 1966 (N.I.) s. 16; 1967 Sch. 4 para. 41.

19 1930s.l7(l); 1960 Sch. 3; 1966 (N.I.) s. 15(4).

20 1930 ss. 7(1), 14(4); 1967 Sch. 4 para. 12.

21 1930 s.7(l) proviso, 7(2).

22 1930 s. 13(1).

xx Table of Derivations

CRIMINAL APPEAL (NORTHERN IRELAND) A

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

23 1930 ss. 10,14(5); Legal Aid and Advice Act (Northern Ireland) 1965 (c. 8) s. 23(6).

24 1930s.14(1), (2).

25 1966 s. 7.

26 1930 s. 14(3); 1962 SdL 1.

27 1930 s. 8; 1962 Sch. 1.

28 1930 s. 11; 1966 (NX) s. 15(4).

29 1930 s. 9(aMc); 1966 s. 5.

30 1930 s. 9(6), (<0. (e); 1962 Sch. 1.

31 1930 s. 5; 1967 Sch. 4 para. 11.

32 1930 s. 12; 1967 Sch. 4 para. 13.

33 1930 s. 13(4); 1966 (N.I.) s. 16(3); 1966 s. 6; 1967 Sch. 4 para. 14.

34 1930 s. 19(2), (3); Children and Young Persons Act (Northern Ireland) 1950 (c. 5) s. 57(5X6).

35 1930 s. 20; 1967 Sch. 4 para. 15; 1966 (N.I.) ss. 3(3), 15(4).

36 1960 ss. 1(1X6). (2); 17(1X«).

37 1960 ss. 2(1), (3), 17(4).

38 1960 s. 1(3), (4).

39 1960 ss. 2(3), 3.

40 1960s.4(l); 1967 Sch. 4 para. 25.

41 1960 s. 5; 1967 Sch. 4 para. 27.

42 1960 s. 8(1), (2); Legal Aid and Advice Act (Northern Ireland) 1965 s. 23(6).

43 1960s.9(3); 1967 Sch. 4 para. 30.

44 1960 s. 6(1), (3).

45 1960 s. 7.

44 ) 1960 s. 8(3M5), Sch. 2; 1967 Sch. 4 para. 29.

47 J

48 1960 s.9(4), Sch. 2.

49 1930 s. 16; 1962 s. 7(9), Sch. 1.

50 1930 8.20; 1960 Sch. 2 Part I; 1966 s. 11(3); 1967 s. 98(7).

51 1930 s. 17(1).

Table of Derivations xxi

CRIMINAL APPEAL (NORTHERN IRELAND) A

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

52 1930 a. 21(3); 1960 s. 18(1), (2); 1966 s. 11(4); 1967 8.106(3).

53 —

54 —

55 —

Sch. 1 1966 (N.I.) ss. 18(2), (5), 19; Criminal Law Act (Northern Ireland) 1967 (c. 80), Sch. 1 para. 27.

Sch.2 1966 (NJ.) s. 16(4); Sch. 1.

Sch.3 —

Sch. 4 —

Sch. 5 —

xxii Table of Derivations

THE EXPORT GUARANTEES ACT 1968 (c. 26)

Note - The following abbreviations are used in this Table- 1949 - The Export Guarantees Act 1949 (12,13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 14) 1951 — The Export Guarantees Act 1951 (14 A 15 Geo. 6. c. 17) 1957 — The Export Guarantees Act 1957 (5 A 6 Eliz. 2. c. 23) 1964 — The Export Guarantees Act 1964 (1964 c. 6) 1967 *p The Export Guarantees Act 1967 (1967c. 11) 1968 - The National Loans Act 1968 (1968 c. 13.

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

1 1949,s.l; 1964,8.2.

2 1949,s.2; 1957,s.2(l); 1964, s. 2.

3 1949, s. 3; 1957, s. 2(2); 1968, s. 10(4), (5).

4 1949, ss. 1(4), 2(2), 7(2); 1957, s. 2(3); 1967, s. 1.

1951,s. 1; 1957,8.2(1).

6 1949, s. 7(1).

7 1949, s. 6.

8 1949,8.5; 1957,8.2(3).

9 1949, s. 4.

10 1949, ss. 1(4), 2(2), 9(2); 1951, s. 1; 1967, s. 1.

11 —

Table of Derivations

xxiii

THE FIREARMS ACT 1968 (c. 27)

Note:—Tho following abbreviations are used in this Table-1937 = The Firearms Act 1937 (c. 12)

1962 = The Air Guns and Shot Guns, etc. Act 1962 (c. 49)

1965 = The Firearms Act 1965 (c. 44)

1967 = The Criminal Justice Act 1967 (c. 80)

CJA — Criminal Justice Act CJ()A = Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act LGA = Local Government Act LG()A = Local Government (Scotland) Act

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

1 1937 ss. 1(1), (2), 16(1H3).

2 1967 s. 85(1), (4).

3 1937 ss. 7(1), 11(1), (3), (4), 14(1); 1965 s. 9(2); 1967 s. 85(7).

4 1937 s. 24(1), (2), (4); 1965 s. 9(1), (5).

5 1937 s. 17(1), (4H6); Defence (Transfer of Functions) Act 1964 (c. 15) s. 1(3).

6 1937 8.18(1), (2), (4M6).

7 1937 s. 4(12), (13); 1967 s. 85(7).

8 1937 s. 4(2), s. 11(1) proviso (a); 1967 s. 85(7X6).

9 1937 ss. 4(3), (13), 7(1), (2), 11(1) proviso (6); 1965 s. 9(2); 1967 s. 85(7).

10 1937 s. 4(4), (5).

11 1937s.4(7H9),(ll); 1962 s. 5; 1967 s. 85(7), (9), (10).

12 1937 ss. 4(10), 17(3); 1967 s. 85(7).

13 1937 s. 4(6), (13); 1967 s. 85(7).

14 1967 s. 85(8).

15 1967 s. 85(11).

16 1937 s. 22.

17 1937 s. 23(1), (2), (5), (6); 1965 s. 6.

18 1965 s. 1.

19 1965 s. 2.

20 1965 ss. 3,4,10(1).

21 1937 s. 21; CJA 1948 (c. 58) Sch. 9; CJ () A 1949 (c. 94) Sch. 11; 1965 s. 9(3), (4).

22 1937 s. 19(1), (3); 1962 ss. 1(2), (3), 2; 1967 s. 87(5), (11).

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

32

33

34

35

36

37

38

39

40

41

42

43

44

45

46

47

48

49

50

51

52

Table of Derivations

FIREARMS ACT—

Derivation

1962a.1(4), (5).

1937 a. 19(1M3); 1962 n. 1(1), (2), 3(2); 1967 as. 86(1). (3), 87(5), (9).

1937a.20.

1937 a. 2(1), (4). (8), (10); 1967 a. 85(7), a. 87(1), (7).

1937 a. 2(2). (3), (4).

1967 a. 85(2), (3), (7), (13).

1937 a. 2(5), (6), (8), (10).

1937 a. 2(7), (8), (9); 1967 a. 85(2), (7).

1937 a. 17(7).

1937 8.3; 1967 a. 85(7).

1937 as. 8(1), 9(1), (2), 10(1); 1965 a. 90.

1937 as. 8(1) proviso, (5), 10(3), (4), 17(7) proviso (h); 1967 a. 87(2). 1937 as. 8(2X 9(2Xc).

1965 a. 8(1), (2), (4).

1937 a. 10(2), (3), (4).

1937^*3), (4), (5), 9(3), (4). 10(3), (4), 17(7) proviso (6); 1965

1937 aa. 8(6), 10(5); 1965 a. 8(6).

1937 a. 12; 1965 a. 9(2).

1965 a. 9(2).

1937 a. 11(2).

LGA 1966 (c. 42) a. 35(2), Sch. 3 Pt. II; LG()A 1966 (c. 51) a. 42(2), Sch. 4 Pt. H.

1937 as. 2(8), 8(5), 10(4); 1965 a. 8(5).

1937 8. 13; 1965 8.9(2).

1937 a. 26(1).

1965s.5(lM3),(5).

1937 a. 6(1H3); 1967 a. 85(7).

1937 a. 18(3).

1937 as. 6(3), 26(2); 1965 a. 5(4), (5).

1937 a. 27 et passim.

1937 as. 25, 26(3); CJA 1948 (c. 58) Sch. 9; CJ()A 1949 (c. 94) Sch. 11; 1965 as. 5(6), 9(6); 1967 a. 85(7).

Table of Derivations

FIREARMS ACT—

xxv

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

53 1937 s. 30(a), (b), (e); 1967 8. 87(7)(c).

54 1937 ss. 5,28; 1967 s. 85(7).

55 1937 s. 30(c), (d); 1967 s. 85(12).

56 1937 s. 29; Recorded Delivery Service Act 1962 (c. 27).

57 1937 ss. 16, 23(6), 32; 1962 s. 4; 1965 s. 10(1), (2); 1967 as. 87(8), 88(1), (2).

58 1937 ss. 15(1), 33(4H6); 1965 s. 5(7); 1967 s. 85(7).

59 —

60 —

Sch. 1 1937 Sch. 3.

Sch. 2 1965 Sch. 1.

Sch. 3 1937 s. 21(3), Sch. 1.

Sch. 4 1937 Sch. 2; 1965 s. 9(2); .R. & O. 1937 Nos. 250 and 309 (Rev. Vol. 2, pp. 763, 776).

Sch. 5 See entry against clause 44.

Sch. 6 Parti passim, but note 1937 s. 24(4); 1965 s. 7 and Sch. 2; and 1967 s. 87(10), (12).

Part II para. 1 para. 2 para. 3 para. 4 para. 5 para. 6 para. 7 para. 8 para. 9 1937 s. 1(3); 1967 s. 85(6). 1937 s. 18(4). 1937 s. 23(4); Magistrates’ Courts Act 1952 (c. 55) Sch. 5. 1937 s. 23(1). 1937 s. 23(3). 1937 s. 23(2). 1962 s. 3(1). 1962 s. 3(1). 1967 s. 86(2).

XXVI

Table of Derivations

THE HOUSING (FINANCIAL PROVISIONS) SCOTLAND ACT 1968 (C. 31)

Note: The following abbreviations are used in this Table:—

1950 «=■ The Housing (Scotland) Act 1950 (14 Geo. 6. c. 34.

1952 = The Housing (Scotland) Act 1952

(15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 63.

1954 = The Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act 1954

(2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 50.

1955 - The Crofters (Scotland) Act 1955

(3 &4 Eliz. 2. c. 21.

1956 = The Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act 1956

(4 & 5 Eliz. 2. c. 60.

1957 ■» The Housing and Town Development (Scotland) Act 1957

(5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 38.

1959 =» The House Purchase and Housing Act 1959 (7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 33.

1962 — The Housing (Scotland) Act 1962 (10 & 11 Eliz. 2. c. 28.

1964 = The Housing Act 1964 (1964 c. 56.

1966 = The Housing (Scotland) Act 1966

(1966 c. 49.

1967 — The Housing (Financial Provisions, &c.) (Scotland) Act 1967

(1967 c. 20.

1968 = The National Loans Act 1968

(1968 c. 13.

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

in; 1967, s. 1(1). 1967, ss. 1(2), 16(2). 1957, s. 23(1); 1964, s. 98(2); 1967, s. 1(2).

(4: 1957, s. 1(3); 1967, s. 1(3).

2-7 1967, ss. 2-7.

8(i: > 1967, s. 8.

(2: > 1957, s. 2(3); 1967, s. 22, sch. 5 §8.

9ci: 1957, s. 4(1).

(2’ 1950,s.83; 1957, s. 4(2).

(3! 1967, s. 22, sch. 5 §9.

10 1967, s. 9.

11 1967, s. 13.

i2(r 1967, s. 17(1). 1962, s. 10(2); 1967, s. 17(1). 1967, s. 14.

a

1957, s. 7; 1967, s. 17.

13(1) 8® 1950, s. 105(1); 1964, ss. 62(1), 63(2).

1950, s. 105(2). 1964, s. 62(1X10).

(5) 1950, s. 123.

Table of Derivations xxvii

THE HOUSING (FINANCIAL PROVISIONS) (SCOTLAND) ACT—cont.

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

14(1) (2) 8 1964, s. 62(2). 1964, ss. 62(3), 63(2). 1964, s. 62(4). 1964, s. 62(5). 1964, ss. 62(6), 63(2).

(6) 1964,8. 62(7).

15 1950, s. 109.

1962, s. 14(2); 1964, s. 62(8). 1964, s. 62(10).

,7S (3) 1950, s. 121(3); 1964, s. 62(8). 1950, s. 121(3). 1964, s. 62(10).

18(1) (2) 1964,8. 62(9). 1950, s. 126(2).

19(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) 1954, s. 4(1). 1954, s. 4(2); 1964, s. 97(2). 1954, s. 4(3). 1954, ss. 4(4), 40. 1954, s. 4(5).

20 1950,8.90; 1962,8.13.

21(1) 3 (4) 1950, s. 89(1); 1962, s. 12(1X2); 1967, s. 12. 1950, s. 89(2); 1962, s. 12(1). 1950, 8. 89(6). 1950,8.89(7); 1962,8.12(4).

22gM3)

"8 1962,8. 11(1). 1962, s. 11(2); Public Works Loans Act 1964 (c. 9), s. 2(3); 1968, s. 6(1X2).

(3H8) 1962, s. 11(3M8); 1968, ss. 2,24(2), sch. 1, sch. 6, Pt. I.

24 1950, s. 78.

25(1) 8 1962, s. 18(1); 1964, ss. 11(2), 99(4); 1967, s. 15(1). 1962, s. 18(2). 1967, s. 15(2).

(4H6) 1962, s. 18(3M5).

26 1962, s. 19(1); 1967, s. 22, sch. 5 §13.

27(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) 1950,8.111(1); 1959,8.24(1). 1950, 8. 111(2). 1950, s. 111(2X4); 1954, 8. 10(1X3). 1959, s. 23(1). 1950, s. 111(5). 1950, s. 111(3). 1950, s. 111(6); 1952, s. 9(3); 1955, 8. 22(8).

(8) (9) 1950, s. 111(8); 1957, s. 24, sch. 1. 1950, s. 111(7).

-a. 1950,8.111(3); 1954,8.10(2). 1950, s. 111(3).

xxviii Table of Derivations

THE HOUSING (FINANCIAL PROVISIONS) (SCOTLAND) ACT—

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

■a (3X4) (5) 1950, s. 112(1); 1954, s. 10(4); 1957, s. 24, sch. 1; 1964, 8. 61. 1959, s. 23(2). 1950, 8. 112(2X3). 1964, s. 55(2).

1950, s. 114(1); 1954, s. 10(6); 1959,8. 24(2); 1964, •. 55(1). 1950, s. 114(8).

3,|3) r 88 1950, 8.114(2); 1959, ss. 24(4), 31(2), sch. 2. 1950, 8. 114(2); 1964, s. 55(3). 1950,8.114(2); 1959, ss. 24(4), 31(2), sch. 2. 1950, s. 114(2). 1950, s. 114(3X4). 1950, s. 114(5); 1952,8. 9(4); 1959, ss. 24(4), 31(2), sch. 2. 1950,8. 114(7). 1950, s. 114(6); 1959, ss. 24(4), 31(2), sch. 2.

32$ a 1950,8. 113. 1954, s. 10(5); 1962, s. 15(1). 1962, s. 15(5). 1950,8.118; 1962,8.16.

(5) (6) 33(1X2) (3) 1950, s. 118; 1957, s. 28(2), sch. 3. 1962, s. 15(6); Rent Act 1965 (c. 75), s. 51, sch. 6. 1957, s. 21(1X2). 1950, s. 173(1); 1957,8. 21(3).

34 1950,8. 115.

35 1950, s. 116.

36 1950, s. 117.

37 1950,8.119.

38(1) § (4) 1950,8.126(1); 1959, s. 31(2), sch. 2. 1950, s. 126(2). 1950, 8. 126(4). 1950, 8. 123.

39(1) (2) i 1959,8. 19(1); 1962,8. 17(1); 1964,8.49(1X5). 1964 8 49(2X5) 1959! s! 19(2); 1964, 8. 49(4X5); 1966, s. 86(7). 1959, 8. 28(3). 1959, s. 19(1). 1964, ss. 45(1X4), 48. 1959, s. 19(3); 1964, s. 45(1X4). 1959, s. 19(4). 1964,8.47(1X2X4). 1959, s. 19(6).

410) r (5) (6) 1959, s. 20(1); 1964, 8. 45(2X4). 1959, s. 20(2X3). 1964, s. 45(3X4). 1964, s. 49(3X5). 1959, s. 20(4); 1964, s. 45(2X4).

Y* 1964, s. 46(1M5). 1964, s. 46(6X9). 1964, s. 46(7X9).

(8) (9) 1964, s. 46(7). 1964, s. 46(8)(9).

43 1959, 8. 22(1X2).

Table of Derivations xxix

THE HOUSING (FINANCIAL PROVISIONS) (SCOTLAND) ACT—cont.

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

44(1X2) OH5) (6) (7) (8) 1952,8. 3(1X2). 1950, sch. 9; 1952,8.3(4). 1952, s. 3(3X5X6); 1955, s. 22(8). 1952, 8. 3(7). 1950, s. 184(1).

45(1) (2X3) 1950, s. 101(1); 1952, 8. 3(8). 1962, s. 32(1X2).

46 1950, s. 101(4); 1952, s. 3(8).

47 48(1) (2) (4) 18 1950, 8.102; 1952,8. 3(8). 1952, 8. 4(1). 1952, s. 4(2). 1952, s. 4(2). 1950, 8. 104(3); 1952, 8. 4(3). 1950, s. 104(4); 1952,8.4(3). 1950, 8.104(3X4); 1952, 8.4(3).

490X2) (4) 1950 8 75(1X2) 1950[ s! 75(3); 1957, s. 24, sch. 1; 1959, ss. 3(1), 31(2), sch. 2. 1950, s. 75(4); 1959, ss. 3(2), 31(2), sch. 2.

50 1950, s. 77(1X2).

51 1964, s. 96.

52 1950, s. 78.

53(1) 8 1952,8.9(2): 1955,8.38(2); 1959,8.22(3). 1950, s. 103(4); 1952, s. 3(8); 1955, s. 38(2). 1950, s. 103(1); 1952, ss. 3(8), 9(2); 1955, s. 38(2); 1959, s. 22(3).

(4) (5) 1950, s. 103(2); 1952, ss. 3(8), 9(2); 1955, 8. 38(2); 1959, 8. 22(3). 1950, s. 103(3); 1952, ss. 3(8), 9(2); 1955, s. 38(2); 1959,8.22(3).

54 1950, ss. 103(5), 104(3), 122, 173(1), 184(1); 1952, s. 3(8); 1957 8.21(1); 1959,8.22(1).

55(1) 1 1 1962, 8. 8(1); 1967,8.10(1). 1962, ss. 1(1), 8(1); 1967, ss. 1(1), 10(1), 17(1), 21(1). 1962, s. 8(2); 1967, ss. 10(2), 22, sch. 5 §12. 1962, s. 8(3X4); 1967, ss. 10(3), 22, sch. 5 §12. 1950, s. 127(3). 1950, s. 127(4). 1950, s. 127(5X6); 1967, s. 22, sch. 5 §4.

57(1) 1950, s. 128(2); 1952, s. 9(6); 1957, s. 6, sch. 1 §5; 1959, s. 31(1), sch. 1 §10; 1962, s. 35(1), sch. 4 §4; 1967, s. 22, sch. 5 §5.

(2) 1950, s. 128(3).

"8T 1967, s. 11(3M6). 1967, ss. 1(1), 11(2), 17.

1 1950, s. 130(1). 1950, sch. 10. 1950, s. 130(2).

60(1) (2) (3) (4) 1950, s. 137(1); 1954, s. 9(1). 1950, s. 137(2). 1950, a. 89(5); 1962, s. 12(1). 1950, s. 138.

xxx Table of Derivations

THE HOUSING (FINANCIAL PROVISIONS) (SCOTLAND) ACT—cont.

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

"$(3) 1950,8.140(1); 1952,8.7. 1950, s. 140(2X3).

62 1950, s. 141.

63 1950,8.142.

64 1950, s. 132.

65 1950, ss. 92(4), 116(4), 128(1); 1952, 8. 10; 1954, ss. 4(1), 43; 1957,8.26; 1959,8.30; 1962,8.34(1); 1964,8.105; 1967,8.20; 1968, s. 1(8).

66 1950, ss. 1,167,168,173-176; 1959, ss. 28(1), 29(2); 1964,8.46(7); 1966, ss. 210(2), 211, sch. 9; 1967, s. 10(4).

67(1) 1950, s. 184(1X3); 1955, s. 38(2); 1957, s. 24, sch. 1; 1962, s. 35, schs.4,5; 1964,8.107.

a) 1950, s. 184(1); 1967, s. 22, sch. 5 §6; New Towns (Scotland) Act 1968 (c. 16), ss. 47(1), 48(1), sch. 9 §1.

(3) [Drafting.]

68 [Construction of references to this Act, etc.] 1967, s. 21(2).

69 [Consequential amendment of Housing (Scotland) Act 1966.]

70 [Repeals and savings.]

71 [Short title, commencement and extent.]

Sch. 1 1967, sch. 1.

Sch. 2 1967, sch. 2.

Sch. 3 (I 2 3 4 1950, ss. 1140X*), 126(3). 1950, s. 1140X*). 1950, s. 114(1X6); 1959, s. 24(3); 1962, s. 15(2X3); 1964, s. 55(1). 1950, s. 114(lXc); 1954, s. 10(7); Rent Act 1957 (c. 25), s. 10; 1962,8.15(4); 1964, s. 55(1).

5 6 7 1950, s. 1140X<0-1950, s. 114(1X0. 1952, s. 6(2X3); 1959, s. 31(2), sch. 2.

Sch. 4 §1 2 3 4 5 1950, s. 101(2); 1952, s. 3(8). 1950, s. 101(3); 1952, s. 3(8). 1950, s. 101(3); 1952, a. 3(8); 1956, s. 16(2), sch. 3. 1952, s. 3(9). 1950,8.101(2); 1952, s. 3(8).

Sch. 5 1950,8.128(2), sch. 6, Part II; 1957, s. 6, sch. 1 §5; 1962, s. 35(1), sch. 4 §4; 1967, s. 22, sch. 5 §5.

Sch. 6 1967, sch. 4.

Sch.7 §1 1950, ss. 138(1X2X3), sch. 8; 1954, s. 9(1); 1957, ss. 5(1), 24,28(2), schs. 1, 3; 1962, s. 35, schs. 4, 5; 1964, s. 92(7X10).

2 3 4 5 1950, s. 138(1); 1954, s. 9; 1956, s. 44, sch. 7; 1957, a. 24, sch. 1. 1950, s. 138(4); 1962, s. 35(1), sch. 4. 1950, s. 139; 1962, s. 35(1), sch. 4. [Drafting.]

Sch. 8 1950, sch. 6; 1954, s. 11(1); 1957, s. 6, sch. 1; 1962, s. 35(1), sch. 4; 1967, s. 22, ach. 5 $7.

Table of Derivations xxxi

THE HOUSING (FINANCIAL PROVISIONS) (SCOTLAND) ACT—

Section of

1968 Act Derivation

Sch. 9 [Consequential amendment of Housing (Scotland) Act 1966.]

Sch. 10 [Enactments repealed.]

xxxii Table of Derivations

THE NEW TOWNS (SCOTLAND) ACT 1968 (c. 16)

Note: The following abbreviations are used in this Table—

1945 — Hie Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1945 (as

modified by Schedule 5 to the New Towns Act 1946) (8*9 Geo. 6. c. 33.

1945 () — The Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act 1945

(9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 18.

1946 - The New Towns Act 1946

(9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 68.

1947 — The Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1947

(10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 53.

1947 (A) — The Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act 1947 (10 * 11 Geo. 6. c. 42.

1949 - The Licensing Act 1949 (12,13 A14 Geo. 6. c. 59.

1958 - The New Towns Act 1958

(6 A7 Eliz. 2. c. 12.

1959 a) - The Licensing (Scotland) Act 1959 (7*800.2.0.51)

1959 — The New Towns Act 1959

(7 * 8 Eliz. 2. c. 62.

1963 — The Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963 (1963 c. 51.

1964 — The New Towns Act 1964

(1964 c. 8.

1964(11) - The New Towns (No. 2) Act 1964

(1964 c. 68.

1967 - The Water (Scotland) Act 1967

(1967 c. 78.

M (followed by a — The proposal of that number in the Secretary of State’s

number) Memorandum laid before Parliament under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act 1949

.R. AO. 1946/375 — The Ministry of War Transport (Dissolution) Order 1946

.I. 1957/48 — The Minister of Fuel and Power (Change of Style and Title)

Order 1957

To6/e o/ Derivations xxxiii NEW TOWNS (SCOTLAND) ACT—con t.

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

KD (2) (3) (4) 8 1946 s. 1(1). 1946 s. 1(3). 1946 s. 1(2). 1945 s. 16(1). 1945 s. 13(5Xfl). 1964 (II) s. 1(2).

2(1) (2) (3) 1946 s. 2(1). 1946 s. 2(5). 1946 s. 20.

3(1), (2) (3) (4) (5) 1946 s. 2(2). 1946 s. 11; 1959 s. 13. 1946 s. 2(4). 1947 8.43(1); M3.

4(1) (2) 1946 s. 2(2). 1946 s. 2(3); M 1.

r 1946 s. 2(3). 1946 s. 21(1).

5 1946 s. 16.

6(1) (2) (3) 1946 s. 3(1). 1946s.3(2); 1947 Sch. 8. 1946s.6(3); 1947 Sch. 8. 1945 s. 3(4). 1946 s. 25(5Xc).

1 1946 s. 4(1); 1947 8.43(1). 1946 s. 4(2Xfl), (5). 1945 s. 14(5). 1945 s. 15. 1945 s. 13(1).

8(1) 8 (4) (7) 1945 s. 3(1). 1945 s. 3(2); .R. & 0.1946/375 1945 s. 14; 1946 s. 4(5); M2. 1945 s. 14(5). 1945 s. 15. 1945, ss. 3(6), 14(5). 1945 s. 13(1).

9 1945 s. 16.

10(1), (2) (3) (4H6) 1945s.l3(4); 1945 () Sch. 2. 1945 s. 13(3). 1945s.l3(5); 1945 () Sch. 2.

11 1946s.6(4); M 4, 5.

12 1945 s. 17(1), (2), (4).

13 1945 s. 13(6).

14 1945 s. 23(1), (2).

15(1) (2) 1945 s. 17(3). 1945 ss. 51, 62(1); War Damage Act 1964 s. 2(2); M 12.

16(1) (2) 1945 s. 17(3)(6). 1945 Sch. 6 § 1(1). 4 O

xxxiv Table of Derivations

NEW TOWNS (SCOTLAND) ACT—cont.

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

"8 (5), (6) (8) 1945 Sch. 6 § 3(1). 1945 Sch. 6 § 3(2). 1945 Sch. 6 § 3(3), (4). 1945 s. 17(3), Sch. 6, §1(1), (2), (4). 1945 Sch. 6, § 12.

im (2) 1945 Sch. 6. § 1(3). 1945 Sch. 6, § 3(3). 1945 Sch. 6, § 3(5). 1945 Sch. 6, § 1(3).

18(1) (3 H5) 1946s. 5(1); 1947s.43; M3. 1946 8.5(2); 1949 ss. 4(1), 8. 1946 s. 25(7)(6).

19(1) (2H6) 1945 ss. 21(1), (3), 24(1). 1945 s. 21(1), (2), (4), (5).

20 1945 s. 27.

21 1945 s. 28.

22 1945 s. 29.

8 1945 s. 22(1), (2), Sch. 1, § 1. 1945 Sch. 1, § 1(2). 1946 s. 6(2). 1945 s. 22(3).

24 1945 s. 22(4).

25 1946 s. 7(2), (3).

26 1945s.24(lM5).(8).

27 1945 s. 24(4M7); 1945 () Sch. 2.

28 1945 s. 25(1), (2), (5).

29 1945 s. 25(3), (6); 1945 () Sch. 2.

30 1945 s. 26; M 10.

31 1945 Sch. 1, § 1(1), (2).

32 1946 s. 21(2), (3).

33 1946 s. 25(11); 1967 Sch. 2, § 15.

34 1946 s. 25(11); 1967 Sch. 2, § 15.

35 1946 s. 14.

36 1946 s. 15.

37(1) (2). (3) 1946 s. 12(1). 1946 s. 12(2), (7).

38(1) (2) (3) (4) 1946 s. 12(3). 1946 s. 12(4). 1946 s. 12(5). 1946 s. 12(6).

Table of Derivations NEW TOWNS (SCOTLAND) ACT—cont.

XXXV

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

39(1) (2) (3) 1946 s. 13(1). 1946 s. 13(2). 1959 s. 5(3); M 8.

(5) (9) 1946 s. 13(3). 1946 s. 13(4). 1946 b. 13(5). 1946s.l3(6); 1958 8.2(1). 1946 8. 13(7). 1946 8. 26(1).

40 1945 88. 23(3), 24(9), 27(2); 1946 s. 24(c).

41(1) s 1946 s. 18. 1946 s. 25(24). 1947 (A), s. 7(3).

42 1945 8. 49.

43 1945 s. 50.

44 1945 s. 50A; M 11.

43 1945 s. 52; Recorded Delivery Service Act 1962 s. 1, Sch.

1 1 1945 s. 59(1); 1946 s. 19(1). 1945 s. 59(2); Statutory Instruments Act 1946 ss. 1(2), 5(2). 1946 s. 19(2). 1964 (ID s. 1(1). 1964 (ID s. 1(2). 1946 ss. 14(2), 15(4).

47$ 81 1 See Appendix to this Table. [Draftingl. 1945 s. 13(7): .R. & O. 1946/375. 1945 s. 13(2), (8). 1963 s. 49(3). 1946 s. 25(23); 1967 Sch. 2, § 15. 1946 s. 25(25).

(8) (9) 1945 s. 62(3). 1945 s. 62(2); 1946 8. 26(2).

48 [Saving and transitional provisions, consequential amendments and repeals].

49 [Short title, commencement, and extent].

Sch. 1 1945 b. 15(1), (2), (4); 1946 Sch. 1.

Sch.2 1946 Sch. 2.

Sch. 3, § 1 §2 §4 §§5,6 §7 §§9,10 §11 §12 §13 §§ 14-16 1945 Sch. 2, § 1. 1945 s. 62(1), Sch. 2, § 2. 1945 Sch. 2, § 4. 1945 Sch. 1, §§ 1(1), (2), 2-6. 1945 Sch. 2, §§ 5. 6. 1945 V31 1945 s! 3(5); .R. & 0.1946/375. 1945 Sch. 2, §§ 1(1), 7, 8. 1945 s. 3(3), (5), Sch. 2, § 9. 1945 () Sch. 2; 1946 s. 4(5); M2. 1945 ss. 14(1), (3), (4), (5), 62(1); 1945 () Sch. 2; M 9. 1945 8. 15(1), (2), (4), (5); 1945 () Sch. 2. 4 0 2

xxxvi Table of Derivations

NEW TOWNS (SCOTLAND) ACT—

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

Sch.4 1945 Sch. 3.

Sch.5 1945 Sch. 4.

Sch. 6

Pt.I 1945 Sch. 5, Pt. I.

pt.n 1945 Sch. 5, §§ 7, 9.

Sch. 7, § 1 1945 s. 17(3).

§2 1945 Sch. 6, §§ 2, 3(6).

§3 1945 Sch. 6, § 3(4).

§4 1945 Sch. 5, § 4(3).

55 1945 Sch. 6, § 7; 1963 s. 47(2).

6 1945 Sch. 6, § 4.

§7 1945 Sch. 5, § 5(2).

§8 1945 Sch. 6, § 3(4).

§§9-12 1945 Sch. 6, §§ 8-11.

§§ 13,14 1945 Sch. 6, § 5.

§15 1945 Sch. 6, § 6.

Sch. 8 1945 Sch. 1, §§ 1(3), 2-6.

Sch. 9 [Saving and transitional provisions]; M 2

Sch. 10 [Amendments of enactments].

Sch. 11 [Repeals].

APPENDIX TO TABLE

Showing the derivation of the definitions in clause 47(1) of the Bill

Definition Derivation

acquiring authority 1945 s. 62(1).

the appropriate Minister 1945 s. 13(7); 1946 s. 26(1); .R. & 0.1946/375;

.I. 1957/48.

the arbiter 1963 s. 2.

common 1945 ss. 14(8), 28(2).

compulsory purchase order ... development [Drafting]. 1945 s. 62(1); 1946 s. 26(1).

development corporation 1946 s. 26(1).

enactment 1945 s. 13(7); 1946 s. 26(1).

exciseable liquor held inalienaoly 1959(L) s. 199(1). 1946 s. 26(1).

land 1945 s. 62(1).

local authority local highway authority 1946 s 26(1) 1945 s! 62(1); 1946 s. 26(1). 1945 s. 62(1); 1946 s. 26(1); 1947 Sch. 8.

local planning authority

National Trust 1946s.26(l).

open space operational land 1945 ss. 14(8), 28(2) 1945 s. 13(1). 1945 s. 62(1); M6.

owner

planning permission prescribed 1945 ss. 21(3), 27(4); 1947 Sch. 8. 1945 s. 59(1).

regional water board 1967 Sch. 2, § 15.

statutory undertakers 1945 s. 13(7); 1946 s. 26(1).

trolley vehicle 1946 s. 21(4).

Valuation Office 1945 s. 62(1).

valuation roll 1945 s. 62(1).

Table of Derivations

xxxvii

THE PROVISIONAL COLLECTION OF TAXES ACT 1968

(c. 2)

Note: The following abbreviations are used in this Table:—

1913 — The Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1913

1952 (3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 3) The Customs and Excise Act 1952

1957 (15 A 16 Geo. 6. ft 1 Eliz. 2. c. 44) = The Finance Act 1957

1967 (5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 49) — The Finance Act 1967 (1967 c. 54.

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

1(1) (2 (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) 1913 s. 3; 1957 s. 9. 1913 s. 1(1X3); 1967 s. 41(1X4). 1913 s. 1(2); 1967 s. 41(3). 1967 s. 41(2X4). 1913 s. 1(1) proviso (6); 1967 s. 41(4). 1913 s. 1(1) proviso (cj; 1967 s. 41(2). 1913 s. 1(1) proviso id). 1913 s. 1(1) proviso (<?).

2 1913 ss. 1(3), 2, 3; 1957 s. 9.

3 1952 s. 265; 1967 s. 41(1X6).

4 1952 s. 269.

5 1967 s. 42.

[Short title and repeals]. 1967 s. 41(8).

4 0 3

xxxviii Table of Derivations

THE RENT ACT 1968 (c. 23)

Note:—The following abbreviations are used in this Table—

1920 — The Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1920

(10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 17.

1923 «■ The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act 1923

(13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 32.

1933 The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act 1933

(23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 32.

1935 — The Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1935

(25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 13.

1938 — The Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1938

(1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 26.

1939 — The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act 1939

(2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 71.

1946 =■ The Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act 1946

(9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 34.

1948 — The Agricultural Holdings Act 1948

(11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 63.

1949 — The Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act 1949

(12 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 40.

1952 — The Crown Lessees (Protection of Sub-Tenants) Act 1952

(15 & 16 Geo. 6 and 1 Eliz. 2. c. 40.

1954 c. 53 The Housing Repairs and Rents Act 1954 (2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

1954 c. 56 «■ The Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 (2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 56.

1957 - The Rent Act 1957

(5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 25.

1957 c. 56 - The Housing Act 1957

(5 & 6 Eliz. 2. c. 56.

1958 ■» The Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958

(6 & 7 Eliz. 2. c. 42.

1959 c. 33 — The House Purchase and Housing Act 1959

(7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 33.

1959 c. 62 = The New Towns Act 1959 (7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 62.

1959 c. 64 — The Landlord and Tenant (Furniture and Fittings) Act 1959 (7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 64.

1961 — The Housing Act 1961

(9 & 10 Eliz. 2. c. 65.

1963 = The London Government Act 1963

(1963 c. 33.

1964 - The Housing Act 1964

(1964 c. 56.

1965 - The Rent Act 1965

(1965 c. 75.

1967 c. 22 = The Agriculture Act 1967 1967 c. 88 = The Leasehold Reform Act 1967

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

1 1920 s. 12(2); 1933 s. 16(1); 1938 s. 7(1); 1939 ss. 3(3), 7(1); 1965 s. 1(1), Sch. 1 para. 1(1).

2 1920 s. 12(2), (7); 1923 s. 10(1); 1939 s. 3(2)0), (3), Sch. 1; 1948 Sch. 7 para. 1; 1965 Sch. 1 para. 1(1).

3 1920 s. 12(l)(g); 1954 c. 53 s. 49(1); 1965 s. 13.

4 1952 s. 1(1), (2).

5 1954 c. 53 ss. 33,49(2); 1957 Sch. 6 para. 26(1); 1959 c. 62 s. 4(5); 1964 s. 3(9).

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

32

33

Table of Derivations xxxix

RENT ACT—cont.

Derivation

1965 s. 43.

1920 s. 12(7); 1957 ss. 11,25(2); 1965 s. 1(2), (4), (5).

1965 8. 11(2M4),(8).

1920 8. 12(2); 1933 s. 1(3); 1939 a. 3(2X«), (3); 1954 c. 56 s. 43(1 Xc); 1965 ss. 1(3), 11(7), Sch. 1 para. 2; 1967 c. 88 8. 39(1 Xc).

1933 8. 3(1); 1965 ss. 14(1), 15(1), 16(1), (2); 1967 c. 22 8. 38(2).

1920 s. 5(2); 1965 ss. 14(1), 15(1), 16(2), Sch. 1 para. 5(1); 1967 c. 22 s. 38(2).

1920 88. 15(1), 16(2).

1920 8. 15(2); 1923 s. 9(2).

1957 ss. 17(1H3), 25(1).

1957 ss. 17(4), 25(1).

1958 ss. 40,42(2); 1959 c. 33 s. 7.

1957 c. 56 ss. 84, 87,188(1).

1920 ss. 5(5), 15(3); 1954 c. 53 s. 41; 1954 c. 56 s. 15; 1957

3. 21(1).

1920 3. 5(6), (7); 1933 Sch. 2.

1965 s. 3.

1965 s. 4.

1965 ss. 5, 6(1), 7.

1965 8. 6(2), (3).

1965 8. 6(4), (5).

1965 8. 6(6), (7).

1923 88. 6(1), 8(1); 1965 s. 9, Sch. 1 para. 9.

1965 s. 11(5), (6).

1965 3.13(3).

1965 s. 10.

1965 ss. 18(2), 20(3).

1965 8.17(2).

1965 s. 17(3M5).

19208.14; 1923 3.8(2); 1933 s. 8(2); 1938 8. 7(6); 1957 Sch. para. 17; 1965 Sch. 1 para. 6.

1933 s. 8(1).

4 0 4

xl Table of Derivations RENT ACT— cont.

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

35 1965 ss. 19, 44.

36 1965 s. 8.

37 1965 ». 46(1), (3).

38 1965 ss. 1(5), 17(1), 47(1), Sch. 1 para. 11.

39 1965 3. 22(1); .1.1965 No. 2080.

40 1965 s. 22(2H8)i

41 1965 s. 23.

42 1965 s. 25.

43 1965 3. 26(1M4).

44 1965 3. 26(5), Sch. 3 paras. 1-3,18.

45 1965 s. 26(5), Sch. 3 para. 16(1), Sch. 4 paras. 1,2.

46 1965 s. 27.

47 1965 8. 28.

48 1965 Sch. 3 paras. 13-15.

49 1965 Sch. 3 para. 17.

50 1965 s. 46.

51 1965 s. 47(1).

52 1957 s. 1(1M3).

53 1957 s. 2(1 )-(3).

54 1957 s. 3.

55 1957 s. 4.

56 1957 s. 5(0, (2), Sch. 5 para. 8; 1961 s. 29.

57 1957 s. 5(4); 1959 c. 33 s. 27; 1964 ss. 35, 44(1); 1965 Sch. 6 para. 9(2).

58 1957 ss. 18(1M3), 19(4).

59 1957 ss. 5(3), 18(4); 1959 c. 33 s. 27; 1965 Sch. 6 para. 9(1).

60 1957 8.6.

61 1923 ss. 6(1), 8(1); 1957 s. 2(4), Sch. 6 para. 2.

62 1920 s. 14; 1923 s. 8(2); 1933 8. 8(2); 1938 s. 7(6); 1957 Sch. 6 paras. 1, 17.

63 1933 s. 4(2), (3); 1957 Sch. 6 para. 4.

64 1933 s. 8(1); 1957 Sch. 6 para. 4.

65 1957 Sch. 6 para. 23.

66

67

68

69

70

71

72

73

74

75

76

77

78

79

80

81

82

83

84

85

86

87

88

89

90

91

92

93

94

Table of Derivations

RENT ACT—cont.

xli

Derivation 1933 s. 14; 1957 Sch. 6 para. 19.

1957 as. 19(4). 25(1). (3). Sch. 6 para. 4.

1946 s. 1(1); 1949 ss. 14.16.

1946 s. 1(2).

1946 ss. 2(1). 12(3). (4); 1952 s. 1; 1954 c. 53 s. 45(2); 1965 8. 39(5Xa), (11).

1965 ss. 39(2). (4).

1946 88. 2(1), 9(2), 10; 1965 s. 39(9).

1946 ss. 2(2), (4H6), 12(1); 1965 8. 39(5X6).

1946 88.3, 11.

1946 s. 2(3).

1946 ss. 4, 9(1), 10.

1946s.5; 1965 8.39(8).

1949 s. 11; 1965 s. 39(6X&), (8), Sch. 6 para. 4.

1965 8.40.

1965 s. 39(6X6), (7), Sch. 6 para. 4.

1965 8. 39(3).

1946 ss. 6,12(1).

1946 s. 8.

1946 ss. 2(1), 12(1), (2); 1965 s. 39(10).

1949 s. 2(1), (3), (6); 1957 8. 14(1); 1965 Sch. 5 paras. 1, 5.

1949 s. 2(2H4), (6); 1954 c. 53 8. 39(2); 1957 s. 14(1); 1965 Sch. 5 paras. 2, 3, 5, Sch. 6 para. 8.

1949 s. 12.

1949 ss. 3(1), 12(3).

1959 c. 64 s. 1.

1949 ss. 2(5), 12(3); 1957 s. 14(2); 1965 Sch. 5 para. 4.

1920 s. 14; 1923 s. 8(2); 1933 s. 8(2); 1938 s. 7(6); 1957 s. 15 Sch. 6 paras. 1,17; 1965 s. 38.

1949 ss. 2(8), 18(2); 1954 c. 53 s. 49(1); 1959 c. 64 s. 1(8); 1965 s. 47(1).

1920passim; 1939 Sch. 1; 1965 s. 42(1 Xa), (4); 1967 c. 88 Sch. 5 para. 9.

1965 8.42(1), (7).

4 <>♦

xlii

Table of Derivations

RENT ACT—

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

95 1965 s. 42(2), (3), (5), (6).

96 1965 s. 42(4 HQ-

97 1920 s. 12(5).

98 1920 s. 14; 1923 s. 8(2); 1938 s. 7(6).

99 1920 s. 12(1K/), (h); 1965 s. 42(7).

100 1965 s. 12

101 1949 s. 7.

102 1949 s. 8.

103 1949 s. 9.

104 1933 s. 4(4); 1965 Sch. 1 para. 10(2).

105 1920 s. 17(2); 1949 s. 13; 1957 s. 19(1), (3).

106 1920 s. 17(1); 1939 s. 6; 1957 s. 19(3).

107 1933 ss. 10, 16(4); 1957 Sch. 6 para. 18; 1965 Sch. 6 para. 3; .I. 1965 No. 2079.

108 1933 ss. 11, 16(4); 1946 s. 10; 1957 Sch. 6 para. 18; 1959 c. 64 s. 1(6); 1965 Sch. 6 para. 3; et passim; .I. 1965 No. 2079.

109 1938 &. 7(5); 1957 Sch. 6 para. 24; 1965 Sch. 1 para. 14.

110 1957 s. 20(1); 1965, s. 18(1).

111 1920 s. 6.

112 1920 s. 16(2).

113 1920 s. 12(lX/)» (g)l 1939 s. 7(1); 1949 s. 18(2); 1954 c. 53 s. 49(1); 1954 c. 56 s. 2(5); 1965 ss. 13(4X 47(1).

114 1965 s. 48; .I. 1965 No. 319.

115 1958 s. 57; 1959 Sch. 1 para. 7; 1964 s. 104; 1965 s. 49.

116 1952 s. 1.

117 [Introduces Schedules 14 to 17.J

118 [Short title, etc.]

Sch. 1 1920 s. 12(lXs); 1933 s. 13; 1935 s. 1; 1954 c. 53 s. 42; 1965 s. 13.

Sch. 2 Part I Part II 1954 c. 53 s. 35; 1957 ss. 11, 19(4), 21(1), 23, Sch. 5 Part I; 1965 s. 13(3); 1967 c. 88 s. 39(1 X*). 1920 s. 12(3); 1939 s. 7(1H3).

Sch. 3 Part I Part II Part HI Part IV 1933 s. 4(1), Sch. 1; 1957 Sch. 6 paras. 4,21; 1965 Sch. 1 para.12. 1965 ss. 14-16; 1967 c. 22 s. 38. 1933 Sch. 1; 1965 ss. 14(2), 15(1), 16(2). 1933 ss. 3(2M5), 16(1); 1938 s. 7(3).

Table of Derivations

RENT ACT—con t.

xliii

Section of 1968 Act Derivation

Sch.4 1957 Sch. 2.

Sch.5 1965 Sch. 2.

Sch.6 1965 ss. 29,44, Sch. 3 paras. 4-12,16(2H6).

Sch.7 1965 Sch. 4 paras. 3-13.

Sch.8 1957 ss. 19(4), 23,25(1), Sch. 5 Parts n and m.

Sch.9 1957 s. 25(1), Sdi. 1, except para. 16.

Sch. 10 1946 Sch.; 1965 s. 41

Sch. 11 1949 Sch. 1 para. 5(1), (2); 1954 c. 53 s. 39(1); 1965 Sch. 5 Parts II and HI.

Sch. 12 1920 ss. 1, 3, 4, 7, 12(1X6), 4(c); 1939 Sch. 1; 1952 Sch.; 1954 c. 53 Sch. 4.

Sch. 13 1957 s. 20, Sch. 1 para. 16; 1957 c. 56 Sch. 10; 1959 c. 33 s. 12(2); 1961 s. 29(4); 1963 Sch. 17 para. 19; 1965 s. 18(1).

Sch. 14 1920 s. 12(lXe), (2). [Modifications applicable to certain existing protected and statutory tenancies.]

Sch. 15 1952 s. 2(5); 1954 c. 53 s. 33(4); 1957 s. 22(2), Sch. 6 paras. 3, 6,12; 1959 c. 62 s. 4(6); 1965 s. 18, Sch. 6 paras. 5,11,12,14; 1967 c. 88 s. 39(1X6X0 [Amendments of other enactments].

Sch. 16 [Transitory provisions] 1949 s. 2(5), Sch. 1; 1952 Sch.; 1954 c. 53 s. 33(8); 1957 ss. 1(4), 18(2), Sch. 1 para. 5, Sch. 4, Sch. 6 paras. 5, 25, 26(2), Sch. 7; 1965 ss. 10, 20.

Sch. 17 [Enactments repealed.]

4 O* 2

xlv

TABLE VI

Effect of Legislation

Acts and Measures (in chronological order) repealed, amended or otherwise affected by those Acts and Statutory Instruments which received the Royal Assent or were made during 1968.

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

3 Edw. 1: c. 26 c. 31 Extortion by Officers of the Crown Act 1275. Tolls in Markets and Murage Act 1275. Rep Rep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

11 Hen. 6: c.6 Indictments Act 1433 ... Rep 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

27 Hen. 8: c. 24 Jurisdiction in Liberties Act 1535. Rep. (saving for s. 3) ... 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. I.

28 Hen. 8: c. 11 Tithe Act 1536 Excl. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, ss. 68(4), 70, sch. 7 para. 3 (1).

34 & 35 Hen. 8: c. 26 Laws in Wales Act 1542 . 47 rep. in pt. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. n.

37 Hen. 8: c. 1 Custos Rotulorum Act 1545. Rep. (residue) 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. U.

1 Edw. 6: c. 7 Justices of the Peace Act 1547. Rep. (residue) 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. U.

3 Chas. 1: c. 1 Petition of Right 1627 ... Ss. 3-5 rep., 8 rep. in pt. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

16 Chas. 1: c. 10 Habeas Corpus Act 1640 Rep. (residue) 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pts. I, II.

14 Chas. 2: c. 4 Act of Uniformity 1662 . 1 expld . 10 excl CA.M. No. 2, s. 1(4). C.A.M. No. 2, s. 2(1).

4 o* 3

xlvi

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number ] of Measure or 1 Statutory | Instrument

1 Will. & Mary:

c. 21 1 Anne: Great Seal Act 1688 ... . 2 rep . 3 rep 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. I. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt.II.

c.2 9 Anne: Demise of the Crown Act 1702. . 5 rep 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. I.

c. 19 15 Geo. 2: Gaming Act 1710 Excl. (prosp.) 65, s. 16(4).

c. 33 17 Geo. 2: Starr and Bent Act 1741 Rep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt.I.

c. 40 22 Geo. 2: Universities (Wine Licences) Act 1743. Ss. 11 rep. in pt., 12 rep. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. I.

c. 27 17 Geo. 3: Frauds by Workmen Act 1748. Rep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

c. 11 Worsted Act 1776 . 12 rep. in pt. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

c. 53 Clergy Residences Repair Act 1776. Ext. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s. 41, sch. 3 para. 7.

c. 56 36 Geo. 3: Frauds by Workmen Act 1777. Rep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

c. 88 SO Geo. 3: Hay and Straw Act 1796 Rep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. II.

c. 59 55 Geo. 3: Embezzlement by Collectors Act 1810. Rep. (residue) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

c. 50 56 Geo. 3: Gaol Fees Abolition Act 1815. Rep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

c. 98 Consolidated Fund Act . 1 am 13, s. 13(2).

59 Geo. 3: 1816. . 22 rep. 13, ss. 21(4), 24 (2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 76 5 Geo. 4: Bank of England Act 1819. Rep 13, ss. 12(7), 24 (2), sch. 6 Pt.I.

c. 83 Vagrancy Act 1824 . 4 am. (E.)t (.) excl. rep. in pt. (E.) (.)... , Ss. 16, 21 rep 27, ss. 17, 18, sch. 1 paras. 3, 8, 9, sch. 2 paras. 14, 19. 54,s.2(4). 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. II.

Effect of Legislation

xlvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

7 Geo. 4:

c. 16 Chelsea and Kilmainham Ss. 25 rep., 34 rep. in pt., 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Hospitals Act 1826. 38 rep. Pt. I.

10 Geo. 4:

c. 44 Metropolitan Police Act 1829. . 1 rep. in pt am 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. I. 69, s. 1, sch. 1.

1 & 2 Will. 4:

c. 22 London Hackney Carri- . 35 restr 7, s. 3(2), (3).

age Act 1831. . 55 rep. 7, s. 3(1).

3 &4 Will. 4:

c. 41 Judicial Committee Act 1833. Appl 56, s. 5(5).

4 & 5 Will. 4:

c. 21 Hay and Straw Act 1834 Rep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. II.

5 & 6 Will. 4:

c. 41 Gaming Act 1833 Excl. (prosp.) 65, s. 16(4).

6 & 7 Will. 4:

c. 19 Durham (County Palatine) Act 1836. . 3 rep 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

c. 86 Births and Deaths Registration Act 1836. . 35 Power to am. ... 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

7 WU1.4 & 1 Vict.:

c. 26 Wills Act 1837 . 15am.(E.) 28, s. 1(1).

1 & 2 Vict.:

c. 74 Small Tenements Recovery Act 1838. . 1 excl. (temp.) 23, s. 117(3), sch. 16 para. 14(2).

c. 106 Pluralities Act 1838 ... Ss. 2-27 rep. {prosp.) ... . 59 ext. (prosp.) . 95 rep. in pt. (prosp.) . 106 rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s. 95, sch. 9. C.A.M. No. 1, s. 68(4), sch. 7 para. 2. C.A.M. No. 1, s. 95, sch. 9. C.A.M. Nog 1, ss. 88(6), 95, sch. 9.

2 & 3 Vict:

c. 15 Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Act 1839. Rep. (residue) (prosp.)... 69, s. (8)2, sch. 5 Pt. II.

c. 47 Metropoliatn Police Act 1839. . 4 rep. in pt am Ss. 26-28, 30, 31 rep. ... . 46 rep. . 52 am. (prosp.) . 66 rep. in pt 69, s.8(2), sch. 5 Pt. I. 69, s. 1, sch. 1. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I. 54, s. 19(2), sch. 3 73, s. 131(6). 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. m.

c. 71 Metropolitan Police | Courts Act 1839. . 25 rep . 26 rep. ^Ic 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. HI. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I. 40*4

xlviii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

3 & 4 Vict:

c. SO Canals (Offences) Act 1840. Ss. 7, 8 rep Ss. 11 rep. in pt., 12 rep. Ss. 13,15,17,19 rep. ... 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 PL I. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. III. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. n.

c. 84 Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1840. . 11 rep. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 PL 1.

c. 113 Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act 1840. Ss. 32, 71, 72, 74 rep. (prosp.) . 83 expld. (prosp.) ... C.A.M. No. 1, s. 95, sch. 9. C.A.M. No. 1, s. 94, sch. 8 para. 14(a).

4 & 5 Vict.:

c. 39 Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act 1841. Ss. 3,10 rep. (prosp.) ... CA.M. No. 1, s. 95, sch. 9.

5 & 6 Vict:

c. 108 Ecclesiastical Leasing Act 1842. Ss. 12, 13 rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s. 95, sch. 9.

6 & 7 Vict.:

c. 40 Hosiery Act 1843 Rep. (exc. ss. 18-20) ... 60,s.33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

c. 68 Theatres Act 1843 Rep 54, ss. 1(1), 19(2), sch. 3.

8 & 9 Vict.:

c. 18 Lands Clauses Consolidation Act 1843. Mod. . 92 saved (prosp.) Incorp. (Mod.) (New Towns). Ss. 56-60 mod . 61 appl Ss. 62, 63-65, 67-70, 72, 74-79, 83-87 mod. Ss. 83-88 saved Ss. 114, 115,117 mod.... 34,8.13(3), sch. 3 para. 5. 72, s. 35(7).

c. 19 Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845. 16, s. 12(1), schs. 6,7. 34, s. 14(3), sch. 4 para. 5. 16, s. 19(3). 34, s. 14(3), sch. 4 para. 5. 16, s. 17(4). 34, s. 14(3), sch. 4 para. 5.

c. 20 Railways Clauses Consolidation Act 1845. Ss. 46, 50-52, 66 ext. (mod.) (prosp.) Ss. 50, 66 expld. . 68 excl. (level crossing) Ss. 105, 144, 152 appl. (mod.) 73, s. 117(6). 73, s. 120(2). 73, s. 124(2). 73, s. 156(2), sch. 16 para. 1.

c. 33 1 1 Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1845. . 6 appl. . 6 incorp Ss. 39, 43-45 ext. (mod.) (prosp.) Ss. 43, 58 expld. . 58 ext. (mod.) (prosp.) . 60 excl. (level crossings) Ss. 70-78 Power to incorp. (mod.) 16, s. 19(3). 16, s. 12(1), sch. 6 Pt. I. 73, s. 117(6) 73, s. 120(2). 73, s. 117(6) 73, s. 124(2). 16, s. 12(3).

Effect of Legislation

xlix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

8 & 9 Vict.: Railways Clauses Con-

c. 33—coni. solidation (Scotland) Act 1845—coni. Ss. 71-78 appl. (as originally enacted) (prosp.) Ss. 98, 136, 144 appl. (mod.) 47, s. 23. 73, s. 156(2), sch. 16 para. 1.

c. 109 Gaming Act 1845 Excl. (prosp.) . 17am.(E.) 65, s. 16(4). 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2 pt. n.

10 & 11 Vict. :

c. 16 Commissioners Clauses . 67 rep. in pt. (E.) (.) 60,s. 33(3), sch. 3

i Act 1847 Pt. I.

c. 89 Town Police Clauses Act 1847. . 46 am. (E.) .L No. 170.

11 & 12 Vict.: |

c. 36 Entail Amendment Act 1848. . 48 excl 70, s. 18(4).

c. 42 Indictable Offences Act 1848. . 30 rep. (prosp.) 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

13 & 14 Vict.:

c. 98 Pluralities Act 1850 Ss. 4,7,8,11 rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1 s. 95, sch. 9.

14 & 15 Vict :

c. 19 Prevention of Offences Act 1851. Ss. 12, 13 rep. (E.) ... 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt n.

15 & 16 Vict.:

c. 85 Burial Act 1852 . 21 rep. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II.

16 & 17 Vict: 1

c. 33 London Hackney Carriage Act 1853. Ss. 7,17(2) Power to am. 7, s. 2(1).

c. 83 Evidence (Amendment) Act 1853. . 3 rep. (E.) (exc. criminal proceedings). 64, s. 16(3).

17 & 18 Vict.:

c. 84 Augmentation of Benefices Act 1854. . 8 rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s. 95, sch. 9.

c. 94 Public Revenue and Consolidated Fund Charges Act 1854. . 2 rep 13, ss. 21(4), 24 (2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

18 & 19 Vict.:

c. 81 Places of Worship Regis- . 5 Power to am. 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

tration Act 1855. Ss. 5 am., 7 rep. in pt. ... . 11 Power to am. .I. No. 1242. 14, s. 5(1). sch. 3.

c. 126 Criminal Justice Act 1855 Rep. (residue) (E.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 pt. n.

19 & 20 Vict.:

c. 2 Metropolitan Police Act 1856. . 2 rep. in pt am. ... 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. I. 69, s. 1, sch. 1.

c. 113 Foreign Tribunals Evidence Act 1856. . 5 expld. (E.) 64, s. 17(2).

c. 114 Hay and Straw Act 1856 Rep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. II.

c. 119 Marriage amd Registra- . 24 Power to am. 14, s. 5(1), sch.3.

tion Act 1856. rep. in pt .I. No. 1242.

1

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

21 & 22 Vict.:

c. 57 Ecclesiastical Leasing Act 1858. . 10 rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s. 95, sch. 9.

22 Vict.:

c. 20 Evidence by Commission Act 1859. . 4 expld. (E.) 64, s. 17(2).

23 & 24 Vict.:

c. 90 Game Licences Act 1860 Ss. 2,7,13 am. (E.) (.)... .I. No. 120.

c. 142 , Union of Benefices Act 1860. Rep. (saving for ss. 8,26) (prosp.) C.A.M. No. l,ss. 94, 95, sch. 8 para. 5, sch. 9.

24 & 25 Vict.:

c. 3 Bank of England Act 1861. . 5 am. 13, s. 13(6), sch.

c. 47 Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861. . 3(2) rep 13,'ss. 3, 24(2), sch. 3, Pt. I, schs. 4, 6 Pt. H.

c. 94 Accessories and Abettors Act 1861. . 8 saved 9, s. 5(3).

c. 96 Larceny Act 1861 Rep. (E.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

c. 97 Malicious Damage Act 1861. Ss. 1-12, 14, 15, 26-29, 33-38, 54 am. (E.). . 73 rep. (E.) 27, s. 17(2), sch. 1 paras. 1, 8, 9. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

c. 98 Forgery Act 1861 . 3 rep. (E.) . 51 rep. (E.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

c. 100 Offences Against the Person Act 1861. Ss. 20-22, 30, 32, 38, 47, 56 am. (E.). . 71 rep. (E.) 27, s. 17(2), sch. 1 paras. 2, 8, 9. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

25 & 26 Vict.:

c. 69 Harbours Transfer Act 1862. . 20 rep. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt.II.

26 & 27 Vict.:

c. 25 Savings Bank Investment Act 1863. Rep 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 103 Misappropriation by Servants Act 1863. Rep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

c. 112 Telegraph Act 1863 Excl. (.) . 41 excl. (prosp.) 16, s. 24(1 X*). 18, s. 9.

28 & 29 Vict.:

c. 18 Criminal Procedure Act 1865. Ss. 3-5 appl. (E.) (prosp.) 64, s. 3(1).

c. 42 District Church Tithes Act 1865. Rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1 s. 95, sch. 9.

c. 63 Colonial Laws Validity Act 1865. Excl. (Mauritius) Excl. (prosp.) 8, s. 1(2), sch. 1 para. 1. 18, s. 15.

c. 122 Clerical Subscription Act 1865. . 7 expld. (prosp.) CAM. No. 1, s. 75(2).

Effect of Legislation

li

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

28 & 29 Vict.:

—cont.

c. 124 Admiralty Powers, &c. . 5 rep. (E.) 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

Act 1865. Ss. 5 rep. in pt., 6-9 rep. Pt. II. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. I.

c. 125 Dockyard Ports Regula- . 2 ext. (hovercraft) ... 59, ss. 3, 4(3),

tion Act 1865. sch. para. 1.

29 & 30 Vict.:

c. 30 Harbour Loans Act 1866 Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

PL II.

c. 37 Hop (Prevention of . 12 am 64, s. 17(3), sch.

Frauds) Act 1866. 13, s. 18(5).

c. 39 Exchequer and Audit . 13 excl

Departments Act 1866. . 21 rep 13, ss. 21(4), 24 (2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

30 & 31 Vict.:

c. 17 Lyon King of Arms Act Sch. B Power to am. ... 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

1867.

31 & 32 Vict.:

c. 37 Documentary Evidence Appl .I. No. 729.

Act 1868. Sch. am. .I. No. 729,1699

c. 45 Sea Fisheries Act 1868... Ss. 1, 5 definitions of 77, s. 22(2), sch. 2

"person", "the Irish Fishery Commission- Pt. I.

ers " rep. . 5 definitions of " Great 77,s.22(2), sch. 2

Britain and Ireland ", "United Kingdom", " exclusive fishery limits of the British Islands ", " exclusive fishery limits of France" Pt. II.

rep. (prosp.). . 26 am. (prosp.) 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1

para. 23.

Ss. 57 rep. in pt. (prosp.), 77, s. 22(2), sch. 2

63 rep. (prosp.), 65 rep. in pt. (prosp.), 66 rep. Pt. II.

(prosp.).

. 67 rep. 77, s.22(2), sch. 2

PL I.

. 70 rep. in pt. (prosp.)... 77,s.22(2), sch. 2

Pt. II.

. 70 proviso rep. 77, s. 22(2), sch. 2

Pt. I.

c. 72 Promissory Oaths Act Ss. 2,4 excl. (E.) (prosp.) 69, s. 1(3).

1868.

c. 100 Court of Session Act 1868 . 91 ext 42, ss. 10(11), 11(7).

32 & 33 Vict.:

c. 47 High Constables Act 1869 Rep. (residue) 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

Pt. I.

c. 57 Seamen’s Clothing Act Rep. (E.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

1869. Pt. n.

c. 62 Debtors Act 1869 . 13 para. (1) rep. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. I.

lii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

32 & 33 Vict: —cont.

c.68 Evidence Further Amendment Act 1869. . 3 proviso rep. (E.) ... 64, s. 16(5).

c. 115 Metropolitan Public Carriage Act 1869. . 9 rep. in pt . 9(3) am 7, s. 5(2). 7, 8. 1(1).

33 & 34 Vict:

c. 52 Extradition Act 1870 ... Sch. 1 rep. in pt. 60, s. 33(3), (4), sch. 3 Pt. III.

c. 58 Forgery Act 1870 Rep. (residue) (E.) (.)... 60,s.33(3), sch. 3 PL I.

c. 65 Larceny (Advertisements) Act 1870. Rep. (E.) 60,s.33(3), sch. 3 Pt. II.

c. 71 34 & 35 Vict.: National Debt Act 1870 Ext. Ss. 6,12,14 am. 13, s. 16(4). 13^s. 13(6), sch.

c. 31 Trade Union Act 1871... . 7 rep. in pt (.) 70, ss. 21, 22(3), sch. 3.

c. 36 Pensions Commutation Act 1871. . 12 rep 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt I.

c. 78 Regulation of Railways Act 1871. Am . 4(1) am 73, s. 156(2), sch. 16 para. 2. 73, s. 125(1).

c. 90 Union of Benefices Acts Amendment Act 1871. Rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s. 95, sch. 9.

c. 96 Pedlars Act 1871 . 5 am. (E.) .I. No. 170.

c. 112 Prevention of Crimes Act 1871. . 7 am. (.) Ss. 10,11 rep. (E.) (.)... . 15 am. (E.) excl. 27, ss. 17, 18, sch. 2 paras. 15,19. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt II. 27, s. 17(2), sch. 1 paras. 3,9. 54, s. 2(4).

35 & 36 Vict.:

c. 14 Diocesan Boundaries Act 1872. Rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s. 95, sch. 9.

c. 23 Isle of Man Harbours Act 1872. . 20 rep. in pt. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 pt. n.

c. 93 Pawnbrokers Act 1872... . 30 para. 2 rep. (E.) ... . 37 am. . 38 am. (E.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. m. .I. No. 120. 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2 pt. m.

36 & 37 Vict.:

c. 48 Regulation of Railways Act 1873. . 17 excl Power to excl. ... 73, s. 105(5). 73, s. 112(1).

c. 60 Extradition Act 1873 ... Sch. am 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2 Pt. H.

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict:

c. 36 False Personation Act 1874. Rep. (E.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

c. 45 County of Hertford and Liberty of St. Albans Act 1874. . 5 rep. in pt 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt U.

c. 63 Archdeaconries and Rural Deaneries Act 1874. Rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s. 95, sch. 9.

Effect of Legislation

liii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

37 & 38 Vict.: —coni.

c. 88 Birth and Deaths Regis- . 28 Power to am. 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

tration Act 1874. rep. inpt. .I. No. 1242.

38 & 39 Vict.:

c. 17 Explosives Act 1875 ... Ext. (hovercraft) Ss. 15, 18, 21 am. (E.), (.). . 49, sch. 3 Power to am. 59, ss. 3, 4(3), sch. para. 2. .I. No. 170,248. 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

c. 24 Falsification of Accounts Act 1875. Rep. (E.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 PL I.

c. 25 Public Stores Act 1875... . 12 subst 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2 Pt. II.

c. 45 Sinking Fund Act 1875... Rep 13, ss. 17(1), 21 (4), 24(2), sch. 6PL I.

c. 53 Public Health Act 1875... . 164 excl Ss. 242,243 rep., 301 rep. in pt. 41, s. 7(7). 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II.

c. 38 Public Works Loans (Money) Act 1875. Rep 13, s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II.

c. 83 Local Loans Act 1875 ... . 28 rep. . 32 rep. 13,s.24<2), sch. 6 Pt. n. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. m.

c. 89 Public Works Loans Act 1875. . 3 rep . 5(3) rep. in pt. . 9 appl. Ss. 9 rep. in pt., 40 rep., 41, 43 rep. in pt . 44 rep. (E.) (.) Ss. 49, 56, sch. 1 rep. ... 13, s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II. 13, ss. 3(7), 24 g), sch. 6 Pt. 13, s. 3(11). 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II. 60,s.33(3), sch. 3 Pt. L 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II.

39 & 40 Vict.:

c. 20 Statute Law Revision (Substituted Enactments) Act 1876. . 4 rep. (E.) (.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 pt. n.

c. 31 Public Works Loans (Money) Act 1876. . 6 rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt.H.

c. 59 Appellate Jurisdiction Act 1876. . 6 am. and rep. in pt.... . 14 residue rep. . 25 definition of "High judicial office " rep. in pt. 5, s. 1(1), (5), sch. 5, s. 1(5), sch. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. I.

c. 70 Sheriff Courts Act 1876... . 45 am. .L No. 140.

c. 75 Rivers Pollution Prevention Act 1876. Rep. (prosp.) (.) 47, s. 60(2), sch. 2.

c. 77 Cruelty to Animals Act 1876. . 3 saved 34, s. 1(2).

liv

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

40 & 41 Vict.:

c. 2 Treasury Bills Act 1877 Ss. 3 rep., 5 rep. inpt. ... 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 5 am Ss. 6, 7, rep 13, s. 13(6), sch. 5 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 8 ext 13, s. 12(5X6).

. 13 rep. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

c. 59 Colonial Stock Act 1877 . 21 rep. (E.) (.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt.IH.

41 & 42 Vict.:

c. 18 Public Works Loans Act Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

1878. Pt. n.

c. 51 Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act 1878. . 41 ext 16, s. 41(2).

42 & 43 Vict:

c. 22 Prosecution of Offences . 2 am., 2A added 19, s. 52(1), sch.

Act 1879. 5.

43 & 44 Vict:

c. 9 Statutes (Definition of Rep. (saving) 45, s. 5(2), sch. 2.

Time) Act 1880.

c. 41 Burial Laws Amendment . 13 am. and rep. in pt. C.A.M. No. 2,

Act 1880. s. 5.

44 & 45 Vict.:

c. 12 Customs and Inland Rev- . 38(2Xa) am 44, s. 35(1), (5),

enue Act 1881. sch. 14 paras. 1, 2(1).

c. 38 Public Works Loans Acts . 7 rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

1881. Pt. n.

c. 41 Conveyancing Act 1881 . 9 ext. (N.I.) 73, s. 16 4(1), sch. 17 Pt.npara.7

45 & 46 Vict:

c. 38 Settled Land Act 1882 ... . 25 am. (N.I.) .I. No. 703.

c. 50 Municipal Corporations . 157(2) rep. in pt. 69, ss. 1(3), 8(2),

Act 1882. sch. 5 Pt. H.

. 163(3) am . 163(4) rep. in pt. 69, s. 1, sch. 1. 69, ss. 1(3), 8(2),

sch. 5 Pt. II.

Ss. 168(2) rep. in pt., 239, 240, 249, sch. 8 rep. 69, s. 8(2), sch.5.

c. 61 Bills of Exchange Act . 73 ext 13, s. 14(7).

1882.

c. 72 Revenue, Friendly Socie- . 18 am. 13, s. 13(6), sch.

ties and National Debt 5.

Act 1882. . 18 proviso rep. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt.I.

c. 75 Married Women’s Pro- Ss. 12, 16 rep. (residue) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

perty Act 1882. (E.) Pt. in.

46 & 47 Vict.:

c. 3 Explosive Substances Ss. 2-4 am. (.) 27, ss. 17,18, sch.

Act 1883. 2 paras. 16,19.

. 6(2) am. (E.) 64, s. 17(3), sch.

c. 10 Customs and Inland Rev- . 5 am .I. No. 120.

enue Act 1883.

c. 22 Sea Fisheries Act 1883 ... Rep. (saving) 77, s. 22(2X6),

sch. 2, Pt. n.

Effect of Legislation

lv

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

47 & 48 Vict.:

c. 14 Married Women’s Pro- Rep. (E.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

perty Act 1884. pt.m.

c. 23 National Debt (Conver- . 1(5) am 13, s. 13(6), sch.

sion of Stock) Act 1884 5. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

Ss. 1(5) rep. in pt., 9 (definition of " National

Pt.I

Debt ") rep.

c. 44 Naval Pensions Act 1884 . 2 rep. in pt 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. HI.

c. 55 Pensions and Yeomanry . 3 rep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pay Act 1884. Pt. I.

c. 62 Revenue Act 1884. . 13 rep. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

PL I.

c. 72 Disused Burial Grounds . 3 excl. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. l,ss.

Act 1884. 30(2), 51(6).

48 & 49 Vict.:

c. 70 Sea Fisheries (Scotland) . 1 am. (prosp.) 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1

Amendment Act 1885. para. 24.

. 3 rep. (prosp.) 77,s.22(2), sch. 2

Pt. n.

. 4 am. (prosp.) 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1

para. 25.

. 5 rep. (prosp.) 77, s. 22(2), sch. 2

Pt. n.

. 6 rep. in pt. (prosp.) and 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1

am. (prosp.) . 6A added (prosp.) ... para. 26. 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1

para. 27.

. 7 proviso added 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1

(prosp.) para. 28.

. 8 am. (prosp.) 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1

para. 29.

. 10 am. (prosp.) 77, s.22(l), sch. 1

para. 30.

49 & 50 Vict.:

c. 31 Oxford University Rep 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

(Justices) Act 1886. Pt. n.

50 & 51 Vict.:

c. 16 National Debt and Local Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Loans Act 1887. Pt. H.

c. 28 Merchandise Marks Act Rep 29, s. 41(2), sch.

1887. i 2.

c. 40 Savings Banks Act 1887 . 10 Power to am. am. (.) (E.) 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3. .I. Nos. 1177,

1242.

c. 55 Sheriffs Act 1887 . 29 (2)(b) rep., (6) rep. in 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

pt. Pt. I.

c. 68 Pluralities Act 1887 Rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s.

95, sch. 9.

c. 71 Coroners Act 1887 . 8(2) rep. in pt. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. I.

51 & 52 Vict.:

c.2 National Debt (Conver- . 2(5) am Pt. IV (ss. 14-33) power 13, s. 13(6), sch. 5

sion) Act 1888. 13, s. 14(3)

to ext., as originally enacted (mod.)

lvi

Effect of Legislation

! Chapter of 1968

Session and 1 Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

51 & 52 Vict:

cont.—

c. 25 Railways and Canal . 40 excl 73, s. 113(6)

Traffic Act 1888. . 45 rep. and superseded 73, ss. 112(7), 165

(c), sch. 18 Pt. III.

c. 41 Local Government Act Ss. 7(a) rep., 28(2) rep. in 54, s. 19(2), sch.

1888. pt. 3.

Ss. 41(1), (2), 42(13), 67 8.78(2) rep. in pt. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. I. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

Pt II.

. 83(4) appl. (London) 69, s. 1, sch. 3

Cprosp.) . 100 definition of para. 4(2). 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

"quarter sessions" rep. in pt. (prosp.) Pt. n.

52 & 53 Vict.:

c. 7 Customs and Inland Re- . 11(1) rep. in pt. 44, s. 61(10), sch.

venue Act 1889. 20 Pt. IV.

c. 10 Commissioners for Oaths . 6 Power to appl. (mod.) 18, s. 10(3).

Act 1889.

c. 63 Interpretation Act 1889 . 13 (12),(13) rep. in pt. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

(prosp.) . 22 am . 26 expld. (prosp.) ... Pt. n. 13, s. 1(6) C.A.M. No. 1, s.

83(5).

. 33 saved 67, s. 133 (2).

. 37 saved (E.) 37, s. 4(2)

(London) ... 69, s. 1, sch. 3

. 38 saved (E.) h.). ... (prosp.) ... para. 9(1). 23, s. 117(4). 31, s. 68(2). C.A.M. No. 1, s.

94. sch. 8 para. 15.

. 38(2) appl. ... J 20, s. 51(8). 42, s. 13(4 45, s. 4(2), sch. 1

L para. 1.

. 38(2) appl. (E.) appl. (E.) (prosp.) 19, s. 47(7). 23, s. 117(3), sch.

1 16 para. 14(3).

c. 72 Infectious Disease (Notification) Act 1889. Ext. (.) . 4(2) rep. in pt. (.) ... 46, s. 73. 46, ss. 74, 78(2),

sch. 4.

53 & 54 Vict.:

c. 27 Colonial Courts of . 4 excl 8, s. 1(2), sch. 1

Admiralty Act 1890. . 7 restr. para. 4. 8, s. 1(2), sch. 1

para. 4.

c. 59 Public Health Acts . 44 excl. 41, s. 7(7).

Amendment Act 1890.

. 51 para. 1 am. .I.No. 170.

54 & 55 Vict.:

c. 15 Merchandise Marks Act Rep 29, s. 41(2), sch.

1891. 2.

c. 24 , Public Accounts and . 4 rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

' Charges Act 1891. Pt. I.

Effect of Legislation

lvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

54 & 55 Vict.:

—coni. c. 36

c. 37 ...

Consular Salaries and Excl.

Fees Act 1891.

. 2(3) rep. (E.) (.) ...

Fisheries Act 1891

. 3 am. (prosp.)

Ss. 5 rep. (prosp.), 6(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.), (2) rep. (prosp,)

. 13 rep. in pt. (prosp.)...

18, s. 13(4).

60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

18, s. 13(4).

77, s. 22(2), sch. 2

pt. n.

77, s. 22(1) (2), sch. 1 para. 31, sch. 2 Pt. n.

c. 39

c. 69

Stamp Act 1891...

Penal Servitude Act 1891

. 12 appl

. 112 excl

Sch. 1 (Bills of exchange-exemption 1) ext.

(Bills of exchange or promissory note) mod. . 7 am. (E.)

73, s. 160(5) 73, s. 160(2). 13, s. 14(7).

44, s. 57.

27, s. 17(2), sch. 1 paras. 3, 9.

55 & 56 Vict 56 Vict.: c. 9 ... c. 43 ...

c. 48 ...

c. 55 ...

Gaming Act 1892 Military Lands Act 1892

Bank Act 1892

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892.

Excl. (prosp.)

. 7 rep

Ss. 1-4 rep., 5(1) rep. in pt.

Ss. 107. Ill rep. in pt.

(prosp.)

. 134 mod

Ss. 214-217 rep. (prosp.) . 218 rep. (prosp)

Ss. 219-222,224,225,227 rep. (prosp.), 228 rep. in pt. (prosp.), 229-232 rep. (prosp.) 233 rep. in pt. (prosp.), 234-237, 242 rep. (prosp.) 243, 250 rep. in pt. (prosp.)

. 275 am

Ss. 329, 330, 332 rep. in pt. (prosp.), 361, 362, 364 rep. (prX 366-369 rep. in pt. (prosp.)

. 380 excl

. 395 am

rep. inpt.

. 396 am.

Ss. 398-402 am.... . 402 rep. in pt.

65, s. 16(4).

13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. n. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

47, s. 60(2), sch. 2

16, s. 41(2)

47,8.60(2), sch. 2 47, ss. 18(1), 60 (2), sch. 2.

47, s. 60(2), sch. 2

.I. No. 248. 47,s.60(2), sch. 2

54, s. 2(4).

54, s. 19(1), sch. 2 54, s. 19(1), (2), schs. 2, 3.

.I. No. 248.

54, s. 19(1), sch. 2 54, s. 19(1) (2), schs. 2, 3.

Sch. 5 para. 2(d) am. ... .I. No. 248.

Sch. 6 rep. in pt. (prosp.) 47, s. 60(2), sch. 2

56 & 57 Vict.: c. 71 ...

Sale of Goods Act 1893

. 24 rep. (E.) ...

2. 24(1) susp. (N.I.) excl. (N.I.) ext. (N.I.)

... 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. III.

... 21, s. 31(1)

... 21, s. 31(3).

... 21, s. 45(4).

lviii

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

57 & 58 Vict.:

c. 11 Public Works Loans Act Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

1894. Pt. II.

c. 19 Merchandise Marks (Pro- Rep 29, s. 41(2), sch. 2

secutions) Act 1894.

c. 30 Finance Act 1894 . 2(1 )(c) restr. (gifts inter 44, s. 36

vivos) expld 44, ss. 38(3M5),

39(1).

excl. (gifts inter vivos) 44, ss. 36(8), 37.

. 2(3) am 44, s. 35(1) (5),

. 4 ext. expld . 45 saved sch. 14 paras. 1, 2(2). 44, s. 38(11). 44, s. 38.

c. 58 Local Government (Scot- 47, s. 18(5)

land) Act 1894.

c. 60 Merchant Shipping Act Ss. 154(d) rep. (E.)(.X*) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

1894. rep. in pt. (E.) (.), 180(d) rep. (E.)(.),(e) rep. in pt. (E.) (.), 197(8)(d), 248 rep. (E.) Pt. I.

(.). . 373(6) subst. (prosp.)... 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1 para. 32.

. 374 am. {prosp.) 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1

para. 33.

. 388(5) rep. in pt. (E.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

(.). Pt. I.

. 427(2) am 8, s. 4(3), sch. 2

para. 7.

Pt. VIII (ss. 502-509) 59, s. 1(1X0-

Power to ext.

PL IX (ss. 510-571) ext. Ss. 661, 674 rep. 77, s. 17. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 723 appl. {prosp.) ... 77, s. 8(6).

. 724(4) rep. in pt. (E.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

(.). Pt. I.

Ss. 735, 736 excl. 8, s. 1(2), sch. 1

para. 4.

58 & 59 Vict.:

c. 16 Finance Act 1895 . 12 mod. (.) 16, s. 16(1), sch. 7

para. 13.

excl. 73, s. 160(1).

c. 42 Sea Fisheries Regulation . 3 am. {prosp.) 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1

(Scotland) Act 1895. para. 34.

59 & 60 Vict.:

c. 25 Friendly Societies Act Ss. 2(2)(a) rep., 6 rep. in 55, s. 20(1)(6),

1896. pt. sch. 2.

. 13 excl 55, s. 12(3).

. 16 am. 55, s. 20(1)(«),

. 26 rep. sch. 1 para. 3. 55, s. 20(1X6),

sch. 2.

. 27 Power to appl. ... am. . 27(1), (2)(b)am. . 27(2 ){a\(c) rep. ... 55, s. 4(7). 55, s. 11(6). 55, s. 11(1). 55, ss. 11(8), 20

(1)(6), sch. 2.

. 27(3) am 55, s. 11(4).

Effect of Legislation

lix

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

59 & 60 Vict.:

c. 25—coni. Friendly Societies Act . 28 am. 55, s. 16(1).

1896—coni. Power to excl. or am. . 28(1X6) rep . 28(2X6) rep. in pt. ... . 28(3) rep 55, s. 16(3H6). 55, s. 16(2), 20(1) (6), sch. 2. 55, s. 20(1X6), sch. 2. 55, s. 16(2), 20(1) (6), sch. 2.

. 28(5) rep. in pt. 55, s. 20(1X6),

sch. 2.

. 29 am. 55, s. 20(1 Xa),

sch. 1 para. 1.

. 30(1) rep. in pt. and 55, s. 20(lXa),

am. sch. 1 para. 2.

. 30(1) am . 30(2) rep 55, s. 16(1). 55, s. 20(1)(6),

sch. 2.

. 39(a)(6) am . 39(6) subst 55, s. 11(5). 55, s. 20(1 )(a).

sch. 1 para. 4. 55, s. 20(1X6),

. 80(1) rep. in pt.

sch. 2.

. 87(2) rep. (E.) (.) ... 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. H.

. 97 Power to am. . 97(1X2) am. (.), (E.), 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3. .I. Nos. 1177,

(3) rep. (.) (E.). 1242.

. 98(3) restr 55, s. 11(3).

. 100 am 55, s. 20(1 )(a).

sch. 1 para. 5.

Sch. 1 am 55, s. 17(4)7

para. 2 expld. ... 55, s. 17(1).

mod. 55, s. 17(2)(3).

para. 6 am. 55, s. 20(1 )(a).

para. 10 subst. ... sch. 1 para. 6. 55, s. 20(1 )(a).

sch. 1 para. 7.

para. 11 am. 55, s. 20(1 )(a).

sch. 1 para. 8.

c.42 Public Works Loans Act Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

1896. Pt. 11.

c. 48 Light Railways Act 1896 Ext. (orders) 73, s. 121(4).

60 & 61 Vict.:

c. 6 Military Lands Act 1897 . 1 rep. in pt 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. n.

c. 27 Public Offices (Whitehall) . 4 rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Site Act 1897. Pt. I.

c. 30 Police (Property) Act 1897 Ext 60, s. 26(4).

. 1(1) rep. in pt. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

pt. m.

ext 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2

Pt. II.

c. 38 Public Health (Scotland) . 3 am. (ship) 46, s. 62(2).

Act 1897. . 16 ext. 73, s. 108(2).

power to apply ... . 18 ext. (medical officer) 73, s. I12(3X<0. 46, s. 73.

lx

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

60 & 61 Vict.:

c. 38—coni. Public Health (Scotland) . 28 am. • • 47, s.60(l), sch. 1

Act 1897— corn. para. 1.

. 45 rep. ... 46, s. 78(2), sch. 4. 47, s. 60(2), sch. 2.

Ss. 101-112,114,115 rep.

. 116 am. (prosp.) ... 47, s. 60(1), sch. 1

para. 2.

Ss. 116 rep. in pt (prosp 47, s. 60(2), sch.

117, 119, 120, 122, 139 2.

rep. (prosp.).

c. 51 Public Works Loans Act Rep ... 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

1897. Pt n.

61 & 62 Vict.

c. 10 Finance Act 1898 . 15 rep. ... 13, s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. C.A.M. No. 1,

c. 23 Union of Benefices Act Rep. (prosp.)

1898. s. 95, sch. 9.

c. 36 Criminal Evidence Act Sch. rep. in pt. ... ... 60,s.33(3), sch. 3

1898. Pts. n. III.

c. 44 Merchant Shipping (Mer- . 2(4) rep. in pt. ... 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

cantile Marine Fund) Act 1898. Pt L

Sch. 2 scale subst., rr. 1, .I. No. 580.

7 am.

c. 48 Benefices Act 1898 . 2(2) excL (prosp.) ... C.A.M. No. 1,

s. 23(4), sch. 3 para. 4(3).

c. 57 Elementary School . 10 rep. ... 60, s.33(3), sch. 3

Teachers (Superannuation) Act 1898. Pt I.

62 & 63 Vict.:

c. 9 Finance Act 1899 . 8 excL ... 73, s. 160(2), (4).

c. 19 Electric lighting (Clauses) Sch. Appendix's. 38 rep. in pt. 60, s.33(3), sch. 3 Pt I.

c. 30 Commons Act 1899 ... . 22 excl. 41, s. 9(4), sch. 2

para. 3(6).

c. 31 Public Works Loans Act Rep •.. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

1899. Pt n.

c. 36 Colonial Loans Act 1899 Rep ... 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt n. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

c. 44 Small Dwellings Acquisi- . 9(7) rep.

tion Act 1899. Pt. n.

63 & 64 Vict:

c. 56 Military Lands Act 1900 . 1(2) rep. in'pt. ... 13, s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt n.

1 Edw. 7:

c. 7 Finance Act 1901 . 10 excl. (temp.) ... 74. s. 1(10). 47, s. 60(2), sch.

c. 24 Burgh Sewerage, Drain- Rep .(prosp.) ... ...

age and Water Supply (Scotland) Act 1901. 2.

3 Edw. 7:

c. 31 Board of Agriculture and . 1(8) rep. •. • 29, s. 41(2), sch.

Fisheries Act 1903. 2.

Effect of Legislation

lxi

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

3 Edw. 7—coni.

c. 33 Burgh Police (Scotland) . 25 rep. (prosp.) 47, s. 60(2), sch.

Act 1903. 2.

. 80 am. 54, s. 19(1), sch.

. 98(6) rep. in pt 47,‘s. 60(2), sch. 2. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

c. 37 Irish Land Act 1903 ... . 32 rep.

Pt I.

c. 46 Revenue Act 1903 . 16(1) rep. in pt. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. n.

6 Edw. 7

c. 14 Alkali, &c. Works Regu- Am. (E.) (.) 62,s.ll(2M9).

lation Act 1906.

c. 16 Justices of the Peace Act Ss. 1 rep., 3 rep. (E.) ... 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt I.

1906.

. 4 rep. (E., exc. to City 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

of London) (prosp.). Ptn.

c. 20 Revenue Act 1906 . 10 rep. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt L

c. 48 Merchant Shipping Act . 28(10) rep. in pt. (E.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

1906. (.). Pt. I.

. 72 saved 77, s. 17.

7 Edw. 7:

c. 23 Criminal Appeal Act 1907 Rep 19, s. 54, sch. 7.

c. 36 Public Works Loans Act Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

1907. Pt. n.

c. 43 Education (Administra- . 8 rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

tive Provisions) Act 1907. Ptn.

c. 51 Sheriff Courts (Scotland) . 4 ext. (hovercraft) ... 59, ss. 2(1), 4(3).

Act 1907. . 45 am., sch. 1 rule 15A .I. No. 1149.

added.

c. 53 Public Health Acts Ss. 76,77 exd 41, s. 7(7).

Amendment Act 1907. . 94(1) am .I. No. 170.

c. 55 London Cab and Stage Carriage Act 1907. . 1 am 7, s. 1(1).

8 Edw. 7:

c. 23 Public Works Loans Act Rep 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

1908. pt.n.

c. 36 Small Holdings and Ss. 52(2), 53(5) rep. ... 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

Allotments Act 1908. Pt. n.

9 Edw. 7:

c. 21 Irish Handloom Weavers Rep 29, s. 41(2), sch.

Act 1909. 2.

c. 30 Cinematograph Act 1909 . 2(5) am. (E.), (.) ... .I. Nos. 170,

248.

. 7(1) rep. 54, s. 19(2), sch. 3. 16, s. 25(1).

c. 47 Development and Road . 10 appl. (.)

Improvement Funds Act 1909.

10 Edw. 7 &

1 Geo. 5: c. 8 Finance (1909-10) Act . 59(1) rep 44, s. 61(10), sch.

1910. . 59(2) rep. in pt 20 Pt. IV. 44, ss. 36(6), 37

(3), 61(10), sch. 20PtIV.

. 59(3) am 44, s. 35(5), sch.

14 para. 2(3).

lxii

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1 & 2 Geo. 5:

c. 13 Parliament Act 1911 ... . 1(2) am 13, s. 1(5).

c. 27 Protection of Animals Saved 34, s. 8(5).

Act 1911.

c. 31 Merchandise Marks Act Rep 29, s. 41(2), sch.

1911. 2.

c. 49 Small Landholders (Scot- . 32(15) am 34, ss. 15(1 A), 16,

land) Act 1911. sch. 5 paras. 4,

2 & 3 Geo. 5:

c. 14 Protection of Animals Saved 34, s. 8(5).

(Scotland) Act 1912.

3 & 4 Geo. 5:

c. 3 Provisional Collection of Rep. (E.), (.) 2, s. 6(2), sch.

Taxes Act 1913.

c. 21 Appellate Jurisdiction Act Rep. (residue) 5, s. 1(5), sch.

1913.

c. 27 Forgery Act 1913 . 12 residue rep. 69, s. 8(2),rsch. 5

Pt.II.

4 & 5 Geo. 5:

c. 14 Currency and Bank Notes Rep. (E.) (.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Act 1914. Pt. II.

c. 31 Housing Act 1914 . 2 rep 13, s. 24(2),rsch. 6

Pt.I.

c. 59 Bankruptcy Act 1914 ... Ss. 154(1) paras. (13), 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

(14), 156(a), 160 rep. Pt. 1.

. 166 am 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2

pt.m.

5 & 6 Geo. 5:

c. 1 Anglo-Portuguese Com- . 1 am 29, s. 41(1), sch. 1

mercial Treaty Act 1914. para. 1.

c. 62 Finance Act 1915 . 25 rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. 1.

c. 83 Naval and Military War . 5 rep. (E.) (.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pensions, &c. Act 1915. Pt. I.

6 & 7 Geo. 5:

c. 39 Anglo-Portuguese Com- . 1(1) am 29, s. 41(1), sch. 1

mercial Treaty Act 1916. para. 2.

c. 45 Time (Ireland) Act 1916 Rep 45, s. 5(2), sch. 2.

c. 50 Larceny Act 1916 Rep. (E.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. I.

c. 58 Registration of Business . 20 rep. 32, s. 18(2), sch.

Names Act 1916. 4.

c. 68 New Ministries and Sec- Ss. 1,2,10 rep., 11(1), (2), .I. No. 729.

retaries Act 1916. (3) am., (4), (5), 12(3), 14, sch. rep.

7 & 8 Geo. 5:

c. 21 Venereal Disease Act . 2(2) rep. in pt. 67, s. 135(2), sch.

1917. 6.

. 2(2) proviso am. (prosp.) 67, s. 135(1), sch.

5 para. 1.

Effect of Legislation

lxiii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Geo. 5: c. 21 ...

c. 37 ...

Ministry of Health Act 1919.

War Loan Act 1919 ...

Ss. 1 rep., 2 am., 3 rep 6 rep. in pt., 7 rep 8(3) rep. in pt., 11(4), sch. 1 rep.

. 1(1), (2) rep.

. 1(3) am.

.I. No. 1699.

13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

13, s. 13(6), sch.

c. 50 c. 59 c. 75

c. 92

Ministry of Transport Act 1919.

Land Settlement (Facilities) Act 1919.

Ferries (Acquisition by Local Authorities) Act 1919.

Aliens Restriction (Amendment) Act 1919.

. 1(5)(6) rep

. 3(3) am

. 20 ext.

. 14 rep.

Appl

. 4 rep. in pt

. 1 cont. until 31.12.1969

13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

13, s. 13(6), sch.

73, s. 158.

13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II.

73, s. 10(5).

60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

76, s. 1(1), sch.

10 & 11 Geo. 5: c. 17

c. 36 ...

c. 43 ...

c. 54 ... c. 67 ...

Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1920. Pensions (Increase) Act 1920.

Firearms Act 1920

Seeds Act 1920

Government of Ireland Act 1920.

Excl. (.)

Rep. (E.)

. 5 rep. (E.) (.)

. 6 functions transfd. to Secy, of State (N.I.).

Saved

Ext. (prosp.)

Ext {

. 4 mod. {prosp.)

. 4 mod.

. 4(1) paras. (l)(7)excl.

para. (10) mod.... . 4 para. (13) rep. in pt. (retrosp.).

. 6 mod.

. 20(3) rep. in pt. . 21(2) rep. in pt.

. 26(2) am

Sch. 6 para. 1 am.

16, s. 22(3).

23, s. 117(5), sch. 17.

60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

.I. No. 1200.

29, s. 2(4).

53, s. 13.

44, s. 41(7).

60, s. 36(2).

49, s. 96.

21, s. 52(1).

63, s. 4(3).

64, s. 19.

61, s. 13(1).

61, s. 13(1).

29, ss. 40(2), 41 (2), sch. 2.

13, s.,23(2).

21, s. 52(2).

29, s. 40(7).

32, s. 17.

44, s. 51(4).

45, s. 2(2).

54, s. 2(2), sch. para. 8(3).

67, s. 134(2).

73, s. 164(2).

13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II.

13, s. 3(4).

13j_ s. 13(6), sch.

lxiv

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

10 & 11 Geo. 5

c. 67—con/. Government of Ireland Sch. 7 Pt. n para. 1(1) am. 5, s.l(l) (5), sch.

Act 1920—con/. and rep. in pt. Sch. 7 Pt. K para. 2 rep. 5,s. 1(5), sch.

c. 75 Official Secrets Act 1920 . 5(1) am. (E.), (.) ... .I. Nos. 170,

248.

11 & 12 Geo. 5:

c. 7 Tribunals of Inquiry (Evi- . 1(3) am. (E.) 64, s. 17(1X«).

dence) Act 1921.

c. 16 Importation of Plumage (Prohibition) Act 1921. . 2(6) rep 32, s. 18(2), sch. 4.

c. 32 Finance Act 1921 . 45(1) am 13, s. 13(6), sch. 5. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

. 45(2) rep. in pt.

PUL

. 51 definition of "gov- 13, s. 16(1), (2).

ernment stock " am.

c. 39 Admiralty Pensions Act . 1(2) rep. (E.) (.) ... 60,s.33(3), sch. 3 Pt I.

1921.

c. 49 War Pensions Act 1921... . 7(2) rep. (E.) (.) ... 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

c. 58 Trusts (Scotland) Act . 9 exd. (25.11.1968) ... 70, s. 18(4).

1921.

12 & 13 Geo. :

c. 22 Summer Time Act 1922 Rep. (saving) . 3(1)am. (if revived) ... 45, s. 5(2), sch. 2. 45, s. 4(2), sch. 1

para. 3.

c. 51 Allotments Act 1922 ... . 18(1) rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. n.

13 & 14 Geo. 5:

c. 4 Fees (Increase) Act 1923 Ss. 7, 9 Power to am. ... 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

. 9 am .I. No. 656.

c. 8 Industrial Assurance Act . 8(2Xo) expld. 55, s. 17(1).

1923. . 15(2) rep 55, s. 20(1 X^)»

sch. 2.

. 19(3) am 55, s. 17(5).

c. 24 Housing, Sue. Act 1923 ... . 2 restr. (.) . 6(1) rep. in pt. 31, s. 59. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

PtII.

c. 32 Rent and Mortgage In- Rep. (E.) 23, s. 117(5), sch.

terest Restrictions Act 1923. 17. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

c. 34 Agricultural Credits Act . 1 rep

1923. Pt. n.

14 & 15 Geo. 5: 23, s. 117(5), sch.

c. 18 Prevention of Eviction Rep. (E.)

Act 1924. 17.

c. 22 Carriage of Goods by Sea Power to apply 59, s. 1(1X0.

Act 1924. 23, ss. 30, 44(5),

c. 35 Housing (Financial Pro- . 2 mod. (E.)

C.A.M. No. 2 visions) Act 1924. 110, sch. 13.

Union of Benefices Measure 1923. Rep. (saving for ss. 4,24, 30) (prosp.). C.A.M. No. 1, ss. 94, 95, sch.

8 paras. 3, 5, sch. 9.

Effect of Legislation

lxv

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

14 & 15 Geo. 5:

C.A.M.—cont.

No. 3 Ecclesiastical Dilapida- Ext. (prosp.) CA.M. No. 1,

tions Measure 1923. s. 41, sch. 3 para. 7.

15 & 16 Geo. 5:

c. 18 Settled Land Act 1925... Ss. 23, 90 am 44, s. 41(5), sch.

Sch. 3 am 15 para. 8(1). .I. No. 704.

c. 20 Law of Property Act . 64 ext 73, sch. 4 para. 3.

1925. . 79 appl. (mod.) 41, s. 15(4).

. 84 excl 41, s. 15(4).

c. 21 Land Registration Act . 119(2) am 64, s. 17(3), sch.

1925.

c. 22 Land Charges Act 1925 . 15 ext . 15(6) ext. (prosp.) ... 61, s. 21. C.A.M. No. 1, s.

65(5).

c. 32 Rent and Mortgage In* Rep. (E.) 23, s. 117(5), sch.

terest (Restrictions Continuation) Act 1925. 17.

c. 38 Performing Animals . 5(3) am. (E.) (.) ... .I. Nos. 170,

c. 45 (Regulation) Act 1925. Guardianship of infant^ . 4(2A) ext. (.) (prosp.) 248. 49, s. 18(4).

Act 1925. 36, s. 1, sch.

. 7(1) proviso (c) rep....

c. 49 Supreme Court of Judi- Ss. 2(1), 6(1) am. and rep. 5, s. 1(1), (5), sch.

cature (Consolidation) in pt.

Act 1925. . 31(lXa) subst. . 49 appl. (prosp.) 19,s 52(1), sch.5. 50, s. 10(2).

. 99 am 19, s. 46(1).

saved (prosp.) . 101 excl.{prosp. 64, s. 8(6). 64, s. 8(6). SJ. No. 1676.

Sch. 2 subst

c. 50 Theatrical Employers . 3 am. (E.) (.) SJ. No. 170,248.

Registration Act 1925. . 11 am 54, s. 19(1), sch.

c. 61 Allotments Act 1925 ... . 2 rep 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt n.

c. 64 Summer Time Act 1925 Residue Rep. (saving) ... 45, sch. 1 para. 2,

sch. 2.

. 1(2) rep 45, sch. 1 para. 3,

sch. 2.

c. 71 Public Health Act 1925 . 56(5) excl . 13(3) excl 41, s. 7(7).

c. 86 Criminal Justice Act 1925 19, s. 8(4), sch. 2

para. 1.

. 43 rep 54^ s. 19(2), sch.

16 & 17 Geo. 5:

c. 7 Bankruptcy (Amend- . 5 rep. in pt 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

ment) Act 1926. Pt. m.

c. 15 Criminal Appeal (Scot- . 9(4X<0 am. (prosp.) ... 49, ss. 95(1), 97

land) Act 1926. (1), sch. 8 para. .I.No. 170.

c. 31 Home Counties (Music . 3(5) am

and Dancing) Licensing Act 1926.

4 P

lxvi

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

16 & 17 Geo. 5:

—cont.

c. 36 Parks Regulation . 3 am 34, s. 48.

(Amendment) Act 1926.

c. 43 Public Health (Smoke . 4(3) restr 62, s. 11(5).

Abatement) Act 1926.

c. 45 Fertilisers and Feeding Sch. 1 saved 29, s. 2(4).

Stuffs Act 1926. Schs. 1-5 subst. .I. No. 218.

Schs. 1, 2, 4 am. .I. No. 883.

c. 48 Births and Deaths Regis- . 9 am .I. No. 1699.

tration Act 1926.

c. 53 Merchandise Marks Act Rep. (temp, saving for O. 29, ss. 41(2), 42(1)

1926. under ss. 2,9). sch. 2.

c. 56 Housing (Rural Work- Ss. 1,2 restr. (.) 31, s. 59.

ers) Act 1926. . 2(5Xa) am 13, s. 6.

. 2(5X«) rep. in pt. ... . 3mod.(E.) 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt.H. 23, ss. 30, 44(5),

110, sch. 13.

mod. (.) . 3(1X6) subst. (E.) ... 31, s. 37(2). 23, s. 117(5), sch.

15.

. 5(4) rep. in pt. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt.H.

c. 61 Judicial Proceedings . 1(1X6) ext. (mod.) ... 63, s. 2(3).

(Regulation of Reports) Act 1926.

17 & 18 Geo. 5:

c. 21 Moneylenders Act 1927 . 1(1) am .I. No. 120.

c. 36 Landlord and Tenant . 16 am. 23, s. 117(2), sch.

Act 1927. expld 15. 23, s. 67(2).

c.41 Superannuation and . 8 definitions of " Act- 55, s. 20(1X<0, sch. 1 para. 9.

other Trust Funds uary ", " Auditor "

(Validation) Act 1927. am.

18 & 19 Geo. 5:

c. 13 Currency and Bank Notes Act 1928. . 3(1) ext 13, s. 9(4).

. 6(1) am 13, s. 9.

c. 17 Finance Act 1928 . 6 mod. 44, s. 3(1).

c. 19 Agricultural Produce . 2 saved 29, s. 2(4).

(Grading and Marking) . 4(2) am 29, s. 41(1), sch. 1

1928. para. 3.

c. 32 Petroleum (Consolida- Ext. (hovercraft) \ 59, ss. 3, 4(3),

tion) Act 1928. Expld. Sch. 1 am. (E.) (.) ... sch. para. 1. .I. Nos. 170,

248.

c. 43 Agricultural Credits Act . 1(3) rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

1928. Pt. II.

19 & 20 Geo. 5:

c. 8 Appellate Jurisdiction Act . 2 rep 5, s. 1(5), sch.

1929.

c. 13 Agricultural Credits . 1(3) rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

(Scotland) Act 1929. Pt. II.

c. 29 Government Annuities Ss. 8(1), 19, 24(3) am.... 13, s. 8.

Act 1929. . 34 rep. (E.) (.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. I.

Ss.41(l), (3), 55,59(3) am. 13, s. 8.

. 61(2) rep. (E.)(.) ... 13, s. 8.

Effect of Legislation

lxvii

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

19 & 20 Geo. 5:

—cont.

c. 33 Bridges Act 1929 Ss. 6(1 M3), 7(2), 15(b) appl. (mod.). 73, s. 121(7).

20 & 21 Geo. 5:

c. 28 Finance Act 1930 . 48 rep. 13, ss. 17(1), 24(2),

sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 43 Road Traffic Act 1930... . 101 am 73, s. 36.

. 101(1) am . 102 rep 73, s. 31(1). 73, ss. 31(1X6),

165, sch. 18 Pt. III.

Ss. 103,104,106,107 am. 73, s. 36(9).

c. 44 Land Drainage Act 1930 Ss. 29(3), 30(1), 31(3) am. . 46(5) rep 34, s. 34(2). 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

Pt. II.

Ss. 75, 77 expld. 34, s. 36(2).

c. 45 Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act 1930. Rep 21, s. 54, sch. 5

CAM.

No. 7 Pluralities Measure 1930 Rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s.

95, sch. 9.

No. 8 Benefices (Transfer of Expld. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. l,ss.

Rights of Patronage) 32(10), 41, sch.

Measure 1930. 3 para. 5(1).

21 & 22 Geo. 5:

c. 24 Sentence of Death (Ex- . 2(4) am 19, s. 52(1), sch. 5

pectant Mothers) Act 1931.

c. 41 Agricultural Land (Utilis- Ss. 22 rep., 24(a) rep. in 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

ation) Act 1931. pt. Pt. I.

c. 45 Local Government . 1 rep. in pt 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

(Clerks) Act 1931. Pt. I.

. 3 appl. (London)(projp.) 69, s. 1, sch. 3

. 3(1) proviso, (4) rep. para. 4(2). 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

Pt. I.

. 4(5) appl. (London) 69, s. 1, sch. 3

(prosp.). . 4(5X7) rep. in pt. ... para. 4(2). 69, s. 8(2), sc.i. 5

Pt. I.

Ss. 4(7), 5(2), (3), 7(2) 69, s. 1. sch. 3

C.A.M. appl. (London) (prosp.) para. 4(2).

No. 3 Benefices (Exercise of Excl. (prosp.) C.A.M.No. l,ss.

Rights of Presentation) 23(4), 41, sch. 3

Measure 1931. . 1 ext. (pastoral schemes) (prosp.). . 3 restr. (prosp.) para. 4(3). C.A.M. No. 1, s. 69(2). C.A.M. No. 1, s. 69(2). C.A.M. No. 1, ss.

appl. (prosp.)

20(3), 32(9), (10), 41, sch. 3 paras. 1(2), 2 (3), 5(2).

mod. (time limits) C.A.M. No. 1, s.

(prosp.). 72(1).

4 P 2

lxviii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

22 & 23 Geo. 5:

c. 25

Finance Act 1932

. 24(2) rep.

. 24(4) rep.

. 24(5), (6) rep.

. 24(7) am. 26 rep.

13,ss.7(4), 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

13, ss. 7(1), 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

58, s. l(2Xc).

13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

23 & 24 Geo. 5: c. 6

c. 12 ...

c. 25 ...

Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth) Act 1933.

Children and Young Persons Act 1933.

Pharmacy and Poisons Act 1933.

. 4 appl. ... -I . 55(5X6) am

Ss. 62, 63 appl. (prosp.)... Ss. 62-65 appl. (prosp.) Ss. 66-73 appl. (prosp.)

. 70(2) proviso am. (prosp.).

. 71 excl. (prosp.)

. 76(1B) am. (prosp.) ...

was

in pt. (prosp.).

. 84 appl. (prosp.)

. 90 mod. (prosp.)

. 90(6) am. (prosp.) ...

. 107(1) definition of "supervision requirement " added (prosp.).

Sch. 4 paras. 9(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.) (3) rep. (prosp.), 13 rep. in pt. (prosp.).

Ss. 8-14 rep. (prosp.) ...

Pt. II (ss. 15-22) am. ...

. 17(2) am. (prosp.) ...

. 17(2), (6) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

. 18 am. (prosp.)

Ss. 18(2)(tfX») rep. in pt. (prosp.), 19 rep. (prosp.).

. 21(1), (3) am. (prosp.)

. 22 am. (prosp.)

. 23(1)(2) am. (prosp.)...

8, s. 4(3), sch. 2 para. 5.

56, s. 2(2), sch.

para. 6.

19, s. 52(1), sch.

49, s. IMS).

49, s. 72(2).

49, s. 74(4).

49, ss. 95(1), 97 (1), sch. 8 para.

49, s. 74(4Xu).

49, ss. 95(1), 97 (1), sch. 8 para.

49, ss. 95(2), 97 (1). sch. 9 Pt.

49, s. 74(5).

49, s. 74(4X6).

49, ss. 95(1), 97 (1), sch. 8 para.

49, ss. 95(1), 97 (1), sch. 8 para.

49,'ss. 95(2), 97 (1), sch. 9 Pt.

67, s. 135(2), sch.

.I. No. 75.

67, s. 135(1), sch.

5 para. 2.

67, s. 135(2), sch.

6.

67, s. 135(1), sch.

5 para. 3.

67, s. 135(2), sch.

67, s. 135(1), sch.

5 para. 4.

67, s. 135(1), sch.

5 para. 5.

67, s. 135(1), sch. 5 para. 6.

Effect of Legislation

lxix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

23 & 24 Geo. 5: c. 25—cont.

c. 32

c. 41 c. 51

c. 53 ...

C.A.M. No. 4...

Pharmacy and Poisons Act 1933—cont.

Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions

Administration of Justice (Scotland) Act 1933. Local Government Act 1933.

Road and Rail Traffic Act 1933.

Benefices (Sequestrations) Measure 1933.

. 23(1X«), (6)(ii), (0 rep. jrosp.) (3) rep. in pt.

(prosp (prosp.). 5. 24(2) an

am. (prosp.)

. 25(1X4) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

. 25(1), (4H6) am. (prosp.).

Ss. 25(9), 29 definitions of * authorised seller of poisons", "poison", "registered" para, (a) rep. (prosp.).

. 29 definitions of "pharmacist " replaced (prosp.), " registered pharmacy ", " retail

pharmacy business ", (2) added (prosp.).

Sch. 2 para. 2 am.

Rep. (E.)

Ss. 15, 34 am. (prosp.)...

Ss. 3(5) rep., 5(3) rep. in >tv 18(7), (8), (10) rep., 3) rep. in pt. (prosp.), rep., 34(2) rep. in

33

pt.

. 85 am.

. 85(5) excl

. 91 saved

. 123(2), (3) rep. inpt....

. 163 excl

. 203 appl.

. 218 definition of "sanctioning authority " am. Ss. 250(9), 251 excl.

. 290(2H5) appl.

. 290(2)-(5) appl. (prosp.)

. 290(2X3) appl. (prosp.) . 290(4) Power to am. am.

. 47(2) Power to am. ... am

Ext. (prosp.)

67, s. 135(2), sch.

6.

67, s. 135(1), sch.

5 para. 7.

67, s. 135(2), sch.

67, s. 135(1), sch.

5 para. 8.

67, s. 135(2), sch.

6.

67, s. 135(1), sch. 5 para. 9.

.I.No. 1699. 23^s. 117(5), sch.

70, s. 15(6).

69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt.II.

41, s. 39, sch. 4 para. 1(4).

41, s. 39, sch. 4 para. 1(4).

41, s. 39, sch. 4 para. 2(3).

60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

41, s. 9(4). sch. 2 para. 4(2).

73, s. 12m.

73, s. 36(9).

61, s. 3(3).

29,s.26(3 Xu).

72, ss. 24(3), 63

(6).

52, s. 9(4).

72, s. 97(3).

72, s. 8(1).

14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

5.1. No. 656.

14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

5.1. No. 656.

C.A.M. No. 1, s. 68(4), sch. 7 1, 3(1)

4 P 3

lxx

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

24 & 25 Geo. 5:

c. 10 North Atlantic Shipping Act 1934. Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 18 Illegal Trawling (Scotland) Act 1934. . 3 rep. (prosp.) . 5 subst. (prosp.) 77, s. 22(2), sch. 2 Pt. II. 77, $.22(1), sch. 1 para. 35.

c. 32 Finance Act 1934 . 24 am. 13, s. 13(6), sch. 8, s’. 4(3), sch. 2 para. 10.

c. 49 Whaling Industry (Regulation) Act 1934. . 17(1) am. (British Ship)

c. 54 25 & 26 Geo. 5: Cattle Industry (Emergency Provisions) Act 1934. Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 9 Herring Industry Act Act 1935. Expld. (boats) . 3(1) am . 6(3) am . 14 definition of "boat" rep. Sch. 2 am. and rep. in pt. 77, s. 22(3). 77, s. 4(8). 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1 para. 1. 77, s. 22(1X2), sch. 1 para. 2, sch. 2 Pt. I. 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1 para. 3.

c. 13 • * * Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1935. Rep. (E.) 23, s. 117(5), sch. 17.

c. 24 Finance Act 1935 Ss. 28, 29 rep . 30 rep. . 31 rep. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II. 13, ss. 3(8), 24(2), sch. 6 Pt.IF. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II.

c. 30 ... Law Reform (Married Women and Tortfeasors) Act 1935. Sch. 1 rep. in pt. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. III.

c. 40 ... Housing Act 1935 Ss. 37(3), 92(2) rep. in pt. . 92(2) am 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II. 13, s. 6.

c. 41 26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8: Housing (Scotland) Act 1935. Ss. 34(3), 83(2) rep. in pt. . 83(2) am 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. 11. 13, s. 6.

c. 5 Public Works Loans Act 1935. Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 pt. n.

c. 16 Coinage Offences Act 1936. . 12(2), (3) rep. (E.) ... 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

c. 26 Land Registration Act 1936. Ss. 4(1), 5(1) proviso rep. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 27 Petroleum (Transfer of Licenses) Act 1936. . 1(4) am. (E.) (.) ... .I. Nos. 17a 248.

c. 34 ... ... Finance Act 1936 . 34 appl 13, s. 1(4).

c. 39 ... Firearms (Amendment) Act 1936. . 7 functions transfd. to Secy, of State (N.I.). .I. No. 1200.

Effect of Legislation

lxxi

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8:—cont.

c. 40 Midwives Act 1936 . 2(3) am 46, s. 78(1), sch.

c. 43 Tithe Act 1936 . 24(6) rep . 26(1) am . 26(2) rep . 26(3) am . 26(4) rep . 28(1) am 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

c. 47 Crown Lands Act 1936 . 1(* 0 rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 49 Public Health Act 1936 Pt. m(ss. 91-110)ext.... . 143 expld Transfer of functions Ss. 144-146 rep. . 147 expld. (orders) ... . 147(1) excl . 172 rep . 187(2) am . 242 ext . 259 appl Power to apply ... . 271(1), (2) appl. (mod.). . 287(2) ext . 311 rep . 320 appl. (prosp.) ... Ss. 321, 322 excl. . 343(1) definition of "notifiable disease " subst. " vessel " am. 73, s. 108(1). 46, s. 56. 5.1. No. 2038. 46, s. 78(2), sch. 4. 46, s. 52(2). 46, s. 52(1). 46, ss. 69, 78(2), sch. 4. 5.1. No. 102. 46, s. 70(1). 73, s. 108(1). 73,s.ll2(3Xrf). 41, s. 22(2). 46, s. 54(2). 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II. 52, s. 7(4). 62, s. 8(7). 46, s. 47. 46, s. 62(1).

c. 52 Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1936. Power to apply 16, s. 44.

C.A.M. No. 2 Union of Benefices (Amendment) Measure 1936. Rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s. 95, sch. 9.

C.A.M. No. 5 Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Measure 1936. . 4 rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s. 95, sch. 9.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6:

c. 5 Trunk Roads Act 1936... . 3 appl. (.) 16, s. 25(2).

c. 12 Firearms Act 1937 Rep. 27, s. 59(1), sch. 7. 73, s. 10(6).

c. 28 Harbours, Piers and Pt. I (ss. 1-3) appl. ...

Ferries (Scotland) Act 1937. . 7 (1) am 73, s. 152(1).

c. 37 Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act . 21(2) rep. in pt. (prosp.) 49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

1937. . 38(3) am. (prosp.) ... Pt. IV (ss. 39-80) expld. 49, s. 95(1), sch. 8 para. 6. 49, s. 31(3), sch. 2

1 (prosp.). Pt. I. 4 P 4

lxxii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6: c. 37—cont. Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937—cont. . 40(1X2) am. (3X4) added (prosp.). . 41(1) subst. (prosp.), (2) am. (prosp.). . 42(1X2) rep. in pt. (prosp.). . 43 subst. (prosp.) . 44 am. (prosp.) . 46(1) am. (prosp.) ... . 47(1) rep. in pt (prosp.) 49, s. 31(3), sch. 2 para. 3. 49, s.31(3), sch. 2 para. 4. 49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 49,s.31(3), sch. 2 para. 5. 49, s. 31(3), sch. 2 para. 6. 49, s. 31(3), sch. 2 para. 7. 49, ss. 31(3), 95 (2), sch. 2 para. 8(1), sch. 9 Pt. 49,’s.31(3), sch. 2 para. 8(2). 49,s.31(3), sch. 2 para. 9. 49, s.95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 49, s.31(3), sch. 2 para. 10. 49, s.95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 49, s. 31(3), sch. 2 para. 11. 49,s.95(2), sch. 9 Pt.1. 49, s. 31(3), sch. 2 para. 12. 49, s. 31(3), sch. 2 para. 13. 49, s. 31(3), sch. 2 para. 14. 49, s. 31(3), sch. 2 para. 15. 49, s. 31(3), sch. 2 para. 16. 49,s.95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 49, s. 31(3), sch. 2 para. 17. 49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt.1. 49. s.31(3), sch. 2 para. 18. 49, s. 31(3), sch. 2 para. 19. 49, ss. 31(3), 95 (2), sch. 2 para. 19, sch. 9 Pt. I. 49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 49, s. 31(3), sch. 2 para. 20. 49, s.95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

. 47(1 A) added (prosp.) . 48 am. (prosp.) . 49(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.) (2) rep. (prosp.). . 50 subst (prosp.) . 51 rep. (prosp.) . 52(1) am. (prosp.), (2) subst. (prosp.). . 53(2X3) rep. (prosp.)... . 53(5) am. (prosp.) ... . 54(1) am. (prosp.) ... . 57(2) am. (prosp.) ... . 58(2) rep. in pt. and am. (prosp.). . 58A added (prosp.) ... . 59(1) rep. (prosp.) ... . 59(2) am. (prosp.) ... Ss. 59(4) rep. in pt. (prosp.), 60, 61 rep. (prosp.). . 62 am. (prosp.) . 63(3) am. (prosp.) ... rep. in pt. (prosp.) Ss. 65, 66 rep. (prosp.) ... . 67 subst. (prosp.) Ss. 68-86 rep. (prosp.) ...

Effect of Legislation

lxxiii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6: c. 37—con/.

c. 43 ... c. 68 ...

c. 69 ...

c. 70 ...

1 & 2 Geo. 6:

c. 7 ...

c. 16 ... c. 22 ...

c. 25 ... c. 26 ...

Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act 1937—amt.

Public Records (Scotland) Act 1937.

Local Government Superannuation Act 1937.

Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Act 1937.

Agriculture Act 1937 ...

Public Works Loans (No.

2) Act 1937.

Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1938. Trade Marks Act 1938...

Eire (Confirmation of Agreements) Act 1938. Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act 1938.

. 87(1), (3) am.

. 87(2M4) expld } ( prosp.). J

Ss. 88-98 rep. {prosp.)

. 101 (2A) added {prosp.)

. 101(5X6) rep. {prosp.)

. 103(1) am. {prosp.), (1 A), (5) added

Ss. 106, 107(lXn), (2), 109, 110(1) definitions of "Approved School ", "Approved school order", "Headmaster ", " In need of care and protection", "Managers" rep. {prosp.), " Justice " rep. in pt. (prosp.).

. 110(1) definitions of " Child " am. {prosp.), "Place of safety*’ subst. {prosp.), " Residential establishment" added {prosp.).

Ss. 110(3Xa) rep. in pt. >.), Ill, 112 rep.

modf (childrens hearings) {prosp.).

Schs. 2,3 rep. (prosp.) ...

. 5(1) ext

Ss. 12 expld. {prosp.), 29 saved {prosp.).

. 40(1) definition of "local authority " am.

Sch. 1 Pt. I expld.

. 34(1) definition of "local authority " am.

. 16 am.

Rep

. 3 mod.

. 64A added

. 67 rep.

Ss. 2(3 XbHd),3(2) rep.

Rep- (E.)

49, s. 95(1), sch. 8 para. 7.

49,s.95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

49. s. 95(1), sch. 8 para. 8.

49,s.95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

49, s. 95(1), sch. 8 para. 9.

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

49, s. 95(1), sch. 8 para. 10.

49,8.95(2), sch. 9 PL I.

49, s. 32(2).

49, s. 40(2).

49,s.95(2), sch. 9 Pt. L

73, 8.114(9).

69, s. 1, sch. 3 para. 13(4).

73, s. 9(4), sch. 5 Pt. II para. 5.

23, s. 40(3).

73, s. 9(4), sch. 5 Pt. n para. 5.

34, s. 41(2).

13,s.24(2), sch. 6

Pt. n.

23, ss. 30, 44(5), 110, sch. 13. 29, s. 17.

32, s. 18(2), sch.

13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

23, s. 117(5), sch. 17.

4 P*

lxxiv

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1 & 2 Geo. 6:

—cont.

c. 28 Evidence Act 1938 Ss. 1, 2 rep. (.), 6(1) 64, s. 20(2).

rep. in pt. (prosp.), (2)(b) rep. (prosp.).

c. 29 Patents See. (International Ss. 10, 12(6) rep. 29, s. 41(2), sch.

Conventions) Act 1938. 2.

c. 30 Sea Fish Industry Act . 50 rep. 77, s. 22(2), sch. 2

1938. Pt. I.

Ss. 54, 59, 61, 62, 63(2) 77, s. 22(2), sch. 2

c. 35 Housing (Rural Workers) rep. (prosp.). Ss. 5, 6 mod. (.) Pt. II. 31, s. 37(2).

Amendment Act 1938.

c. 42 Herring Industry Act . 2(1) rep. in pt. 77, s. 22(1)(2),

1938. sch. 1 para. 4, sch. 2 Pt. I.

c. 44 Road Haulage Wages Act . 4(2) am. (prosp.) 73, s. 94(7X8),

1938. . 7(8) am. (prosp.) sch. 10. 73, s. 94(8), sch.

10 Pt. II.

. 9 rep. (prosp.) 73, ss. 94(8), 165

(d),sch. 18 Pt. IV.

. ll(lXa) am. (prosp.) 73, s. 103(8), sch. ]]

. 15(1)(2) am. (prosp.)... 73, s. 94(8), sch.

10 Pt. II.

c. 50 Divorce (Scotland) Act . 4(2) am 70, s. 11(4).

1938. rep. in pt. 70, ss. 11(4), 22

(3), sch. 3.

c. 51 Essential Commodities . 5(3) rep. in pt. ... 1 32, s. 18(2), sch.

Reserves Act 1938. 4.

c. 60 Anglo-Turkish (Arma- Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

ments Credits) Agreement Act 1938. Pt. I.

c. 63 Administration of Justice . 1(3) am 69, s. 1, sch. 1.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1938.

c. 69 Young Persons (Employ- . 5 Power to am. 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

ment) Act 1938. am. (.) (E.) .I. Nos. 1177,

1242.

c. 73 Nursing Homes Registra- . 1(2) am .I. No. 248.

tion (Scotland) Act 1938.

C.A.M. No. 3 Parsonages Measure 1938 . 5 appl. (mod.) (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1,

s. 33(5).

C.A.M. No. 4 Ecclesiastical Commis- Ss. 5, 8(1) rep. (prosp.)... C.A.M. No. 1,

sioners (Powers) Measure 1938. s. 95, sch. 9.

2 & 3 Geo. 6:

c. 7 Currency and Bank Note Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Act 1939. Pt. I.

c. 13 Cancer Act 1939 . 4(1 X&), (3) rep. (prosp.) . 4(4)(o)(v) am. (prosp.) 67, s. 135(2), sch. 6. 67, s. 135(1), sch.

5 para. 10.

. 4(4XflXvii) rep. (prosp.) 67, s. 135(2), sch. 5

c. 31 Civil Defence Act 1939... . 29(4) rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. II.

Effect of Legislation

lxxv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

2 & 3 Geo. 6 : —cont.

c. 38 Ministry of Supply Act 1939. . 2(1) subst . 2(4) added . 3 rep . 19 subst 32, s. 13, sch. 3 para. 1. 32, s. 13, sch. 3 para. 2. 32, s. 18(2), sch. 4. 32, s. 13, sch. 3 para. 3.

c. 41 Finance Act 1939 . 31(2) am 44, s. 35(1), sch. 14 para. 1.

c. 44 House to House Collections Act 1939. Sch. am 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2 Pt. III.

c. 57 War Risks Insurance Act Ss. 16(3) rep. in pt., 17 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

1939. rep. Pt. I.

c. 64 Currency (Defence) Act 1939. Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 69 Import, Export and Customs Powers (Defence) Act 1939. . 8(3) rep 32, s. 18(2), sch. 4.

c. 70 Ships and Aircraft (Transfer Restriction) Act 1939. Restr 8, s. 4(3), sch. 2 para. 9.

c. 71 Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act 1939. Rep. (E.) 23, s. 117(5), sch. 17.

c. 82 Personal Iryuries (Emergency Provisions) Act 1939. . 6 rep. (E.) (.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

c. 83 Pensions (Navy, Army, Air Force and Mercantile Marine) Act 1939. . 8 rep. (E.) (.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

c. 89 Trading with the Enemy Act 1939. . 11(2) rep 32, s. 18(2), sch. 4.

c. 117 National Loans Act 1939 Appl. (.) . 1 rep . 2 rep. (saving) . 3(2), (5) rep . 3(3) am . 4 rep. (saving) Schs. 1, 2 para. 3 rep. ... 16, s. 38(2). 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 13, ss. 14(10), 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 13, s. 13(6), sch. 5. 13, ss. 13(5), 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 120 Restriction of Advertisement (War Risks Insurance) Act 1939. . 1(2X6) am .I. No. 2038.

3 & 4 Geo. 6:

c. 3 National Loans Act 1940 Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 14 Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act 1940. . 15(1) am 34, s. 41(1).

c. 23 National Loans (No. 2) Act 1940. . 1 rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 4 P* 2

ixxvi

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

3 & 4 Geo. 6: —cont.

c. 29 Finance Act 1940 Ss. 43(2), 46(1) am. ... . 46(2) am. and expld.... proviso (b) rep. Ss. 47(1), 48(3), 51(1A), 55(lXa),58(lXfl)am. . 64(1) Transfer of functions. Sch. 7 paras. 1(4), 2(1), (3), (5), (6Xc) am. 44, s. 35(1), sch. 14 para. 1. 44, s. 35(5), sch. 14 para. 3(1). 44, s. 61(10), sch. 20 Pt. IV. 44, s. 35(1), sch. 14 para. 1. .I. No. 2038. 44, s. 35(1), sch. 14 para. 1.

c. 42 Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1940. . 4(2Xc) added 70, s. 20.

4 & 5 Geo. 6:

c. 14 Public Works Loans Act 1941. Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. H.

c. 18 National Loans Act 1941 Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 30 Finance Act 1941 . 49 rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 42 Pharmacy and Medicines Act 1941. Rep. (prosp.) 67, s. 135(2), sch. 6.

C.A.M. No. 1 Diocesan Re-organisation Committees Measure 1941. Rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s. 95, sch. 9.

5 & 6 Geo. 6:

c. 14 National Loans Act 1942 Rep 14, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 21 Finance Act 1942 . 45 rep. Sch. 11 Pt. I am. Pts.I,IIrep.inpt. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 13, s. 16(3). 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. H.

c. 28 War Damage (Amendment) Act 1942. . 3 rep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

6 & 7 Geo. 6:

c. 5 Minister of Town and Country Planning Act 1943. . 10 mod. {prosp.) ... 72, s. 88(3).

c. 13 National Loans Act 1943 Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 21 War Damage Act 1943... . 112rep.(E.)(.) ... 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

c. 28 Finance Act 1943 . 29 rep. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 32 Hydro-Electric Development (Scotland) Act 1943. . 12(2) ext . 14 ext 39, s. 3(1). 39, s. 3(3).

C.A.M. No. 1 New Parishes Measure 1943. . 1 rep. (saving) (prosp.) Ss. 2-12 rep. (prosp.) ... C.A.M. No. 1, ss. 94, 95, sch. 8 para. 4, sch. 9. C.A.M. No. 1, s. 95, sch. 9.

Effect of Legislation

lxxvii

Session and Chap. or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

6 & 7 Geo. 6:

C.A.M. No. 1 New Parishes Measure . 14 mod. (pr C.A.M. No. 1,

—coni. 1943—corn. expld. (prosp.) . 22 rep. (saving) (prosp.) Ss. 23-27, 30 rep. (prosp.) s. 76(1). CA.M. No. 1, s. 76(2). C.A.M. No. 1, ss. 94, 95, sch. 8 para. 2, sch. 9. C.A.M. No. 1, s. 95, sch. 9.

7 & 8 Geo. 6:

c. 10 Disabled Persons (Employment) Act 1944. . 15(1) excl 46, s. 12(2).

c. 19 National Loans Act 1944 Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 21 Pensions (Increase) Act 1944. Ss. 6,7 rep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

c. 23 Finance Act 1944 . 47 rep. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 28 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1944. . 5 rep. (E.) 34, s. 52, sch. 8.

c. 31 Education Act 1944 ... . 10(2) am . 13(1), (2) am. . 13(6), (7) am. . 13(9), (10) added ... . 16(1) am . 17(6) added Ss. 21, 24 expld. (prosp.) . 48 am. . 49 am. . 67(1) ext. (prosp.) ... . 67(4) subst . 68 ext. (prosp.) . 78(2 )(a)am . 94 Power to am. 17, s. 3(3). 17, ss. 1(2), 5, sch. 3. 17, ss. 3(1), 5, sch. 3. 17, ss. 1(2), 5, sch. 3. 17, s. 1(3), sch. 1 para. 1. 17, s. 1(3), sch. 1 para. 2. 37, s. 2(5). 46, s. 67(1). 14, s. 3(1). 37, s. 3(3). 17, s. 1(3), sch. 1 para. 3. 37,s. 3(3). 14, s. 3(1). 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

. 94(1) am., (2) rep. in pt . 99 ext . 102 am . 105(2Xc) subst. . 114(1) definition of "alterations " subst., " enlargement ", " significant " added. Sch. 4 expld. (prosp.) ... .I. No. 1242. 37, s. 3(3). 17, s. 1(3), sch. 1 para. 4(1). 17, s. 1(3), sch. 1 para. 4(2). 17, s. 1(3), sch. 1 para. 5. 37, s. 2(5).

c. 32 Herring Industry Act 1944. Expld. (boats) 77, s. 22(3).

c. 36 Housing (Temporary Accommodation) Act 1944. . 8(1), (2), (4), (7) rep. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 4P* 3

lxxviii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

7 & 8 Geo. 6: —cont.

C.A.M. No. 1 Re-organisation Areas Measure 1944. Rep. (saving for s. 15) (prosp.). C.A.M. No. 1. ss. 94, 95, sch. 8 para. 1, 7, sch. 9.

8 & 9 Geo. 6:

c. 18 Local Authorities Loans Act 1945. . 2(1) rep., (2) rep. in pt. . 3 rep . 5 rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II. 13, ss. 3(8), 24(2), sch. 6 pt. n. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II.

c. 23 National Loans Act 1945 Rjep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 24 Finance Act 1945 . 6 rep 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 33 Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1945. Rep. (as appl. by the New Towns Act 1946). . 46 rep. 16, s. 48(3), sch. 11. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II.

c. 42 Water Act 1945 . 18 saved Ss. 19 (exc. (6)(/>)), 20 appl. . 23 am. Sch. 3 (s. 65(2)) rep., (s. 66(1X2)) rep. in pt. 41, s. 22(8). 41, s. 22(7). 41, s. 31, sch. 3 Pt. I. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

c. 10 Supplies and Services (Transitional Powers) Act 1945. .6(lH3)rep 32, ss. 13, 18(2), sch. 4.

c. 11 Inshore Fishing Industry Act 1945. Rep 77, s. 22(2), sch. 2 Pt. I.

c. 13 Finance (No. 2) Act 1945 . 48(2) rep 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 18 Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act 1945. Ss. 6 excl. (.) (confirmed orders), 10(2) excl. (confirmed orders). . 10(2) appl excl Sch. 2 rep. in pt. 16, ss. 7(4), 8(5), 10(1) sch. 3 para. 16. 16, s. 44(2). 16, s. 44(5). 16, s. 48(3), sch. 11.

c. 19 Bretton Woods Agreements Act 1945. Ss. 1 rep., 2(1) rep. in pt. . 2(\)(aHd)am. . 2(1)(e) am . 2(2) am . 2(2) rep. in pt., (3) rep. . 2(4) am 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 13, s. 2, sch. 2. 13, s. 10(1). 13, ss. 2, 10(2), sch. 2. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 13, s. 2, sch. 2.

c. 20 Building Materials and Housing Act 1945. Ss. 1, 4, 10(4) rep. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 27 Bank of England Act 1946 Sch. 1 para. 1 am. Sch. 1 paras. 2, 12 rep. 13 rep. in pt. 13, s. 13(6), sch. 5 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

Effect of Legislation

lxxix

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap. or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

—cont.

c. 30 Trunk Roads Act 1946... Saved 4, s. 12(1).

. 1 appl. (.) 16, s. 25(2).

. 7(3) excl 73, s. 119(1).

c. 34 Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act 1946. Rep 23, s. 117(5), sch. 17.

c. 36 Statutory Instruments Act Appl f 20, s. 49(3).

1946. \ 55, s. 19(3).

Power to appl Excl. ( prosp.) 59, s. l(3)(e). CAM. No. 1,

s. 9(4). C.A.M. No. 1,

Ext. {prosp.)

ss. 25, 53(5), sch. 4 para. 15(2).

Ss. 8(1), 11(2) Transfer of .I. No. 1656.

functions.

c. 40 Miscellaneous Financial Ss. 1(1) rep., l(2)(b) rep. in pt., 3(2) 4 rep. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Provisions Act 1946. Pt. I.

c. 42 Water (Scotland) Act . 55(2), (4M9) appl. 47, s. 47(2).

1946. (mod.) (prosp.). Ss. 56, 57 appl. (prosp.) 47, s. 47(3).

c. 49 Acquisition of Land Appl 73, s. 10(3).

(Authorisation Proce- Appl. (prosp.) 72, s. 29(4).

dure) Act 1946. Appl. (retrosp.) (prosp.) Appl. (mod.) (prosp.) ... . 3(1) mod 72, s. 50(5). 72, s. 28(4). 41, s. 31, sch. 3 Pt. I. 41, s. 50(2), sch.5. 41, s. 9(4), sch. 2 para. 3(2).

. 3(2X3) rep. (saving)... Sch. 1 para. 3 mod.

paras. 3(1)(6), 7 72, s. 53(3).

mod. para. 11 excl. ... 41, s. 9(4), sch. 2

para. 3(6).

para. 11(1 )(6) am. (prosp.). 72, s. 31(1).

c. 50 Education Act 1946 ... para. 12 expld. ... . 1(1 Xa) subst. 72, s. 59. 17, ss. 1(3), 5

sch. 1 para. 6, sch. 3.

. 1(2) rep Sch. 1 excl Sch. 2 Pt. 11 rep. in pt.... 17, s. 1(3), sch. 2. 17, s. 3(4). 17, s. 1(3), sch. 2. 73, s. 12(6).

c. 58 Borrowing (Control and Ext.

Guarantees) Act 1946. . 1 saved (E.) (.) ... 39, ss. 2(5), 3(4),

4(5).

. 2 rep. (saving) 32, s. 18(2), sch.4.

Sch. para. 2(1) am. (E.)... 64, s. 17(3), sch.

c. 59 Coal Industry Nationali- . 21(1) am . 28(1 Xh), (2) am. ... 13, s. 13(6), sch.5.

sation Act 1946. 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 28(2) rep. in pt. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 33(2) am . 33(3), (5) rep. 13, s. 13(6), sch.5. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 34(1) am . 34(2) rep 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

4 P* 4

lxxx

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

—cont.

c. 64 Finance Act 1946 . 47 rep 44, s. 61(10), sch.

20 Pt. IV.

. 52 excl . 64 rep. 73, s. 160(1). 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

Sch. 11 rep 44, s. 61(10), sch.

20 Pt. IV.

c. 68 New Towns Act 1946 ... Rep. (.) 16, s. 48(3), sch. 11. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

c. 75 Public Works Loans (No. Rep

2) Act 1946. Pt. n.

c. 81 National Health Service . 1 ext 67, s. 131(5).

Act 1946. . 3(2) ext . 3(2X6) am 46,s.33(4H7). 46, s. 39(1).

. 4 am. (prosp) . 5 rep. (saving) and 46, s. 4(1). 46, ss. 3(1), 78(2),

superseded (prosp.). sch. 4.

.7(5KcUd)rep.(prosp.) 46, s. 78(2), sch.4.

. 7(6) am. ( pr 46,s.7(l)(a)

. 7(7) am. (prosp.) 46, s. 7(1X6).

. 11(1) am . 11(9) Power to ext. ... 46,s. 8(1). 46, s. 35(1).

. 11(9) rep. in pt. (saving) 46,s.78(2), sch.4.

. 12(3) am 46, s. 6(1).

. 14(2) mod 46, s. 5(3X6).

. 14(2X6) am. (prosp.)... 46, s. 9(1).

. 19 am. 46, s. 67(1).

. 20 am. 46, ss. 10(5), 12

(6).

46, s. 21(1). 46, s. 21(2).

. 21(lXca) added, (2) am. 46, s. 18(3).

. 21(2) restr 46, s. 21(3).

. 22(2) am 46, s. 14(1).

. 22(5) rep 46, ss. 65(4), 78

(2), sch. 4.

. 23 rep 46, s. 78(2), sch.4.

. 23 superseded 46, s. 10(6).

. 24 mod . 25 mod 46, s. 11(1X3X4). 46,s.ll(2H4).

. 28(1) rep 46,s. 78(2), sch.4.

superseded 46, s. 12(7).

. 28(2) rep. (saving) ... 46, s. 78(2), sch.4.

. 28(3) rep. and superseded. 46, ss. 65(4), 78 (2), sch. 4.

. 29 rep. (saving for 46, s. 78(2), sch.4.

subs. (2)) (prosp.).

superseded (prosp.) 46, s. 13(3).

. 31 Power to ext. 46, s. 35(1).

. 31(5) rep. in pt. (saving) 46,s.78(2), sch.4.

. 33 am. . 38 am. (prosp.) 46, s. 24(1). 46, s. 23(1).

am. . 38(3) am 46, s. 24(1). 46, s. 30(1).

. 39(2) am. (prosp.) ... 67, s. 135(1), sch.

. 40 am. 5 para. 11. 46, s. 24(1).

. 40(2Xe) rep. in pt. ... 46,s.78(2), sch.4.

. 41 am. 46, ss. 17(1), 24 (1), 38(1).

Effect of Legislation

lxxxi

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Geo. 6: c. 81—cont.

National Health Service Act 1946— cont.

c. 82 ...

Cable and Wireless Act 1946.

. 41(1) am. . 41(2) rep. . 41(4) rep.

. 42(1)(</) am

. 42(6) am

. 42(7)(a) ext. ( .)...

. 43(d) am. (prosp.) ...

. 44(1) am

. 44(1x6) am

. 46 subst

. 48 rep.

. 54(2) subst. (prosp.)... . 54(3) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

.(55(2X3) ext. (prosp.)...

am. (prosp.) ... . 56(2) am. (prosp.) ... . 57 am.

. 57(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.) Ss. 58, 63 am

. 63 rep. in pt.

. 65 am.

. 67(2) am

Ss. 70, 71,72 am.

. 79(1) definitions of " dispensing optician'*, " ophthalmic optician " am.

. 80(3) am

Sch. 1 ext. (travelling and other expenses).

Sch. 1 para. 2 rep. in pt.... Sch. 3 ext. (travelling and other expenses).

Sch. 3 Pt. I am.

Sch. 3 Pt. II Power to ext. Sch. 3 Pt. IV paras. 2(c), 5 rep.

Sch. 5 superseded (prosp.) ext. (travelling and other expenses). Sch. 6 ext. (travelling and other expenses).

Sch. 6 para. 3(6) rep.

Sch. 7 para. rep.

Sch. 10 rep. in pt.

. 3(5) rep. in pt.

Sch. 2 para. 2 am.

paras. 3, 8 rep.

46, s. 18(3).

46, s. 78(2), sch.4. 46, ss. 18(1), 78 (2), sch. 4.

46, s. 17(1).

46, s. 25(1).

46, s. 26(1).

46, s. 18(2).

46, s. 17(1).

46, s. 39(1).

46, s. 22(1).

46, ss. 63(10), 78 (2), sch. 4.

46, s. 27(1).

46, s. 78(2), sch.4.

46,s.28(1M3).

46,s.43(4), sch. 2 Pt. I. 46,s.78(2), sch.4. 46, s. 43(4), sch. 2 Pt.I.

46, ss. 65(4), 78 (2), sch. 4.

46, s. 43(4).

.I. No. 1699.

46, s.43(4), sch. 2 Pt. I.

46, s. 20(1).

46, s. 43(4), sch. 2 Pt. I.

46, s. 36(1).

46, s. 78(2), sch.4. 46, s. 36(1).

46, s. 8(2).

46, s. 5(2).

46, s. 78(2), sch.4.

46, s. 16(l),sch.l. 46, s. 36(1).

46, s. 36(1).

46,s.78(2), sch.4.

13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

13, s. 13(6),sch.5. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

lxxxii

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Geo. 6:

c. 11 Appellate Jurisdiction Act . 1 rep. in pt 5, s. 1(5), sch.

1947.

C. 14 Exchange Control Act Saved (E.) (.) 39, ss. 2(5), 3(4),

1947. 4(5).

Ss. 15, 16 excl .I. No. 79.

Ss. 21, 22 ext 44, s. 55(2).

Ss. 30(l)(v), (3), 40 rep. 44, s. 61(10), sch.

in pt. 20 Pt. V.

. 42(1) definition of 44, s. 55(1X6).

" securities ", am. Sch. 1 para. 21A added... .I. No. 333.

para. 28A added... .I. No. 1399.

c. 10 • ... Summer Time Act 1947... Rep. (saving) 45, s. 5(2), sch. 2.

c. 26 Cotton (Centralised Buy* . 21 rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

ing) Act 1947. Pt. I.

. 26 rep. 32,s. 18(2), sch.4.

c. 27 National Health Service Am. (Ophthalmic Ser- 46, s. 19(6).

(Scotland) Act 1947. vices Committees)

(prosp.)

. 1 ext 67, s. 131(5).

. 3(3) ext . 3(3)(6) am 46, s. 33(8). 46, s. 39(2).

. 4 am. (prosp.) 46, s. 4(4).

. 5 rep. (prosp.) 46, s. 78(2), sch.4.

superseded (prosp.) 46, ss. 1, 2.

. 11(1) am . 11(10) Power to ext.... 46, s. 8(3). 46, s. 35(4).

. 11(10) (i)rep. in pt. 46, s. 78(2), sch 4.

(saving). . 14(2)(6) am. (prosp.)... 46, s. 9(2).

. 15(l)(ca) added 46, s. 19(7).

. 15(1 )(g) added (prosp.). 49, ss. 95(1), 97

(4) am. (prosp.). (1), sch. 8 para. 11.

. 15(6) ext 46, s. 21(4).

Pt. HI (ss. 20-31) ext. ... 46, s. 15(3).

. 20 am. 46, s. 67(2).

. 21 am 46, ss. 10(7X6),

15(3).

. 22(2) subst. (prosp.)... 46, s. 14(2).

. 22(3) rep 46, ss. 65(6), 78

(2), sch. 4.

. 23 rep 46, s. 78(2), sch. 4.

superseded 46, s. 10(7). 46, s. 11(5).

Ss. 24, 25 mod

. 27 certain functions 49, s. 1(4).

transferred to local authorities.

. 27(3) rep 46, ss. 65(6), 78

(2), sch. 4. 49, ss. 95(1), 97

. 27(4) added (prosp.)...

(1), sch. 8 para. 13.

. 28(1) rep., (2) rep. 46, s. 78(2), sch.4.

saving) (prosp.).

superseded (prosp.) 46, s. 13(4).

. 32 Power to ext. 46, s. 35(4).

. 32(5) rep. in pt. (saving) 46, s. 78(2), sch.4.

Ss. 34. 39 am 46, s. 24(2).

. 39(2)(e) rep. in pt. ... 46, s. 78f2), sch.4.

Effect of Legislation

lxxxiii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Geo. 6:

c. 27—cont.

National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1947— cont.

. 40 am.

am. (prosp

. 40(3) am

. 41(2) am. {prosp.) ...

. 42 am.

. 42(1) am

. 42(2) rep. {prosp.) ...

. 42(2X2A) added

{prosp.).

. 42(4) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 43 ext. (prosp.)

. 43(lX</>-tf)am.

. 43(6) am

. 43(7Xfl) ext. (prosp.)... . 44(d) added (prosp.) ... . 45(1) am

. 48 rep

. 54(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.) . 54(2) subst. (prosp.) ...

. 54(3) rep

. 55(2X3) ext. (prosp.)... Ss. 56, 57, 63 am.

46, s. 24(2).

46, s. 23(1).

46, s. 30(2).

67, s. 135(1), sch. 5 para. 12.

46, ss. 19(1), (5), 24(2), 38(3).

46, s. 19(7)

46, ss. 19(2), 78 (2), sch. 4.

46, s. 19(2).

46, ss. 19(2), 78 (2), sch. 4.

46, s. 19(3).

46, s. 19(1).

46, s. 25(2).

46, s. 26(2).

46, s. 19(4).

46, ss. 19(1), 39

(2).

46, ss. 63(10), 78 (2), sch. 4.

46, s. 78(2), sch.4.

46, s. 27(2).

46, s. 78(2), sch.4.

46, s. 28

46, s. 43(4), sch. 2 Pt. II.

. 63 am.

am. (prosp.)

46, s. 78(1), sch. 3 Pt. I.

49, ss. 95(1), 97 (1), sch. 8 para.

. 64 am.

. 64(2) am. ...

. 66(2) am. ...

Ss. 69, 70 am. ...

46, s. 43(4).

46, s. 41(1).

.I. No. 1699.

46, s. 43(4), sch. 2 Pt. II.

. 73 excl 46, s. 19(5).

. 80(1) definitions of 46, s. 20(1). " dispensing optician,"

" ophthalmic optician "

am.

Sch. 1 ext. (travelling and other expenses).

Sch. 1 para. 2 rep. in pt.

Sch. 4 ext. (travelling and other expenses).

Sch. 4 Pt. I am.

Pt. IV paras. 2(c), 5 rep.

Sch. 6 ext. (travelling and other expenses).

Sch. 6 paras. 4(c) and proviso 8 rep.

Sch. 7 ext. (travelling and other expenses).

Sch. 7 para. 3(6), sch. 8 para. 6(6) rep.

46, s. 37(1).

46, s. 78(2), sch.4. 46, s. 37(1).

46, s. 8(3).

46, s. 78(2), sch.4.

46, s. 37(1).

46, s. 78(2), sch.4.

46, s. 37(1).

46, s. 78(2), sch. 4.

lxxxiv

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

10 & 11 Geo. 6:

—cont.

c. 39 Statistics of Trade Act . 16 rep. 32, s. 18(2), sch.4.

1947.

c. 40 Industrial Organisation . 13 rep 32, s. 18(2), sch.4.

and Development Act 1947.

c. 41 Fire Services Act 1947 ... . 26(4) rep. in pt. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. I.

c. 42 Acquisition of Land Appl 4, s. 12(2). 73, s. 10(9).

(Authorisation Pro-

cedure) (Scotland) Act 1947. Appl. (prosp.) ... | 47, s. 19(1). 49, s. 11(2).

. 7(3) appl 16, s. 41(3).

Sch. 2 para. 3 mod. 34, s. 14(3), sch. 4

c. 43 Local Government (Scot- Ss. 82,92 appl. ( .)... . 118(1) ext. (prosp?) ... P&T2L 5. 49, ss. 3(8), 36(7).

land) Act 1947. 49, s. 1(3).

. 119 mod. (prosp.) 49, s. 1(6).

. 120 appl. (new towns) Pt. Vn (ss. 146-155) rep. 16, s. 33(1). 47 ss. 18(1X6),

in pt. (prosp.). Pt. XI (ss. 209-257) appl. (mod.). 60(2), sch. 2. 73, s. 13(8).

Mod .I. No. 711.

. 225(1) rep. in pt. 47, ss. 18(1X6),

(prosp.). . 226 expld . 259(1X6) am . 276(1) rep 60(2), sch. 2. 73, s. 154. 73, s. 36(9) 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt.II.

. 278 appl Ss. 301(14), 302 excl. ... 73, s. 12(7). 61, s. 3(3).

. 313(1) rep., (2H4) rep. 54, s. 19(1X2),

in pt., (5) rep. schs. 2, 3.

. 318 appl. (new towns) 16, s. 33(3).

. 349 appl. (prosp.) ... 47, s. 3(3).

. 355(2H9) appl. <f 4, s. 3(6). 29, s. 26(3X6).

. 355(8) am .I. No. 656.

Power to am. ... 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3. 49, s. 59(3). 47, s. 60(1), sch. 1 para. 3. 16, s. 33(3).

Sch. 6 am. (prosp.) para. 11 am. (prosp.). Sch. 11 appl. (new towns)

c. 44 Crown Proceedings Act Pts. II-IV (ss. 13-40) 71, s. 27.

1947. appl. (mod.). . 17(1) Transfer of func- .I. No. 1656.

tions.

c. 49 Transport Act 1947 . 37 rep. 73, s. 165(c), sch. 18 Pt. in.

c. 53 Town and Country Plan- . 11 mod. (new towns) 16, s. 6(2).

ning (Scotland) Act . 17 ext 73, s. 139(1).

1947. . 26(2) am . 31 ext 41, s. 26. 73, s. 108(2). 73,8.112

Power to apply ...

Ss. 34, 35, 39(3) expld.... 34, s. 14(2).

. 43 rep. Ss. 64, 65(3) rep. 16, s. 48(3), sch. 11. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 101 appl .I. No. 706.

Sch. 8 rep. in pt. 16, s. 48(3), sch. 11.

Effect of Legislation

lxxxv

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Geo. 6:

—cont.

c. 54 Electricity Act 1947 . 47(7) am Appl. (prosp.) 39, s. 3(2).

C.A.M. No. 2 Church Commissioners C.A.M. No. 1,

Measure 1947. s. 44(2).

11 & 12 Geo. 6:

c. 6 Housing (Temporary Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Accommodation) Act 1947. Pt. I.

c. 9 Finance (No. 2) Act 1947 . 8(2) am 44, s. 53(1). 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

c. 24 Police Pensions Act 1948 . 7(2) rep. in pt.

Pt. I.

c. 26 Local Government Act 1948. . 86(2) expld . 87(1) mod 73, s. 162(7). 73, s. 162(6).

. 113 appl . 124(2X3) ext. 41, s. 40(3). 73, s. 162(4

. 132 excl 41, s. 7(7). 46, s. 67(1).

c. 29 National Assistance Act . 21 am.

1948. rep. (.) (... . 21(7) am . 22(1) rep. (.) (prosp.) 49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 46, s. 78(1), sch. 3 Pt. I. 49,s.95(2), sch. 9 Pt I 49, s'. 87(3X4). 49, s.95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 46, s. 44(1). 46, s. 44(2). 49, s. 87(3). 49,s.95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 46, ss. 65(4X6), 78(2), sch. 4. 49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 46, s. 67(1). 46, s. 78(1), sch. 3 Pt. I. 49,s.95(2). sch. 9 Pt. I. 46, ss. 65(4X6), 78(2), sch. 4.

. 22(2H9) appl. (mod.) (prosp.). Ss. 23, 24, 26(1) rep. (.) (prosp.). . 26(1) replaced . 26(2) am . 26(2)-(4) appl. . 26(5) rep. (.) (prosp)

seded aQ<* super" Ss. 27,29 rep. (.) (prosp.) . 29 am. . 29(6X*) am . 30 rep. (.) (prosp.) ...

. 30(2) rep. and super-

seded.

. 31 am. 46, s. 67(1).

rep. in pt 46, ss. 45(10), 65(4X6), 78(2),

sch. 4.

. 32 rep. (.) (prosp.) ... 49,s.95(2), sch. 9

Pt. I.

am. (prosp) 46, s. 45(5).

. 32(1) am. (E.) (prosp.) 49, ss. 95(1),

97(1), sch. 8 para. 14.

. 33 proviso rep. in pt. 46, s. 78(2), sch. 4

Ss. 34-40 rep. (.) (prosp.) 49, s. 95(2), sch. 9

Pt. I.

Ss. 35, 36 am. (prosp.) ... . 37(2) am. (E.) (.) ... 46, s. 45(5). .I. Nos. 102,

248.

lxxxvi

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

11 & 12 Geo. 6:

c. 29—cont. National Assistance Act 1948—cont. . 41(1 A) added (prosp.) Ss. 42 appl. (prosp.) . 45 am. (prosp.) . 50(3) rep. (.) (prosp.) Ss. 52, 54, 56, 58 am. (prosp.). . 58(1) rep. (.) (prosp.) (4) rep. (prosp.). . 59 am. (prosp.) . 65(/) added (p . 66 am. Sch. 3 para. 1 ext. para. 7(1) ext. ... 49, ss. 95(1), 97(1), sch. 8 para. 15. 49, s. 87(3). 46, s. 45(5). 49,s.95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 46, s. 45(5). 49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 46, s. 45(5). 49, ss. 95(1), 97(1), sch. 8 para. 16. 46, s. 46. 46, s. 45(6). 46, s. 45(7).

c. 31 Cotton Spinning (Reequipment Subsidy) Act 1948. . 7(2) rep 32, s. 18(2), sch. 4.

c. 37 Radioactive Substances Act 1948. Ss. 3, 4, 12 definition of "authorised seller of poisons " rep. (prosp.). 67, s. 135(2), sch. 6.

c. 38 Companies Act 1948 ... Ss. 84 rep., 328(1) rep. in pt., 330(a) rep. . 434 excl 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I. .I. No. 1222.

c. 39 Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act Ss. 14, 20 rep 55, s. sch. 2. 20(1X6),

1948. Sch. 1 para. 7 Power to am. am. (E.) (.). ... 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3. .I. Nos. 1177, 1242.

c. 40 Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1948. . 7(1) am . 7(2X6) am . 7(2A) added, (3) am. 17, ss. 3(3), 5(1), sch. 3. 17, ss. 3(2), 5(1), sch. 3. 17, ss. 1(3), 5(1), sch. 1 para. 7, sch. 3.

c. 43 Children Act 1948 Rep. (.) (prosp.) . l(4)(5)am. (E.) . 13(1) am. (E.) (prosp.) . 59(1) definition of "supervision requirement " added (E.) (prosp.). 49, ss. 2(4), 3(9), 7(8), 21(3), 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 49, ss. 95(1), 97(1), sch. 8 para. 17. 49, ss. 95(1), 97(1), sch. 8 para. 18. 49, ss. 95(1), 97(1), sch. 8 para. 19.

c. 44 Merchant Shipping Act 1948. . 6(2) am 8, s. 4(3), sch. 2 para. 8.

c. 47 Agricultural Wages Act 1948. . 8 Power to am. 34, s. 46(1).

Effect of Legislation

lxxxvii

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

11 & 12 Geo. 6:

c. 51 White Fish and Herring Expld. (boats) 77, s. 22(3).

Industries Act 1948. . 3 rep 77, s. 22(2), sch. 2

Pt. I.

. 7 Power to am. 77, s. 4(9).

c. 53 Nurseries and Child- Am. (.) (local health 49. ss. l(4Xfl),

Minders Regulation authority) (prosp.). 95(1), 97(1),

Act 1948. . 1 am sch. 8 para. 20. 46, s. 60.

. 2(2) rep. in pt. and am. 46, s. 60(8X9).

. 2(4X<0 am 46, s. 60(10).

. 3(3) am 46, s. 60(12).

. 4(1X2) excl 46, s. 60(2).

. 4(2) am 46, s. 60(3).

. 4(4) am 46, s. 60(4).

. 4(4) proviso rep. 46, ss. 60(4),

78(2), sch. 4.

. 7(1) am 46, s. 60(11 Xa)>

. 7(2) rep. in pt. . 12 rep. 46, ss. 60(11X6), 78(2) sch. 4. 46, ss. 60(13),

78(2), sch. 4.

c. 56 British Nationality Act 1948. . 1(3) am. ... | 8, s. 2(1). 56, s. 3(1).

* . 4 excl. 18, s. 7(1).

. 6(2) excl. ... { 8, s. 2(3). 56, s. 3(3).

f 8, s. 3(6).

Pt. m (ss. 23-34) am. -j 18, s. 7(3). 56, s. 4(6).

. 32(5) ext. (hovercraft) 59, ss. 3, 4(3),

sch. para. 1.

c. 58 Criminal Justice Act 1948 . 9(9) added {prosp.)... 49, ss. 95(1), 97

(1), sch. 8 para. 21.

. 12 excl. (E.) 64, s. 11(5).

(.) 70, s. 10(5).

. 37(5XaMc) subst. 69, s. 1, sch. 3

(prosp.). . 38(1) rep para. 7. 19, s. 54, sch. 7.

. 41(3) rep., (4X5) rep. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

in pt. pt. m.

.45(2Xc), (3) rep. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

(prosp.). Pt. 11.

Sch. 9 rep. in pt. 27, s. 59(1), sch. 7

c. 63 Agricultural Holdings Act . 34 am. 34,'ss. 9, 10, 12,

1948. Ss. 34(3), 61, 70-73, 77, 13, 15. 34, s. 10(5).

80, 82, 83 ext.

. 87(1X2) am 34, s. 17(3).

Ss. 88, 89, 92, 94(5), sch. 34, s. 10(5).

6 ext. Sch. 7 para. 1 rep. 23, s. 117(5), sch. 17.

c. 66 Monopolies and Restric- . 11 ext 66, s'. 12(3).

tive Practices (Inquiry . 19(2) rep 32, s. 18(2), sch.

and Control) Act 1948. 4.

lxxxviii

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory

Instrument

11 & 12 Geo. 6:

—cont.

c. 67 IM ... Gas Act 1948 . 42(2) ext. ... ... 39, s. 4(1).

.42(2Xfl»),(2A),(3)am. . 42(3) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 39, ss. 1(1), 4(2).

. 42(4) excl. ... IM 39,8.4(4).

. 44(1H3) am. ... 39,s.4(3).

. 44(4) am. ... 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

Ss. 45,46 am. ... ... 39,s.4(3).

. 46(1 X«)» (2) am. . 71(3) mod. ... ... 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 39, s. 1(2).

Sch. 3 para. 29(1), (3) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

rep. in pt. Pt.I.

12, 13 & 14

Geo. 6:

c. 5 ... ... Civil Defence Act 1948... . 2(2) excl. ... 14, s. 4(4).

. 3 appl. ... 14, s. 4(2).

c. 10 ... ... Administration of Justice . 1 rep. in pt. ... ... 5, s. 1(5), sch.

(Scotland) Act 1948. . 1(1) am. ... 5, s. l(lXc).

c. 14 Export Guarantees Act 1949. Rep ... 26, s. 11(2).

c. 20 ... ... Cinematograph Film Pro- Ss. 7 rep., 8(1) rep. in pt. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

duction (Special Loans)

Act 1949. . 8(2) rep. ... 13, ss. 10(6), 24 (2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

. 8(3) rep. ... 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 32, s. 18(2), sch. 18, s. 16(4).

. 10 rep. ...

c. 29 Consular Conventions Ss. 4 rep. (prosp.), 6(1)

Act 1949. rep. in pt. (prosp.).

Agricultural Wages (Scotland) Act 1949. 7(2Xc) rep. (prosp.).

c. 30 . 8 Power to am. ... 34, s. 46(3).

c. 32 ... ... Special Roads Act 1949 Saved • • 4, s. 12(1).

. 8(2) excl. ... 73, s. 119(1).

. lOflXc) ext. ... Sch. 2 am. (.) ... ... 73, s. 139(1). .L No. 1982.

c. 36 ... ... War Damage (Public . 3(5) rep. ... 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

Utility Undertakings, Pt. I.

&c.) Act 1949. .10(9Xe)rep. ... ... 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

pt. in.

c. 39 ... Commonwealth Tele- Ss. 1,2, sch. 1 rep. (prosp.) 24, s. 2(a).

c. 40 graphs Act 1949. Landlord and Tenant Rep. (E.) 23, s. 117(5), sch.

(Rent Control) Act 1949. 17.

c. 55 ... Prevention of Damage by . 23(1) ext. (hovercraft) 59, ss. 3, 4(3),

Pests Act 1949. sch. para. 3.

c. 59 Licensing Act 1949 . 4(1) rep. (.) ... ... 16, s. 48(3), sch. 11. 32, s. 12.

c. 67 Civil Aviation Act 1949 . 1(1) proviso excl.

. 8 am. (N.I.) ... ... 61, s. 13(3).

mod. ... 61, s. 19(2).

am ... 61, s. 20.

(orders) am. ... 61, s. 23(1).

. 8(2Xo) ext. ... , 61, s. 6(4).

. 8(2XrXs) added ... 61, s. 19(1).

. lOexpld. ... 61, s. 23(4).

. 19 ext. ... 61, ss. 6(1), 7.

. 19(9) rep. in pt. ... 61, s. 7.

Effect of Legislation

lxxxix

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6:

c. 67—corn. Civil Aviation Act 1949 . 20 am. 60, s. 6(2).

—cont. . 22 rep. in pt. (prosp.)... . 23(7) excl 61, s. 13(2). 61, s. 21(1X4).

. 23(9Xe) rep 61, s. 2(4).

. 26(1) am 61, s. 22.

Ss. 42, 48, 50 rep. 61, s. 26.

. 57(2) mod . 63(1) definitions of " aerodrome ", " local authority " subst. 61, s. 19(2). 61, s. 28(4).

Sch. 5 rep 61, s. 26.

Sch. 9 Pt. I rep. in pt. ... 61, ss. 13(2), 26.

Schs. 10, 11 para. 1(4) 61, s. 13(2).

c. 68 rep. (prosp.).

Representation of the People Act 1949. . 41(4Xa) am. (prosp.)... . 123(7) am. (E.) xxxvii, s. 3(3). 64, s. 17(3), sch.

. 167(2) rep. in pt. xxxvii, s. 3(4X<*).

s.teSra xxxvii, s. 4.

. 172(3) rep. in pt. xxxvii, s. 3(4X6).

(prosp.). Sch. 2 Pt. H rule 3(4) am. xxxvii, s. 3(3).

(prosp.).

c. 70 Docking and Nicking of . 2(1) ext. (hovercraft) 59, ss. 3, 4(3),

Horses Act 1949. sch. para. 1. 41, ss. 8(6), 12(8).

c. 74 Coast Protection Act 1949 . 34 saved (E.)

Ss. 34-36 saved (.) 47, s. 56.

c. 75 Agricultural Holdings (prosp.). . 25(1) ext 34, s. 18(1).

(Scotland) Act 1949. ext. (mod.) 34, s. 18(2X3).

. 26(1) excl 34, s. 18(2).

. 26(5) excl 34, s. 18(4).

. 30 ext. (mod.) 34, s. 18(5).

. 35 am. 34, ss. 9, 11, 12,

14,16, sch. 5.

Ss. 35(3), 61, 68-70 ext. 34,s. 11(5).

. 73 ext 34, s. 11(8).

. 74 excl 34, s. 11(7).

Ss. 75-78, 80, 82-84 ext. 34, s. 11(5).

. 86(1X2) am Ss. 90, 93(6), 100, sch. 6 34, s. 17(3). 34, s. 11(5).

ext.

c. 76 Marriage Act 1949 Power to am. (fees) Expld. (prosp.) . 6 ext. (prosp.) 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3. C.A.M. No. 1, s. 29(2). C.A.M. No. 1, s. 29(2). C.A.M. No. 1, s. 29(2), sch. 3 para. 14(1). C.A.M. No. 1, s. 29(2). C.A.M. No. 1, s. 27(3). C.A.M. No. 1, s. 29(2), sch. 3 para. 14(3). .I. No. 1242.

. 10(1) am. (prosp.) ...

. 15 ext. (prosp.)

. 23 appl. (prosp.)

ext. (mod.) (prosp.)

Ss. 27(6) am., 29(1) rep. in pt., 31(6) rep., 32(5) rep. in pt., 41(6), 51, 57(4), 63(1) am., (a)

rep., 64(2) am., (b) rep., 65(2) am., (a)(b) rep.

xc

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6: —cont. c. 77

c. 85

c. 87 ...

c. 88 ... c. 93 ...

Armed Forces (Housing Loans) Act 1949.

Distribution of German Enemy Property Act 1949.

Patents Act 1949

Registered Designs Act 1949.

National Health Service (Amendment) Act 1949.

How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

. 1(2) rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

. l(3Xa),(c)am. 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 1(4) rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

. 6 rep 32, s. 18(2), sch. 4.

. 46 am. 46, s. 59(1).

Ss. 46-48 expld 46, s. 59(1).

. 96(1) rep 32, s. 18(2), sch. 4.

. 38(1) rep 32, s. 18(2), sch. 4.

. 18(4) am. (E.) 46, s. 34(1).

. 21(1) rep. in pt. 46, s. 78(2), sch. 4.

c. 94

Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1949.

rep. in pt. (prosp.)

Ss. 22 rep., 29(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.), sch. rep. in pt. (prosp. in pt.).

Ss. 1, 2expld

. 2(2) subst. (prosp.) ...

. 2(3) rep. (prosp.)

46, ss. 38(2X3), 78(2), sch. 4. 46, s. 78(2), sch. 4.

64, s. 11(5).

49, s. 95(1), sch. 8 para. 22(1).

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

. 2(4), (6) proviso (8) am. (prosp.).

. 2(9) rep. (prosp.)

. 3(4X6) am. (prosp.) ...

. 4(2X3) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 5(1) am. (prosp.)

Ss. 5(3) rep. (prosp.), 7(2X4) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

. 8(1) subst. (prosp.) ...

. 9 excl <{

. 9(1) am. (prosp.)

. 10 am. (prosp.)

. 11 rep .(prosp.)

Ss. 12, 13 rep. (prosp.) ...

49,s.95(l), sch. 8 para. 22(2H4).

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

49,s.95(l), sch. 8 para. 23.

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

49, s.95(l), sch. 8 para. 24. 49,s.95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

49, s. 95(1), sch. 8 para. 25.

64, s. 11(5).

70, s. 10(5).

49, s. 95(1), sch. 8 para. 26.

49, s. 95(1), sch. 8 para. 27.

49, ss. 27(7), 95 (2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

. 28(1 )(a)-<c) replaced (prosp.).

. 28(2) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 28(3X4) subst. (prosp.), (5) added (prosp.).

. 30(1) am. (prosp.) ...

49,s.95(l), sch. 8 para. 28(1).

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

49, s. 95(1), sch. 8 para. 28(2X3).

49,s.95(l), sch. 8 para. 29.

Effect of Legislation

xci

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

12,13 &14 Geo. 6: c. 94—cont.

Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1949—cont.

c. 97

National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949.

Ss. 50,51,69-73,75(1X<*)» (3X«H<0, (4M6) rep. (prosp.).

. 78(1) definitions of "local authority", "place of safety" added {prosp.).

. 78(1) definitions of "Approved probation hostel ", " Approved

probation home", " Approved school ", "Remand home", " Salaried probation officer ", " Supervision order ", " Voluntary probation officer ", "Whole time probation officer ", " Young person " rep. {prosp.), "appropriate court", "sentence" am. {prosp.), Sch. 1 rep. {prosp.).

Sch. 2 am. {prosp.)

paras. 2(3), (4X6), 3(6) rep. in pt. {prosp.), 7 rep. {prosp.).

Sch. 3 rep. {prosp.)

Sch. 11 rep. in pt.

Saved

. 1 restr. (pollution) ...

appl

Ss. 1, 2(1) am

. 2(3) am

ext

rep. inpt.

. 4(1) am

. 3 appl.

.6(4X6Xd)rep.

. 8(3) am

ext

saved

. 8(4) ext

. 8(6) rep

superseded

. 11(3) rep

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

49, s. 95(1), sch. & para. 30.

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

49, s. 95(1), sch. 8 para. 31.

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

49, ss. 27(7), 95 (2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

27, s. 59(1), sch. 7.

41, s. 2.

41, s. 38.

41, s. 13(4).

41, s. 1(5).

41, s. 1(4).

41, s. 3(4).

41, s. 50(2), sch. 5.

41, s. 1(5).

41, s. 13(4).

41, s. 50(2), sch.

41, s. 39, sch. 4 para. 1(2).

41, s. 39, sch. 4 para. 1(3).

41, s. 39, sch. 4 para. 1(4).

41, s. 39, sch. 4 para. 2(2).

41, s. 50(2), sch.

41, s. 39, sch. 4 para. 4(4).

41, ss. 21(1), 50 (2), sch. 5.

﻿xcii Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6:

c. 97—cont. National Parks and . 12(1) ext 41, s. 12(1).

Access to the Country- am 41, s. 12(2). 41, s. 12(6).

side Act 1949—cont. . 13(1) ext. and am. ...

. 13(2H4) ext 41, s. 12(7).

Pt. in (ss. 15-26) ext. ... 41, s. 15(7).

.28(2H4)appl. 41, s. 31, sch. 3

Pt. n para. 2(1).

. 29(2) appl. (mod.) ... 41, s. 31. sch. 3

Pt. n para. 4(2).

Ss. 29(6), 30(3) am. ... 41, s. 31, sch. 3 Pt. I.

. 32(4H6) appl. 41, s. 31, sch. 3

Pt. II para. 5(6).

.32(4Xc)appl. 41, s. 31, sch. 3 Pt. Ill paras.

9,10, 12.

. 33 am. 41, s. 31, sch. 3

Pts. I, II.

. 33(3) superseded 41, s. 31, sch. 3

. 34(1), (2) rep. (saving) . 38(2) am Pt. rv para. 14. 41, s. 50(2), sch. 5.

41, s. 31, sch. 3

Pt. I.

. 51(1) am . 51(2)(a), (5) am. ... 41, s. 21(2). 41, s. 31, sch. 3

Pt. m para. 9(4).

. 59(2) mod . 60(5)(fl) exd. 41, s. 16. 41, ss. 16(5), 17.

. 64 restr 41, s. 16(7).

am. 41, s. 18.

. 65 mod 41, s. 16(3X4).

restr 41, s. 16(7X8).

. 65(3) ext 41, s. 17(6).

. 73(l) rep. in pt. 41, ss. 21(3),

50(2), sch. 5.

. 75 ext 41, s. 12(6).

. 78 ext 41, s. 17(6).

. 79 am. Ss. 84, 85(a) rep. 41, s. 19. 41, s. 50(2), sch. 5. 41, s. 21(4).

. 86(1)(6) am

. 86(3) ext 41, s. 12(1).

. 88(1) rep. in pt. 41, s. 50(2), sch. 5

. 89(4) rep. in pt. 41,' ss. 21(5),

50(2), sch. 5.

. 90 ext Ss. 90-92 ext . 90(3) restr . 90(3) proviso rep. ... 41, s. 41(8). 41, s. 41(10). 41, s. 41(12). 41, s. 50(2), sch. 41, ss. 13(9X10),

. 92(1) ext

41(8)(9).

. 92(2) rep 41,s.50(2), sch. 5.

superseded 41, s. 42(4).

. 92(4) ext 41, ss. 13(9)(10),

41(8X9).

Effect of Legislation

xciii

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6:

c. 97—cont. National Parks and Ss. 93, 94 rep 41, ss. 32(11),

Access to the Country- 50(2), sch. 5.

side Act 1949—cont. . 97(1) am 41,s.36(l),(8).

. 97(lXff), (e)excl. ... 41, s. 12(1).

. 97(l)(c) rep. in pt. 41, ss. 34(4),

(<0y)rep. . 97(2}-(4) rep. (saving) 50(2), sch. 5, 41, ss. 34(4). 36(8), 50(2),

and superseded.

sch. 5.

. 99(1) am . 101(9) rep 41, s. 46(1). 41, s. 50(2), sch. 41,’ ss. 47(9),

. 101(10Xa) rep. in pt.

50(2), sch. 5.

. 101(11) appl. 41, s. 47(8).

. 103 am 41, s. 46(1).

. 103(1)(2) am. 41, s. 46(2).

. 104 am 41, s. 46(1).

excl 41, s. 9(4), sch. 2

para. 4(2).

. 106 ext . 108 am . 108(3) am 41, ss. 8(5), 12(5), 13(8), 41(7). 41, s. 46(1). 41, s. 46(3).

Ss. 109, 111 am. 41, s. 46(1).

. 112 am 41, s. 46(4).

. 113 am 41,s.46(5).

. 114(1) ("open air 41, s. 2l(6).

recreation ") restr. . 114(2) am 41, s. 21(7).

Sch. 1 Pt. II rep., paras. 41, s. 50(2), sch.

8,11 rep. in pt. 5.

c. 101 Justices of the'Peace Act Ss. 1(3) rep. in pt. (E.), 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

1949. (4) rep. (E.), 2 rep. Pt. II.

. 4 am. (E.) 69, s. 2.

appl. (London) 69, s. 1, sch. 2

(prosp.). para. 3.

. 4(3) am. (E.) 69, s. 1(6).

. 4(4)(fl) rep. (E.) ... 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

Pt. II.

am. (.) 69, s. 6(2).

. 4(6) rep., (7) rep. (E.) 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

Pt. I.

. 4(8) rep. (E.) (prosp.) 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

Pt. II.

. 4(10) rep. (E.) 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

Pt. I.

. 8(l)-(4) reprinted as 69, s. 4, sch. 4.

am.

. 8(1) am. (prosp.) 69, 8.4(1).

. 8(3Xa) rep. (prosp.) ... 69, ss. 4(3),

6(3 Xa), 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

. 8(3X6) am. (prosp.) ... . 8(4) rep. in pt. (prosp.) 69, s. 4(2). 69, ss. 4(4),

6(3 X«), 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. H.

am. (prosp.) 69, s.4(4).

. 8(5X«) rep. (E.) (prosp.) 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

i Pt. II.

xciv

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6: C. 101.

Justices of the Peace Act 1949—com.

CA.M. No. 3

Pastoral R< Measure 1949.

ition

. 10(1) excl. (prosp.) ...

. 11 rep. (residue) (prosp.).

. 13 mod. (London) (prosp.).

. 13(3) rep. in pt.

. 13(3X4) appl. (London) (prosp.).

. 13(5 A) added

. 15 am.

saved (prosp.)

. 15(10) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 16 am. (prosp.)

. 16(2) proviso excl. (London) (prosp.).

Ss. 20(4X0) rep. in pt. ... (b) rep. (saving) 21(7)

Ss. 25(6) rep. 27(IOXfX<0 rep. in pt. (prosp.) (e) rep. (prosp.).

. 29 ext. (prosp.)

Power to mod. ...

. 29(2) am

. 29(8) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

Ss. 30, 31(1), (4) rep.

(prosp.).

. 32(3) excl. (prosp.) ...

. 33(1X0) am

. 33(2) rep. (saving) ...

. 36(1) am. (prosp.) ... . 36(2) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 41(5)(6) rep

. 44(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.) schs. 1 rep. (E.), 2 para. 19 rep.

Sch. 4 ext. (prosp.)

para. 1(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.) (2) rep. (prosp.).

Sch. 6 rep. (prosp.)

Sch. 7 Pt. Ill rep. in pt.

Rep. (saving for ss. 7, 8) (prosp.).

69, s. 1(2).

69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

69, s. 1, sch. 2

paras. 2, 4.

69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

69, s. 1, sch. 2

para. 2(2).

69, s. 3.

69, s. 5.

64, s. 8(6).

69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

69, s. 1, sch. 3

para. 3.

69, s. 1, sch. 3

para. 4(4).

69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. I.

69, s. 8(2), sch 5 Pt. II.

69, s. 1(8).

69, s. 1, sch. 3 para. 11(1).

69, s. 1, sch. 1.

69, ss. 1(8X6), 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

69, s. 1, sch. 3 para. 11(2).

69, s. 2(2).

69, ss. 2(2), 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II. 69, s. 4(5X0).

69, ss. 4(5), 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

54, s. 19(2), sch. 3.

69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

69, s. 1, sch. 3 para. 9(2).

69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

54^ s. 19(2), sch.

C.A.M. No. 1, ss. 94, 95, sch, 8 paras. 1, 9. 14. sch. 9.

Effect of Legislation

xcv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

14 Geo. 6: c. 14 ...

c. 15 ... c. 21 ...

c. 28 ... c. 34 ...

c. 36

c. 37

c. 39

International Organisation (Immunities and Privileges) Act 1950. Finance Act 1950

Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act ’950.

Shops Act 1950

Housing (Scotland) Act 1950.

Diseases of Animals Act 1950.

Maintenance Orders Act 1950.

Public Utilities Street Works Act 1950.

Rep. (saving) ...

. 45(2X«), (b) am.

. 2(1) am.

. 2(2) rep.

(3) am.

(4) rep.

. 35 Power to am. ... am. (.) (E.)

Ss. 1, 75, 77, 78, 89, 90, 92 rep.

. 94(1), (2) am.

. 94(3) rep

. 94(4) am

. 94(5) rep

. 100 restr

. 105 excl

Ss. 109,111-119 rep. ... . 121(3H5) exel.

Ss. 122 rep., 123 rep. in pt., 126(1X3X4), 127(3) (4), 128(2X3), 130, 132, 137-142,167,168,174-176, 182, 183, sch. 6 rep.

Sch. 7 para. 5(1) proviso rep. in pt.

am. ...

Schs. 8, 10 rep

. 22 am.

Pt. II (ss. 52-56) rep. (prosp.).

. 59(2X3) appl. (mod.)

. 78(2X*) rep

Sch. 3 rep. (prosp.)

. 8(1) am. (prosp.)

. 9( 1 X<w) added (prosp.), (2) am. (prosp.).

. 16(2X£>Xvi) added (prosp.).

Sch. 1 rep. in pt. (prosp.)

Appl. (.) (prosp.)

Saved

48, s. 12(4X6), sch. 2.

44, s. 35(1), sch.

14 para. 1.

13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

13, s. 2, sch. 1.

13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

14, s. 5(1), sch. 3. .I. Nos. 1177,

1242.

31, s. 70, sch. 10.

13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

31, s. 59.

31, s. 13(4).

31, s. 70, sch. 10. 31, s. 17(3).

31, s. 70, sch. 10.

13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II.

13, s. 6.

31, s. 70, sch. 10. 73, s. 156(2), sch.

16 para. 7.

67, s. 135(2), sch.

34, *s. 8(2).

60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

67, s. 135(2), sch.

49,‘ss. 95(1), 97 (1), sch. 8 para.

32.

49, ss. 95(1), 97 (1), sch. 8 para.

33.

49, ss. 95(1), 97 (1), sch. 8 para.

34.

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

47, s. 41.

73, s. 118(12).

XCVI

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

14 & IS Geo. 6: c.8 European Payments Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

c. 17 Union (Financial Provisions) Act 1950. Export Guarantees Act Rep Pt. I. 26, s. 11(2).

c. 21 1951. Alkali, etc., Works Regu- . 2 restr. 62, s. 11(5).

c. 30 lation (Scotland) Act 1951. Sea Fish Industry Act . 13(3) rep 77,s.22(2), sch. 2

c. 31 1951. National Health Service . 15(2X3) am Power to am. . 15(2) am . 15(2Xa) am . 18(6) am . 19 definition of "processing" am. definition of "white fish" mod. . 25 rep. (pros . 1(4) am Pt. I. 77,s.4(7). 77, s. 4(9). 77, s. 4(1). 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1 para. 5. 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1 para. 6. 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1 para. 7. 77, s. 4(6). 77, s. 22(2), sch. 2 pt. n. 46, ss. 17(1), 19

c. 35 Act 1951. Pet Animals Act 1951 ... . 1(2) am. (E.) (.) ... (1). .I. Nos. 170,

c. 39 Common Informers Act Sch. rep. in pt 248. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

c. 43 1951. Finance Act 1951 . 4 mod. Pt. in. 44, s. 3(1).

c. 46 Courts-Martial (Appeals) Pt. I (ss. 1-27) rep. 20, s. 60, sch. 6.

c. 53 Act 1951. Midwives Act 1951 ... . 11(2) am 46, s. 78(1), sch. 3

c. 60 Mineral Workings Act rep. in pt. . 32(1) (2) am. (E.) Pt. I. 46, s. 78(2), sch. 4. 72, s. 89(5).

c. 63 1951. Rag Flock and Other (prosp.) appl. (mod.) . 32(3) am Ss. 2(1), 6(1), 7(1) am. 72, s. 94(5). 72, s. 91(4). .I. Nos. 99,248.

c. 65 Filling Materials Act 1951. Reserve and Auxiliary (E.)(.). Ss. 14(2Xu) subst. (E.), 23, s. 117(2), sch.

i Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act 1951. 15(1X3M5), 16(1) am. (E.), (2) replaced (E.) by subs. (2H7), 17(1) am. (E.), (2) added (E.), 18(1) am. (E.), (2) added (E.), 19(1) am. (E.). . 19(4) rep. (E.) . 19(5) am. (E.) . 19(6) rep. (E.) 15. 23, s. 117(2), (5), schs. 15, 17. 23, s. 117(2), sch. 15. 23, s. 117(2), (5).. schs. 15, 17.

Effect of Legislation

xcvii

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

14 & 15 Geo. 6:

c. 65—cont. Reserve and Auxiliary Ss. 20(1 H3), 21(1), 22(1) 23, s. 117(2), sch.

Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act am. (E.), (3A) added (E.), 23(1) definitions of "agricultural land", 15.

1951 —cont.

" landlord " and " ten-

ant ", " statutory tenancy ", (3) am. (E.).

. 64(1) definition of 23, s. 117(2), (5),

" Rent Restrictions Acts " rep. (E.). schs. 15, 17.

c. 66 Rivers (Prevention of . 35(1) am 16, s. 48(2), sch.

Pollution) (Scotland) Act 1951. 10.

15 & 16 Geo. 6

& 1 Eliz. 2: c. 10 Income Tax Act 1952 ... . 123(1), sch. El-

case I expld 3, s. 60(6). 3, ss. 6(6X*), 12

case VI ext. ... (2X0, 46(3X«). 44, ss. 18(1X2),

i I 21(4).

case VII am 44, s. 32(1), sch.

11 para. 1(8).

case VIII mod. 3, s. 6(5X<0.

ext. 44, s. 40(4).

. 137 excl 3, s. 90.

. 138(1X6) subst. 44, s. 22(3).

. 157 saved 44, s. 14(8).

. 181 ext 44, s. 40(4).

. 196(lXflHrf)am. ... 13, s. 16(5).

. 205(1X0 am 44, s. 17(1).

Power to am. 44, s. 17(4).

. 205(3) rep. and super- 44, ss. 17(8), 61

seded. (10), sch. 20 Pt. VI.

. 210 excl 44, s. 14(3).

mod 44, s. 14(4H6).

. 210(1) mod 44, s. 14(2).

Ss. 212-219 mod. 44, s. 14(4M6).

. 219 mod . 212(4) expld . 240(1) appl . 241 (3Xd) excl. (mod.) 44, s. 16(1 Xu). 44, s. 15(5). 44, s. 46(1). 44, s. 16(1).

. 241(3Xe) am. 44, s. 16(1).

. 249(5) appl 44, s. 45(2).

Ss. 258(3) proviso, 259(1), 44, s. 45(6), sch.

260 (exc. subs. (5)) appl. 16 para. 2(1).

Pt. X Chapters I-III (ss. 3, ss. 96(3), 97

265-312) rep. (1), sch. 11.

. 313 ext. 3, s. 98(2), sch. 12

para. 2.

Ss. 314,315 definitions of 3, ss. 96(3), 97

"forestry land", " forestry income " rep. (1), sch. 11.

j Pt. X Chapter V (ss. 316- 3, s. 98(2), sch. 12

322) ext. para. 3(1).

. 321(2) mod. (patents) 3, s. 98(2), sch. 12

para. 3(3).

Pt. X Chapter VI (ss. 3, ss. 96(3), 97

323-334), Pt. XI (ss. 335-340) rep. (1), sch. 11.

Pt. XIII (ss. 347-353) 44, s. 49(1).

appl.

. . 347 ext 44, s. 30(1).

4 Q

Effect of Legislation

xcviii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2: c. 10—cont.

Income Tax Act 1952— cont.

. 354(1X2X4) appl.

(mod.).

Ss. 359, 360 appL (mod.) . 361 appl. (mod.)

. 397(1) excl

. 397(3) rep

44, s. 44.

44, s. 44(4).

44, s. 44.

44, s. 15(3).

44, ss. 15(3), 61 10), sch. 20 Pt.

c. 18

c. 25

c. 33

c. 40

c. 43 c. 44

... Diplomatic Immunities (Commonwealth Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act 1952.

... National Health Service Act 1952.

... Finance Act 1952

... Crown Lessees (Protection of Sub-Tenants) Act 1952.

... Disposal of Uncollected Goods Act 1952.

... Customs and Excise Act 1952.

Pt. XIX (ss. 418-424) expld.

. 461(2)(3) am. i

Ss. 482, 484(2) rep. ...

. 492 ext

. 495(2) am

. 505 rep. (E.)

Ss. 527(4Xfl) rep., 531(2) proviso rep. in pt., 531 (3), sch. 12 rep.

Sch. 13 ext

Sch. 14, 15 rep.

Sch. 16 expld

para. 5(1X6) mod. paras. 5-8 rep....

paras. 5, 6, 8 superseded.

Sch. 17 excL

Sch. 22 Pt. HI paras. 3 rep. in pt., 4-10,14,15 rep.

. 1(2) am. (prosp.)

. 1(6) am. ...

. 1(1) am

. 2(1) am. (E.) (.) ...

. 5(2), (3) rep. (prosp.)... . 6 rep. in pt

Ss. 19-22 rep., 24 rep. in pt., 25 rep.

. 26(2) ext

Schs. 5, 6 Pt. HI para.

18(1) rep., (2) rep. in pt. Rep. (E.)

44, s. 16, sch. 9 para. 17(1).

8, s. 4(3), sch. 2 para. 1.

56, s. 2(2), sch. para. 1.

3, ss. 96(3), 97 (1), sch. 11.

2, s. 5(2).

44, s. 53(1).

60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

3, ss. 96(3), 97(1), sch. 11.

3, s. 98(2), sch. 12 para. 3(1).

3, s. 96(3), 97(1), sch. 11.

44, s. 30(4).

44, s. 49(2).

44, s. 61(10), sch.

20 Pt. n.

44, s. 29(1).

44, s. 30(3).

3, ss. 96(3), 97 (1), sch. 11.

18, s. 12.

8, s. 4(3), sch. 2 para. 2.

56, s. 2(2), sch. para. 2.

46, s. 30(1).

.I. Nos. 544, 557.

46, s. 78(2), sch.4.

60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

3, ss. 96(3), 97(3), sch. 11.

44, s. 34, sch. 12 para. 3(3).

3, ss. 96(3), 97(3), sch. 11.

23, s. 117(5), sch. 17.

. 3(3) rep. in pt.

Ext. (E.) (.) ...

. 11 ext.

. 34 excl.

60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

2, s. 3(5).

29, s. 17.

33, s. 1(4), sch. para. 2(1).

Effect of Legislation

xcix

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

15 & 16 Geo. 6

& 1 Eliz. 2: c. 44—coni. Customs and Excise Act . 34(2 Xa)appl. . 34(2X6) excl. (temp.)... 74, s. 1(8X«).

1952—cont. 74, s. 1(8X6).

. 38 restr. 74, s. 2(6), sch. 2

para. 4.

. 44 expld 67,s.ll6(l).

. 56 expld 67, s. 116(2).

. 66 rep. and superseded 44, ss. 6(4),

60(10), sch. 20 Pt. I.

. 67 ext 44, s. 6(4).

. 88 excl. (temp.) 74, s. l(8Xa).

. 109(1) excl . 162(4) am. and rep. in 44, s. 1(3). 54, s. 19(1), sch.

pt. (E.). 2.

. 196 excl. (temp.) 74, s. 1(8X6).

. 255 ext 33, s. 1(4), sch. para. 2(2).

. 259 excl. (temp.) 74, s. 1(6).

Ss. 265,269 rep. (E.),(.) 2, s. 6(2), sch.

. 273(3) appl. (mod.) 74, s. 1(7).

(temp.).

c. 45 Pensions (Increase) Act Sch. 3 rep. in pt. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

1952. Pt. III.

c. 46 Hypnotism Act 1952 ... Saved . 2(1A) added 54, s. 1(2). 54, s. 19(1), sch. 2. 19, s. 28(3).

c. 48 Costs in Criminal Cases Ext

Act 1952. . 1 ext 19, s. 8(4), sch. 2

para. 3.

Ss. 3 rep., 4(1) rep. in pt. Ss. 7, 8(1) am 19, s. 54, sch. 7. 19, s. 52(1), sch. 65,' ss. 11(1),

. 8(1) ext. (prosp.)

34(6), sch. 2

para. 30(4), sch. 9 para.

14(4).

excl. (London) 69, s. 1, sch. 3

(prosp.). para. 4(1).

Ss. 10(2) subst., (5), 11(1) 19, s. 52(1), sch.

am. 5.

. 11(1) ext. (prosp.) ... 65, ss. 11(1),

34(6), sch. 2 para. 30(4). sch. 9 para.

14(4).

excl. (London) 69, s. 1, sch. 3

(prosp.). Ss. 12 subst., 17(2) am. para. 4(1). 19, s. 52(1), sch. 19, s. 54, sch. 7.

. 17(5) rep. in pt.

c. 52 Prison Act 1952 . 22(1) am . 38(3) rep 19, s. 52(1), sch. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt.n.

. 47 am. (Cts. Martial 20, s. 52.

Appeals). Sch. 3 rep. in pt.

27, s. 59(1), sch. 72, s. 99.

c. 54 Town Development Act . 2(2Xcc) added

1952.

4 Q 2

c

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

IS & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2:—cont. c. 55

Magistrates’ Courts Act 1952.

. 19excl.

. 33 rep

. 35 saved

Ss. 65(1), 66appl.

. 104excl.

. 118(3) rep. in pt.

. 118(4) subst. (prosp.)

Ss. 120(1), 121(1X0), (3) rep., 126(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

Sch. 1 paras. 1, 5, 6 rep

para. 8 subst.

27,s.51(3), sch. 6 Pt. II para. 3. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. in.

9, s. 5(3Xo).

77, s. 12(3).

27, s. 51(4).

29, s. 19(2).

67, s. 125(1).

73, s. 32(6), sch. 8 para. 8.

69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. U.

69, s. 1, sch. 3 para. 8.

69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II.

60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. HI.

60, s. 33(2), sch. 2

pt. in.

c. 57

c. 60 c. 61

c. 63

c. 66 c. 67

I Marine and Aviation I Insurance (War Risks) I Act 1952.

| Agriculture (Poisonous I Substances) Act 1952.

Prisons (Scotland) Act 1 1952.

' Housing (Scotland) Act 1 1952.

| Defamation Act 1952 ... Visiting Forces Act 1952

11 subst. ... Sch. 5 rep. in pt.

Transfer of functions ... Ss. 5(3) rep. in pt., 6 rep.

Ss. 6(2H7), 11(1), (4),

(5) appl. (mod.).

. 18(1 M3 A) rep. (prosp.)

. 32(3) rep. in pt. (prosp) (4) rep. (prosp).

. 35 am. (Cts. Martial Appeals).

Sch. 3 rep. in pt.

Ss. 1(4), 3,4,6,7,9(1), (2) rep., (3) rep. in pt., (4),

(6) rep.

. 3 appl. (E.)

. l(lXo) am. ...

. 10(l)(a) restr

Sch. para. 1(a) am, (E.)

paras. \(b)(v\ 3(a), (d)(e)rep. (E.). ... para. 3(g) added (E.)

60, s. 29(2).

27, s. 59(1), sch.

.I. No. 2038.

13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

34, s. 6(4).

49, ss. 7(8), 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

20, s. 52.

27, s. 59(1), sch.

31, s. 70, sch. 10.

54, s. 4(2).

8, s. 4(3), sch. 2 para. 6.

56, s. 2(2), sch.

para. 7.

8, s. 4(3), sch. 2 para. 6.

60, s. 33(2), sch. 2 Pt. III.

60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. in.

60, s. 33(2), sch. 2 Pt. III.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2: c. 3 ...

c. 11 ...

Public Works Loans Act . 6(1), (2) rep. ...

1952.

Harbours, Piers and Rep

Ferries (Scotland) Act

1953.

... 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. n.

... 73, s. 165(c), sch.

18 Pt. III.

Effect of Legislation

ci

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1 A 2 Eliz. 2:

c. 15

c. 17

c. 20

c.J23 c. 25

c. 33 c. 34

c. 36

Iron and Steel Act 1953...

White Fish and Herring Industries Act 1953.

Births and Deaths Registration Act 1953.

Accommodation Agencies Act 1953.

Local Government Superannuation) Act 1953.

Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1953.

Finance Act 1953

Post Office Act 1953 ...

. 22 rep

. 1(1) am

. 1(3) rep. in pt.

. 2(4) rep

. 5 am

. 5(1) replaced

. 5(2)(a) subst., (b) am.

. 5(3) am

. 5(5) definitions of " the exclusivefishery limits", " products " added.

. 6(1) am

. 6(4) am

. 13(2)(3) rep

Power to am. (fees)

. 1 am. (prosp.)

Ss. 5 proviso, 6(3), 7(2), 9(4) rep., 11(3). 12, 13

(1) rep. in pt., (2) am.

. 14 am. (prosp.)

Ss. 14(3), 20 proviso, 21

(2) rep., 24(2), (4), 29(3)

rep. in pt., 30(2) am., (a), (b) rep., 31(2) am.,

lb) rep., 32 am., (a), (b) rep., 33(1) am.

Cont. until 31.12.1969 ...

. 15(2X«) am. (development corporations) (.). Sch. 3 Pt. I appl. (London) (prosp.).

. 2(a) rep. in pt.

. 4 am

. 8(3) rep. in pt.

. 15(1) mod

Ss. 16-18 rep

. 19 excl

mod

ext.

. 22(1) am

. 23(1) rep. in pt.

. 23(2) am.

13, s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

77, s. 22(1), sch. 1 para. 8.

77, s. 22(1)(2). sch. 1 para. 9, sch. 2 Pt. I.

77,s.22(2), sch. 2 Pt. I.

77, s. 2.

77, s. 22(1), sch. 1 para. 10.

77, s.22(l), sch. 1 para. 11.

77,ss.l(3), 22(1), sch. 1 para. 12.

77, s. 22(1), sch. 1 para. 13.

77, s. 22(1), sch. 1 para. 14.

77, s. 22(1), sch. 1 para. 15.

77, s. 22(2), sch. 2 Pt. I.

14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

53, s. 8.

.I. No. 1242.

53, s. 8(4).

.I. No. 1242.

76, s. 1(1), sch.

16, s. 41(1).

69, s. 1, sch. 3 para. 10(2).

17, s. 1(3), sch. 2.

46, s. 67(1).

17, s. 1(3), sch. 2.

44, s. 15(1), sch. 8 para. 8(2).

3, ss. 96(3), 97(1), sch. 11.

3, s. 12f3)

3, s. 67(3).

3, ss. 48, 79.

60, s. 33(1), sch. 2 Pt. I para. 2.

60, s. 33(1)(3), sch. 2 Pt. I para. 2, sch. 3 Pt. III.

60, s. 33(1), sch. 2 Pt. I para. 2.

4 Q 3

Effect of Legislation

cii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1 A 2 Eliz. 2:

c. 36—cont. Post Office Act 1953— cont. . 47(5) rep. in pt. and superseded (prosp.). 72, ss. 27, 108, sch. 11.

. 52 rep. (E.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. I.

am. (.) (N.I.) ... 60, s. 33(1), sch. 2

Pt. I para. 3.

. 53 am. 60, s. 33(1), sch. 2

Pt. I para. 4.

. 54 rep. (E.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. I.

rep. in pt. and am. 60, s. 33(1), sch. 2

(.) (N.I.). Pt. I para. 5.

. 55 am. 60, s. 33(1), sch. 2

Pt. I para. 6.

. 57 rep. in pt. (E.) ... 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. I.

rep. in pt. and am. 60, s. 33(1), sch. 2

Pt. 1 para. 7.

. 58(1) am 60, s. 33(1), sch. 2

Pt. I para. 6.

. 65A added 60, s. 33(1), sch. 2

Pt. I para. 8.

. 69(2) rep 60, s. 33(1), sch. 2

Pt. I para. 9.

. 70 subst 60, s. 33(1), sch. 2

Pt. I para. 10.

. 72(3) added 60, s. 33(1), sch. 2

Pt. I para. 11.

. 87(1) definition of 60, s. 33(1), sch. 2

" valuable security " Pt. I para. 12.

rep. (E.), subst. (.)

(N.I.).

Sch. 1 paras. 4-7 rep. 72, s. 108, sch. 11.

c. 37 Registration Service Act (prosp.). . 18(3), (4) Power to am. 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

1953.

c. 47 Emergency Laws (Mis- . 6(4) rep 46, s. 78(2), sch.

cellaneous Provisions) 4.

Act 1953. Sch. 1 para. 4 rep. (E.)... 23, s. 117(5), sch.

17.

c. 48 Merchandise Marks Act Rep 29, s. 41(2), sch.

1953. 2.

c. 50 Auxiliary Forces Act 1953 . 29(2) rep. (E.)(.) ... 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. I.

C.A.M. No. 1 Union of Benefices (Dis- Rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s.

used Churches) Mea- 95, sch. 9.

sure 1952.

No. 2 Diocesan Stipends Funds . 6 rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s.

Measure 1953. 95, sch. 9.

No. 5 Benefices (Suspension of Rep. (saving for .l.) C.A.M. No. l,ss.

Presentation) Measure (prosp.). 94, 95, sch. 8

1953. para. 9(c), sch. Q

2 & 3 Eliz. 2: y*

c. 24 Cotton Act 1954 5(3) rep 32, s. 18(2), sch.4.

. 5(4) rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

c. 32 Atomic Energy Authority Sch. 3 rep. (entry relating 32, s.l 8(2), sch. 4.

Act 1954. to s. 19 of the Ministry

I of Supply Act 1939).

Effect of Legislation

dii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

2 & 3 Eliz. 2:

—cont. c. 44 ...

c. 46

c. 48 c. 50

c. 56

c. 57 ... c. 61 ...

Finance Act 1954

Protection of Animals (Anaesthetics) Act 1954.

Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act 1954.

Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act 1954.

Landlord and Tenant Act 1954.

Baking Industry (Hours of Work) Act 1954. Pharmacy Act 1954

. 16(2X«), (3X*), (4 (6 mrep., (8) rep. in pt., (9), (9A) rep.

. 20 ext.

Ss. 20(8), 21, 23 rep. ...

. 29(1X2X4) am.

. 33(2) expld

. 34(1), (2) rep.

Sch. 2 paras. 1(4), 2 rep., 4(1) rep. in pt. 6, 7 rep.

Sch. 5 paras. 1,3,4 rep....

Sch. 1 paras. 7, 8 Power to modify.

. 23 excl.

Ss. 4,9-11 rep '

Pt. H (ss. 23-49) rep. ...

. 50(1) am

Sch. 4 rep

Ss. 1. 2(1), (5), 3(3), 6(1), (2), 7(6), 10(2), 12(1X6), (2Xa) am.

. 15 rep.

Ss. 18(2), 21(4) am., 22(1) definition of" the Rent Acts" subst., (2) am.

Pt. H (ss. 23-46)excl. ...

saved...

. 24 expld

. 43(l)(c) subst! !!!

. 62(1) rep

Sch. 1 paras. 17,19, sch. 2 para. 4 am., sch. 3 para. 2 subst.

Sch. 8 paras. 4,5 appl....

. 6(2) am. (E.)

Ss. 8,18 ext

. 19 rep. (prosp.)

. 20 ext

Sch. 1 ext

3, ss. 96(3), 97(1), sch. 11.

3, s. 70(5).

3, ss. 96(3), 97(1), sch. 11.

44, s. 35(1), sch. 14 para. 1.

13^s. 2$2), sch. 6

3, ss. 96(3), 97(1), sch. 11.

13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

34, s. 5.

27, s. 51(4).

29, s. 19(3).

67, s. 125(2). 73,s.32(6), sch. 8 para. 9.

31, s. 70, sch. 10.

23, s. 117(5), sch. 17.

23, s. 117(2), sch. 15.

23, s. 117(5), sch. 17.

23, s. 117(2), sch. 15.

23, s. 117(5), sch. 17.

23, s. 117(2), sch. 15.

23, s. 9(3).

23, s. 9(5).

23, s. 3(1), sch. 1 para. 8(2).

23, s. 9(4).

23, s. 117(2), sch.

32,s‘l8(2), sch. 4. 23, s. 117(2), sch. 15.

34, s. 10(5).

64, s. 17(3), sch.

67, s. 80.

67, s. 135(2), sch.

6.

67, s. 80.

67, s. 80.

4 0 4

CIV

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

2 & 3 Eliz. 2: —cont.

c. 62 Post Office Savings Bank Act 1954. . 17(1) rep. in pt. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 63 Trustee Savings Banks . 11 am 6, s. 3(4).

1 I Act 1954. . 26(2) proviso rep. ... . 26(3) rep . 27(2) am . 32(1) rep. in pt. . 34(1) am . 34(2) rep . 36(1) rep. in pt. . 37(1) am . 37(2) rep . 40(1) am . 47(10) rep. in pt. . 67 am. . 71(1) am . 71(2) rep 6, ss. 4, 11, sch. 6, s. 11, sch. 6, s. 1. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. 1. 6, s. 5(1). 6, s. 11, sch. 6, ss. 5(3), 11, sch. 6, s. 5(1). 6, s. 11, sch. 6, s. 6. 6, ss. 8, 11 sch. 6, s. 7. 6, s. 5(2). 6, s. 11, sch.

c. 64 Transport Charges (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1954. . 13(1) definition of "independant " am. 73, s. 156(2), sch. 16 para. 7.

c. 68 Pests Act 1954 . 6 ext. (hovercraft) ... 59, ss. 3, 4(3), sch. para. 3.

c. 73 Town and Country Plan- . 50(8) Power to am. ... 14. s. 5(1), sch. 3.

ning (Scotland) Act 1954. . 64(2) rep . 64(3) excl . 64(3X0), (c) am. . 64(3)(c), (4) rep. in pt., (5M7)rep. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 13, s. 11(2). 13, s. 11(3). 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

C.A.M. No. 2 Re-organisation Areas Measure 1944 (Amendment) Measure 1954. Rep. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s. 95, sch. 9.

3 &4 Eliz. 2:

c. 13 Rural Water Supplies and Sewerage Act . 1(3X6) rep. in pt. ... 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II.

1955. . 1(3)(6) am 13, s. 6.

c. 18 1 i i i Army Act 1955 i 1 1 Cont. until 31.12.1969 ... Restr Ss. 44(1X6), 45(6) subst. Ss. 76-79 excl . 113(3) am., 113 A added . 116 ext . 118(1) am Ss. 121, 122 am. (Cts. Martial Appeals). . 132 excl . 134 excl . 138(1) am . 138(9) mod. (Cts. Martial Appeals). . 138(9)(fl), (e) am. ... .I. No. 2029. 8, s. 4(2Xfl). 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2 pt. n. 20, s. 19(4). 20, s. 58, sch. 4. 20, s. 16(2X3). 20, s. 58, sch. 4. 20, s. 52. 20, s. 20(1). 20, s. 19(2). 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2 Pt. II. 20, s. 46(1). 20, s. 58, sch. 4.

Effect of Legislation

cv

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

3 & 4 Eliz. 2:

c. 18—cont. Army Act 1955—cont. . 225(1) definition oH 8, s. 4(2 )(b).

"Commonwealth > 56, s. 2(2), sch.

force " am. J . 225(1) definitions of "handles" added para. 5. 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2

Pt. II.

" steals " subst.

c. 19 Air Force Act 1955 Cont. until 31.12.1969 ... .I. No. 2028.

Restr 8, s. 4(2Xfl).

Ss. 44(1 )(b),45(b) subst. 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2

Pt. II.

Ss. 76-79 excl 20, s. 19(4).

. 113(3) am., 113 A added 20, s. 58, sch. 4.

. 116 ext 20, s. 16(2X3).

. 118(1) am Ss. 121, 122 am. (Cts. 20, s. 58, sch. 4. 20, s. 52.

Martial Appeals).

. 132 excl . 134 excl . 138(1) am 20, s. 20(1). 20, s. 19(2). 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2

Pt. II.

. 138(9) mod. (Cts. Mar- 20, s. 46(1).

tial Appeals). . 138(9)(o), (e) am. ... 20, s. 58, sch. 4.

. 223(1) definition of) 8, s. 4(2 )(b).

"Commonwealth > 56, s. 2(2), sch.

force " am. J . 223(1) definition of "handles" added para. 5. 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2

Pt. II.

" steals " subst.

c. 20 Revision of the Army and Sch. 2 para. 15(2H5) rep. 20, s. 60, sch. 6.

Air Force Acts (Transitional Provisions) Act

1955.

c. 21 Crofters (Scotland) Act . 8(6) am 70, s. 8, sch. 2

1955. Pt. I para. 1.

. 10(5) am 70, s. 8, sch. 2

i . 10(7) am . 11 reprinted as am. ... Pt. I para. 2. 70, s. 8, sch. 2 Pt. I para. 3. 70, s. 8, sch. 2

Pt. II.

. 11(1) subst 70, s. 8, sch. 2

Pt. I para. 4.

. 11(2) rep 70, ss. 8, sch. 2

Pt. I para. 5, sch. 3.

. 11(3) subst 70, s. 8, sch. 2

Pt. I para. 6.

1 . 11(4) replaced 70, s. 8, sch. 2

. 11(5) subst . 11(6) am Pt. I para. 7. 70, s. 8, sch. 2 Pt. I para. 8. 70, s. 8, sch. 2

Pt. I para. 9.

. 11(8)(9) rep 70, ss. 8, 22(3),

sch. 2 Pt. I para. 10, sch. 3.

. 14 reprinted as am. ... 70, s. 8, sch. 2

Pt. II.

. 14(1) am 70, s. 8, sch. 2

I Pt. I para. 11. 4 Q*

cvi

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chapter of 1968 Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

3 & 4 Eliz. 2:

c. 21— cont Crofters (Scotland) Act . 14(6) am 70, s. 8, sch. 2

1955—cont. Pt. I para. 12. 70, s. 8, sch. 2

. 14(7) am

. 14(9) am Pt. I para. 13. 70, s. 8, sch. 2

. 14(10) proviso am. Pt. I para. 14. 70, s. 8, sch. 2

. 14(11) am . 16(1) am Pt I para. 15. 70, s. 8, sch. 2 Pt. I para. 16. 70, s. 8, sch. 2

Pt. I para. 17.

. 22(8) rep. in pt. . 37(1) definition of "sta- 31, s. 70, sch. 10. 70, s. 8, sch. 2

tutory successor " am. Pt. I para. 18. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

c.22 Pensions (India, Pakistan . 1(1X6) rep

and Burma) Act 1955. Pt. I.

c. 24 Requisitioned Houses and . 4 saved 23, s. 117(1), sch.

Housing (Amendment) . 4(2X6), (3) am. 14.

Act 1955. 23, s. 117(2), sch.

15.

. 4(4) rep 23, s. 117(2), (5),

schs. 15,17.

. 5 rep 23, s. 117(5), sch.

17.

. 15 rep. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 18(1) definition of "the 23, s. 117(5), sch.

Rent Acts", "statu- 17.

tory successor" rep. (E.).

c. 26 Public Service (Travel Power to am 73, s. 138(7).

Concessions) Act 1955. . 1(4X6) rep 73, ss. 138(2), 165

(c), sch. 18 Pt. in.

c. 28 Children and Young Persons (Harmful Publica- Cont. until 31.12.1969 ... 76, s. 1(1), sch.

tions) Act 1955.

C.A.M. No. 1 Inspection of Churches Excl. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1,

Measure 1955. s. 49(3).

i & 5 Eliz. 2:

c. 2 German Conventions . 1(2) rep. (saving) ... 48, s. 12(4X6),

Act 1955. sch. 2.

c. 4 European Coal and Steel Rep. (saving) 48, s. 12(4X6X7),

Community Act 1955. sch. 2.

c. 5 International Finance . 2(1), (2) rep., (3) rep. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Corporation Act 1955. in pt. PL I.

. 2(3) am 13, s. 10(2Xc).

c. 6 Miscellaneous Financial . 1(3) am 75, s. 1.

Provisions Act 1955. . 2 rep 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

. 5(9) am 13, s. 13(6), sch. 5. 29, s. 2(5).

c. 16 Food and Drugs Act 1955 Saved Ss. 1(2), (3X6) rep. (prosp.), (6), 2(1), (3)

67, s. 135(2), sch.

6.

rep. in pt. (prosp.) 3(2) rep. (prosp?) (3), 6(1),

(2), (5), (6) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

Effect of Legislation

cvii

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

4 & 5 Eliz. 2:

c. 16— c Food and Drugs Act 1955 . 11(2) am 73, s. 156(2), sch.

—cont. . 26 rep. 16 para. 7. 46, s. 78(2), sch. 60,s. 33(3), sch. 3

. 60 rep. (residue)

Pt. I.

. 88(3) rep. in pt. 13,8.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. II.

. 91(2) rep. in pt. (prosp 67, s. 135(2), sch.

. 93 appl 29,s.22(2).

Ss. 93(1), (3), 97 rep. in 67, s. 135(2), sch.

pt. (prosp.). 6.

. 97 appl 29, s. 22(2).

Ss. 105(2), 109(3Xfl), 114 67, s. 135(2), sch.

(4) rep. in pt. (prosp.). 6.

. 123 appl . 135(1) definition of 29, s. 22(2). 46, s. 62(1).

"ships" am.

Sch. 7 para. 7 rep. in pt. (prosp.). Sen. 7 Pt. I appl. Schs. 8, 9 Pt. I rep. in pt. (prosp.). Sch. 9 Pt. I rep. in pt. ... 67, s. 135(2), sch. 29, s. 22(2). 67, s. 135(2), sch. 6. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

pt. n. .I. No. 1699.

Sch. 10para. 2(a)am. ... . 1(1X6), (4) Transfer of

c. 18 Aliens’ Employment Act .I. No. 1656.

1955. functions.

c. 24 Children and Young Per- Rep. (.) (prosp.) 49, s. 95(2), sch. 9

sons Act 1956. Pt. I.

Am. (E.) (prosp.) 49, s. 95(1), sch. 8

para. 35.

c. 25 Therapeutic Substances Rep. (prosp.) 67, s. 135(2), sch.

Act 1956. 6.

c. 30 Food and Drugs (Scotland) Act 1956. Saved Ss. 1(2), (3X6) repSprosp.) 29, s. 2(5). 67, s. 135(2), sch

(6), 2(1), (3) rep. inpt. (prosp.), 3(2) rep. 6.

(prosp.), 6(1), (2), (5), (6) rep. in pt. (prosp.). 73, s. 156(2), sch.

. 11(2) am

16 para. 7.

Ss. 28(2), 29(1X2) rep. in 67, s. 135(2), sch.

pt (prosp.). 6.

. 30 appl 29, s. 22(2).

. 33 appl 29, s. 22(2).

rep. in pt. (prosp.) 67, s. 135(2), sch. 67, s. 135(2), sch. 6. 29, s. 22(2).

. 39(2) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

. 56 appl . 58(1) definition of

46, s. 62(2).

" ship " am.

c. 34 Criminal Justice Admin- . 4(2) am 69, s. 1, sch. 1.

istration Act 1956. . 13(4) rep. (saving), sch. 2 para. 6 rep. (prosp.). Sch. 2 para. 7 rep. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt n. 69, s. 8(2), sch 5

Pt. I.

4 Q* 2

Effect of Legislation

cviii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

4 & 5 Eliz. 2:

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

c. 46

c. 48 ...

c. 50 ...

c. 52 ...

Administration of Justice Act 1956.

Sugar Act 1956...

Family Allowances and National Insurance Act 1956.

Clean Air Act 1956

Pts. I (ss. 1-8) (exc. ss. 4 (1), 8 (1), " definition of ship "), V (ss. 45-50) ext. (hovercraft).

. 56 saved and ext. ...

Sch. 1 Pt. I ext. (hovercraft).

. 5(2) am

. 5(3) rep

. 5(4Xa) am

. 5(5) am

rep. in pt.

. 7 Power to mod.

. 33(2) appl

. 5 rep. (.) (prosp.) ...

59, s. 2(1).

59, s. 2(5).

59, s. 2(1).

13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

44, s. 58(1).

44, s. 58(6).

49, s. 95(2), sch 9 Pt. I.

. 1 excl. (prosp

Ss. 1-16 excl

. 2 rep

. 3 Power to appl. (mod.)

(prosp.).

. 5 rep

. 6(1) excl. (prosp.) ...

am. (prosp.)

. 6(1X2) rep. inpt. ...

. 6(3H5) appl. (prosp.). . 6(4) am. (prosp.)

Ss. 6(4), 7 rep. in pt. ...

. 7(1) am. (prosp.)

. 7( 1 )(b) replaced . 7(lX6Xc) Power to am.

(prosp.).

. 7(2) am. (prosp.)

. 7(2X<t) am. (prosp.) ...

. 8(1) am

rep. in pt.

. 9 am

. 10 rep. in pt.

. 11 am.

. 13 ext

. 14(l)(c) rep. in pt. ...

. 16(lXc) added (prosp.).

. 17(1X2X5X6) rep. and superseded.

. 18 am.

62, s. 1(2).

62, s. 11(1).

62, s. 14(2), sch.

62, s. 7(1).

62, ss. 2(6), 14(2), sch. 2.

62, s. 3(5).

62, s. 3(6).

62, s. 14(2), sch.

62, s. 3(5), (7).

62, s. 3(7).

62, s. 14(2), sch.

2.

62, s. 5(3M7). 62, s. 5(1).

62, s. 5(2).

62, s. 5(3M7).

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 para. 2.

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 para. 3.

62, s. 14(2), sch.

2.

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 para. 4.

62, ss. 6(12), 14 (2), sch. 2.

62, ss. 8-10.

62, s. 8(8).

62, s. 14(2), sch.

2.

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 para. 5

62, ss. 11(8), 14 (2), sch. 2.

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 para. 1.

Effect of Legislation

cix

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

4 A 5 Eliz. 2: c. 52—cont.

Clean Air Act 1956

—cont.

. 18(2) Power to appl.

(mod.) iprosp

. 19(3) am

Power to appl. (mod.).

. 20(1) rep. in pt.

. 20(4) am. ...

Power to appl. (mod.) iprosp.). . 21 am.

. 22 am.

. 22(1) Power to appl.

(mod.) iprosp.). . 26 am.

. 27(5) am. ... Ss. 28, 29 am. ...

. 29(2) am. iprosp.) . 30 am. iprosp.)

. 3) am.

c. 54

c. 60 c. 68

Finance Act 1956

Valuation and Rating (Scotland) Act 1956. Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1956.

. 34(1) definitions of "chimney " am. "fumes’* added iprosp.).

" oven " rep.

. 34(2) am. iprosp.) ...

. 34(7) am

Sch. 1 para. 4 am.

para. 6excl.

Ss. 16, 17 rep

. 24 ext

. 39(1 Xa) subst.

s. 42(6) am

Ss. 42(6) rep. in pt., 43(1) rep.

. 43(2) am

Sch. 2 para. 2 ext.

. 8(1X6) am. iprosp.), (c) subst. iprosp.).

Am

Pt. I (ss. 1-23) excl. ...

. 1(2) mod

. 6 appl.

. 6(6) excl

. 6(8) am. iretrosp.) ... . 7(1) rep

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

62, s. 7(1).

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 para. 1.

62, s. 7(1).

62, s. 14(2), sch.

2.

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 para. 1.

62, s. 7(1).

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 para. 6.

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 para. 1.

62, s. 7(1).

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 para. 1.

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 paras. 1, 7.

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 para. 1.

62, s. 14(1), sch. I para. 8.

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 para. 9.

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 para. 1.

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 para. 10.

62, s. 14(2), sch.

2.

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 para. 11.

62, s. 14(1), sch. 1 para. 12.

62, s. 10(4).

62, s. 10(1).

3, ss. 96(3), 97(1), sch. 11.

44, s. 28(1).

44, s. 57(2).

13, s. 2, sch. 1.

13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

13, s. 16(1).

3, s. 47(4).

49, s. 95(1), sch. 8 para. 36.

66, s. 14(2).

34, s. 45(2), (3), (5).

66, s. 9.

66, s. 12(5).

66, s. 11(1).

34, s. 45(1).

.I. No. 1036.

4 Q* 3

cx

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

4 & 5 Eliz. 2: c. 68—cont. Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1956—cont. . 7(2) am . 7(3) subst. (as subst.) am. . 8 ext . 8(3X5) mod . 9 Power to apply ... ext . 9(1) exd . 9(1) rep. inpt.,(2H4) .NDam. ext. . 10(3) rep. in pt., (5) rep. 66, s. 16(1), sch. 66, s. 4. 66, ss. 1-3. 66, s. 11. 66, s. 5. 66, s 12(4). 66, s. 11(4). 66, s. 16(2), sch. 66, ss. 6, 7,16(2), sch. 2. 66, s. 12(4). 66, s. 16(2), sch. 66, s. 16(1), sch. 2*

. 11(2) am

. 12 rep. (saving) . 13 am. . 13(2) rep. in pt., (5) rep. 66, ss. 9(4), 16(2), sch. 3. 66, s. 13(1). 66, s. 16(2), sch.

. 14(2) saved . 15 am . 15(4) rep 66, s. 8(2). 66, s. 13(1). 66, s. 16(2), sch. 66,‘ss. 13(1), 16 (2), sch. 3. 66, s. 8(1). 66, s. 10(2). 66, s. 12(1). 66, s. 10(1). 66, s. 10(3). 66, s.16(1), sch. 2. 66, s. 12(4). 5, s. 1(5), sch. 32, s. 18(2), sch. 5, s. 1(5), sch. 66, s. 15. 66, s. 16(3X6). 66, s. 16(1), sch. 2. 27, s. 17(2), sch. 1 paras. 6, 8, 9. 27, s. 59(1), sch. 7

. 18 rep. (saving) . 19(1X6) subst. . 20 expld . 20(3) appl . 21(1X6) added . 22(4) am. . 23(2X<0 am . 31 ext . 32(2) rep. . 34 rep

. 35(2) rep . 37 am. Sch. saved paras. 4, 9 am.

c. 69 Sexual Offences Act 1956 Ss. 1, 17, 18, 20 am. ... Sch. 3 rep. in pt.

c. 74 Copyright Act 1956 . 10(1) rep., (2X6) rep. in pt., (2Xc) rep., (3) subst. . 47(5) rep 68, s. 1. 32, s. 18(2), sch. 54, s. 7(3). 67, s. 92(6). 68, s. 1. 56, s. 2(2), sch. para. 9.

. 48(3) appl ext Sch. 1 paras. 2 rep. in pt., 3 am. Sch. 7 para. 39(2) excl. (Swaziland).

Effect of Legislation

cxi

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

4 A 5 Eliz. 2:

—cant. c. 76

C.A.M. No. 2

No. 3

5 A6 Eliz. 2: c. 1 ...

c. 11 ...

c. 18 ...

c. 20 ...

Medical Act 1956

Representation of the Laity Measure 1956.

Parochial Church Councils (Powers) Measure

1956.

Police, Fire and Probation Officers Remuneration Act 1956. Homicide Act 1957

Customs Duties (Dumping and Subsidies) Act

1957.

House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957.

. 47 rep. (prosp.)

. 57(9)(10) rep. .)

Sch. ext. (prosp.)

. 4(1 X*i) appl. (prosp.)..

. 1(1X<0 rep. in pt

(prosp.).

Sch. 1 paras. 2(3), 5 am (if revived).

. 1(1) proviso rep.

. 2 am

mod.

. 4 am. ...

. 7(2), (3) excl. . 7(3) am.

. 10 rep.

. 11(1) am.

. 11(2) am. Sch. 1 Pt. I am.

Pt. Ham....

Pt. II am. (prosp.) Pt. Ill am.

Pt. Ill rep. in pt. -Sch. 2 rep. in pt

Sch. 3 am.

rep. in pt.

rep. in pt. (prosp.)

67, ss. 98, 135(2), sch. 6.

67, s. 135(2), sch.

6.

C.A.M. No. s. 41, sch. para. 12(1). CA.M. No. s. 41, sch. para. 12(4).

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

19, s. 52(2), sch.

33,'s.2(6).

33, ss. 1(1), (2), 4(1).

33, s. 2.

33, s. 1(4), sch.

para. 3(2).

33, s. 3(2).

33, s. 3(1).

32, s. 18(2), sch.

4.

33, s. 4(1).

33, s. 1(6).

5.1. No. 187.

32, s. 3(4).

65, s. 10(4).

67, s. 2(6).

71, ss. 14(6), 25 (2), sch. 1 para. 12, sch. 4 para. 8.

72, s. 61(5).

73, s. 155(1).

5.1. No. 187.

24, s. m.

41, s. 1(6).

5.1. No. 187.

41, s. 50(2), sch.

5.

73, ss. 155(3X«), 165(c), sch. 18 Pt HI.

5.1. Nos. 729, 1699.

32, s. 3(4).

67, s. 2(6).

71, s. 14(6), sch. 1 para. 12.

73, s. 155(2).

5.1. No. 187.

73, ss. 155(3X6), 165(c), sch. 18 Pt. III.

24, s. 2(b).

4 Q* 4

CX11

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

5 & 6 Eliz. 2:

—cont.

c. 21 Cinematograph Films Act . 16 rep. 32, s. 18(2), sch.

1957. 4.

c. 22 White Fish and Herring . 1(3A), (4) rep. 77, s. 22(2), sch. 2

Industries Act 1957. . 3 am. ... Pt. I. 77, s. 2.

. 3(1) replaced 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1

para. 16.

. 3(2Xn) subst., (6) am. 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1

para. 17.

. 3(3) am 77, ss. 1(3), 22(1). sch. 1 para. 18.

. 3(4) definitions of " the 77, s. 22(1), sch. 1

exclusive fishery limits ", " products " added. para. 19.

. 4 rep 77, ss. 1(2), 22(2),

sch. 2 Pt. I.

Ss. 5(3X4) rep. in pt., 77, s. 22(2), sch. 2

6(2) rep. Pt. I.

c. 23 Export Guarantees Act Rep 26, s. 11(2).

1957.

c. 25 Rent Act 1957 Ss. 1-6 rep., 7-15 rep (E.). 23, s. 117(5), sch.

17.

. 10(2 Xd)rep . 16 saved (E.) 31, s. 70, sch. 10. 23, s. 12(4).

(.) 16, s. 22(4).

Ss. 17-19 rep. (E.), 20-22 23. s. 117(5), sch.

1 | rep., 23 rep. (E.), 24 rep., 25, 26(1) rep. (E.), (2) rep., (3), 27(2H4) rep. (E.), schs. 1,2 rep., 4, 5 Pts. 1 rep. (E.), II-IV rep. 6, paras. 1 rep. (E.), 2-15 rep.. 17.

16-21 rep. (E.), 22 rep., 23, 24, 25(1X2) rep.

(E.), (3) rep., (4) rep. ' (E.), 26, 27 rep., schs. 7, 8 Pt. I rep. i

c. 27 Solicitors Act 1957 . 33(2X6) rep. (exc. in 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

relation to City of London) (prosp.) (3) Pt. II.

rep. .I. No. 1699.

c. 28 Dentists Act 1957 Sch. 1 para. 14(3)am. ...

c. 38 Housing and Town Ss. 4, 5(1), 21 rep., 27(1) 31, s. 70, sch. 10.

Development (Scot- rep. in pt., sch. 1 paras.

land) Act 1957. 5, 6, 8, 10-12 rep.

c. 48 Electricity Act 1957 . 15(2) ext 39, s. 2(1).

. 15(2)(6), (3), (4X<0 am. 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 15(5) am. ... j 39, s. 2(2). 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 15(6) excl 39, s. 2(4).

Ss. 17, 18(l)-(3)am. ... 39, s. 2(3).

. 18(4) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 19 am. 39, s. 2(3).

Ss. 19(lXfl). 25 (3) am.... 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 36(1) rep. (prosp.) ... 72, s. 108, sch. 11.

i 1 i . 40(3), sch. 3 paras. 4, 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

! i 5(1), (2) am.

Effect of Legislation

cxiii

Session and

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject of Measure

5 & 6 Eliz. 2:

—cont.

c. 49 Finance Act 1957

c. 52 Geneva Conventions Act

1957.

c. 53 Naval Discipline Act 1957

c. 55 Affiliation Proceedings

1957.

c. 56 Housing Act 1957

How affected

. 3 rep

. 9 rep.

. 13 am.

Ss. 16, 17 rep. ...

. 38(10) rep. in pt.

. 41 rep.

Schs. 3, 4 rep. ...

. 4(1) replaced ...

. 4(3) rep.

. 6(8) rep.

Restr

. 29(b) subst. ...

j Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

... 44, ss. 3(2), 61

(10), sch. 20 Pt. I.

... 2, s. 6(2), sch.

... 44, s. 14(1).

... 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1),

sch. 11.

... 44, s. 61(10), sch.

20 Pt. IV.

... 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

... 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1),

sch. 11.

... 19, ss. 52(1), 55

(3), sch. 5.

... 20, s. 60, sch. 6.

... 32, s. 18(2), sch.

4.

... 8, s. 4(2

... 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2

Pt. II.

. 63 ext.

Ss. 70(3) am., 71A added . 76 mod. (Cts. Martial Appeals).

. 76(1) am

20, s. 16(2), (3). 20, s. 58, sch. 4. 20, s. 46(1).

60, s. 33(2), sch. 2 Pt. II.

. 77(1 )(a), (3) am. ...

Ss. 79, 82 am. (Cts. Martial Appeals).

. 85(1) am

. 135(1) definition of'I "Commonwealth country *’ am. J

.135(l) definitions of "handles" added, " steals " subst.

Sch. 5 rep. in pt.

. 4(2)(o) rep. in pt.

20, s. 58, sch. 4. 20, s. 52.

20, s. 58, sch. 4. 8, s. 4(2)(6).

56, s. 2(2), sch.

para. 5.

60, s. 33(2), sch. 2 Pt. II.

20, s. 60, sch. 6. 36, s. 1, sch.

. 16(5) am.

23, s. 117(2), sch. 15.

. 17(3) rep. in pt.

Ss. 22(5), 27(5) am. ...

Pt. Ill (ss. 42-75) appl.

(prosp.).

Ss. 45(6), 57(9), 68(2), 73 (4) am.

. 84 rep

. 104 mod

1

. 104(3)(*) am. (after 1 7.12.1965) I am. (before f 8.12.1965 J . 158(1) am

72, s. 108, sch. 11. 23, s. 117(2), sch.

15.

72, s. 36.

23, s. 117(2), sch. 15.

23. s. 117(5), sch. 17.

23, ss. 30, 44(5), 110, sch. 13.

23, s. 117(2), sch. 15.

23, s. 117(2), sch. 15.

Effect of Legislation

cxiv

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

5 & 6 Eliz. 2:

c. 56 —cont. Housing Act 1957—cont. . 189(1) definition of 23, s. 117(2), (5),

" the Rent Acts " rep. schs. 15,17.

Sch. 2 para. 7(2) am. ... 23, s. 117(2), sch.

15.

Sch. 10 rep in pt. 23, s. 117(5), sch.

17.

6 & 7 Eliz. 2: f 8, s. 4(3), sch. 2

c. 6 Import Duties Act 1958 . 2(4) am. ... 1 para. 4. 56, s. 2(2), sch.

I para. 4.

. 3(1) excl. {temp.) 74, s. 1(3).

.6 ext 74, s. 2(6), sch. 2

para. 6(2).

. 10 ext. 74, s. 2(6), sch. 2

para. 7(2).

. 13(3),(4)expld. ... . 14 rep. 1 33, ss. 1(5), 4(2). 32, s. 18(2), sch. 4. 6, s. 11, sch.

c. 8 Trustee Savings Banks . 1(1) rep

Act 1958. . 2(1) rep. (saving) 6, ss. 3(3), 11,

sch.

. 2(4) rep. in pt 6, s. 11, sch.

. 4(1) ext Sch. 1 rep. (saving) 6, s. 2. 6, ss. 3(3), 11,

sch.

c. 12 New Towns Act 1958 ... Rep. (.) 16, s. 48(3), sch. 11. 8, s. 4(3), sch. 2

c. 16 Commonwealth Institute Sch. 2 am. ... J para. 12.

Act 1958. I 56, s. 2(2), sch.

I para. 10.

c. 30 Land Powers (Defence) . 8(4) rep. {p 72,s. 108, sch. 11.

Act 1958.

c. 33 Disabled Persons (Em- . 3(2), sch. para. 2 am. 46,s.78(l), sch. 3

ployment) Act 1958. (E.). Pt. I.

c. 39 Maintenance Orders Act . 4(3) am 36, s. 1, sch.

1958.

c. 40 Matrimonial Proceedings . 10(4) subst. {prosp.) 49, ss. 95(1), 97

(Children) Act 1958. (1), sch. 8 para. 42.

. 11(1) am. {prosp.)(1A) added {prosp.). 49, ss. 95(1), 97

(1), sch. 8 para. 43(1).

. 11(2X3) rep. {prosp.)... 49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I. 49, ss. 95(1), 97

. 11(5) am. {prosp.) ...

(1), sch. 8 para. 43(2).

. 12(1X3) rep. in pt. 49,s.95(2), sch. 9

{prosp.). PL I.

c. 42 Housing (Financial Provi- . 17(3) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

sions) Act 1958. . 17(4)(6) rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 17(7), (8) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 17(8) rep. in pt. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 33 mod 23, s. 110, sch. 13.

. 33 ext . 40 rep. 23, s. 49(1). 23, s. 117(5), sch.

17.

Effect of Legislation

cxv

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

6 & 7 Eliz. 2: c. 42—cont.

Housing (Financial Provisions) Act 1958—cont.

. 46 mod.

. 46(1X6) am. (after 7. am. (before 8.

. 57 ext.

Sch. 3 para. 7(1) proviso rep. in pt.

7.12.1965) i

3.12.1965) J

c. 45 c. 47

c. 51 c. 55

Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act 1958. Agricultural Marketing Act 1958.

Public Records Act 1958 Local Government Act 1958.

c. 56

c. 65

Finance Act 1958

Children Act 1958

para. 7(1) proviso am.

Sch. 4 para. 4 am.

. 24 rep

Ss. 20(1), 36 expld. ... . 50 rep.

. 53(2) proviso rep. in pt.

Sch. 1 excl

. 38(6) rep

. 46 expld. (schemes) ...

am.

. 46(1) ext

. 46(1 )(a) subst., (e), (ea) added, (ft) subst.

. 60(2) Transfer of functions.

. 15 rep.

. 28(1X8X10) am. ...

Sch. 6 Pt. I Table II rep. in pt.

. 1 rep. (.) (prosp.) ...

23, ss. 30, 44(5), 110, sch. 13.

23, s. 117(2), sch. 15.

23, s. 115(5).

13, ss. 3(10), 24 (2), schs. 4, 6 Pt. H.

13, s. 6.

23, s. 117(2), sch. 15.

32, s. 18(2), sch. 4.

34, s. 45(6).

32, s. 18(2), sch. 4.

34, ss. 49, 52, sch. 8.

73, s. 144(9).

73, ss. 31(2), 165 [c), sch. 18 Pt.

46,s.78(l), sch. 3

Pt. n.

46, s. 67(1).

46, ss. 45(8), 65 (5).

46, s. 78(1), sch. 3 Pt. I.

.I. No. 1656.

3, ss. 96(3), 97(1), sch. 11.

44, s. 35(1), sch.

14 para. 1.

3, ss. 96(3), 97(1), sch. 11.

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

. 1A added (.) (prosp.) . 2(1) am. (.) (prosp.)... . 2(3X6) am. (prosp.) ...

. 2(3X/) added (.)

(prosp.).

. 2(4) am. (prosp.)

rep. in pt. (prosp.).

49, s. 19, sch. 1 para. 1.

49, s. 19, sch. 1 para. 2(1).

49, ss. 95(1), 97 (1), sch. 8 para. 44(1)

49, s. 19, sch. 1 para. 2(2).

49, ss. 95(1), 97 (1), sch. 8 para. 44(2).

49, ss. 95(2), 97 (1), sch. 9 Pt.

n.

. 2(6), (7) rep. (.) (prosp.).

49, ss. 19, 95(2), sch. 1 para. 2 (3), sch. 9 Pt. I.

Cfcvi

Effect of Legislation

6

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

& 7 Eliz. 2: c. 65—cont.

Children Act 1958—cont.

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

6(6X<0(e) am. (prosp

49, ss. 95(1), 97 (1), sell. 8 para. 45.

c. 66

Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1958.

. 7(4) am. {prosp.)

. 9 am. (.) (prosp.) ...

. 17 definitions of "place of safety " am. (prosp.), " residential establishment ", " supervision requirement " added (prosp.).

. 17 definition of "fit person order" rep. in pt. (prosp.).

Appl. (E.) (prosp.)

Appl. (mod.) (E.)

. 3 excl. (E.)

Sch. 1 para. 19 am.

49, s. 95(1), sch. 8 para 46.

49, s. 19, sch. 1 para 3.

49, s. 95(1), sch. 8 para. 47.

49, ss. 95(2), 97 (1), sch. 9 Pt. II.

72, ss. 8(1), 63(5). 72, s. 26(1).

23, s. 69(2), sch.

10 para. 3(3). 23, s. 117(2), sch. 15.

c. 71

C.A.M. No. 1

Agriculture Act 1958 ... Church Funds Investment Measure 1958.

para. 21(6) am.

(prosp.).

Pt. II appl. (prosp.)

. 6(3) restr

Sch. appl. (prosp.)

73, s. 94(7), sch.

10 Pt. II.

49, s. 89.

34, s. 18.

C.A.M. No. 1, s. 45(6).

7 & 8 Eliz. 2: c. 1 ...

c. 5 ...

Armed Forces (Housing Loans) Act 1958.

Adoption Act 1958

. 2 am.

.2(2Xo)rep

Ext. (mod.) (overseas and convention adoption) (prosp.).

Pt. I (ss. 1-77) Power to ext. (prosp.).

. 1(4) ext. (prosp.)

Ss. 4-6 excl. (prosp.) ...

. 4(3X6) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 4(3)(</) added (prosp.)

. 11(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

Ss. 14(2), 15(1H4) ext.

(prosp.).

. 15(4) am. (prosp.) ...

. 15(3) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

Ss. 17(3), 19(1) ext.

(prosp.).

. 19(1) saved (prosp.) ...

. 21 mod. (convention orders) (prosp.).

. 23 ext. (mod.) (prosp.)

13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

53, ss. 2, 4, 8.

53, s. 12(1).

53, s. 10(3).

53, s. 2(4).

49, ss. 95, 97(1), sch. 8 para. 37, sch. 9 Pt. I.

49, ss. 95(1), 97 (1), sch. 8 para. 37.

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

53, s. 4(2).

49, s. 95(1), sch. 8 para. 38.

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

53, s. 4(2).

53, ss. 9(5), 13, 14(3).

53, s. 8.

53, s. 8(5X*)-

Effect of Legislation

cxvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

7 & 8 Eliz. 2: c. 5—cont. Adoption Act 1958—cont. . 25 ext. {prosp.) . 27 expld. (.) . 30(1) am. (E.) (.) ... . 36(2X«) am. (prosp.)... 53, s. 4(2).

22, s. 6(3). .I. No. 170,248. 49, s. 95(1), sch. 8

C.6 National Debt Act 1958 . 37(3) rep. in pt. (.) {prosp.). . 43(3) am. {prosp.) ... . 57 definition of "place of safety " am. {prosp.) Sch. 1 mod. {prosp.) ... Sch. 2 ext. (mod.)(prosp.) Sch. 5 para. 7 expld. (.) . 7(1) rep para. 39. 49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. 1. 49, ss. 95(1), 97 (1), sch. 8 para. 40. 49, ss. 95(1), 97 (1), sch. 8 para. 41. 53, s. 8(2). 53, s. 8(5X6). 22, s. 6(3). 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

c. 11 European Monetary . 7(3) am . 7(4), (5) rep . 9 rep. (saving) Ss. 10(2), 12(lXa), 14(1) am. . 14(2) rep . 15 definition of "Government stock" am. . 21(1), (2) am. Pt. I. 13, s. 13(6), sch.5. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 13, ss. 14(10), 24 (2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 13, s. 13(6), sch.5. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 13, s. 16(1), (2). 13, s. 2, sch. 2.

Agreement Act 1959. . 2(3) rep., (4) rep. in pt. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

c. 17 International Bank and . 2(4) am . 1 rep. in pt Pt. I. 13, s. 2, sch. 2. 13, ss. 10(6), 24

Monetary Fund Act 1959. . 1(6) am (2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 13, s. 10(1).

c. 19 ... Emergency Laws (Repeal) . 3 cont. until 31.12.1969 76, s. 1(1), sch.

Act 1959. . 3(1) rep. in pt., (2), (3) 32, s. 18(2), sch.4.

c. 22 County Courts Act 1959 rep. . 4(1) am. and rep. in pt. 5, s. 1(1 )(5), sch.

c. 23 Overseas Resources . 11 rep. Ss. 56, 57, 60, 61, 70(6) ext. (hovercraft). . 94(1X6) subst. . 102 saved {prosp.) ... . 102(2) excl. (prosp.) ... . 109(2) am . 109(4) rep. in pt. am . 137 excl . 147(2) am Ss. 18(1), (3) rep., 19(1) 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. II. 59, s. 2(1). 23, s. 117(2), sch. 15. 64, s. 8(6). 64, s. 8(6). 71, s. 19(9). 23, s. 117(5), sch. 17. 23, s. 117(2), sch. 15. 23,s.lll(2). 23, s. 117(2), sch. 15. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Development Act 1959. rep. in pt. . 19(2)(3) rep ^Ic Pt.I.

13, ss. 10(6), 24 (2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

cxviii Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

7 & 8 Eliz. 2:

—cont.

c.25 Highways Act 1959 ... Ss. 27, 28 am. ... "I . 29 saved ... 41, s. 31, sch. 3 Pt. I.

. 32 am. ... J

. 38(2) am. (prosp.) ... 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 9.

. 58(2) exd 73, s. 119(1).

Ss. 110, 111 am. i . 112(3) saved ... 1 41, s. 31, sch. 3

. 112(5) am. ... f . 112(7) saved ... J Pt. I.

. 117(2Xe) ext. . 119excl 41, s. 27(6). 41, s. 29(6).

am 41, s. 29.

. 126 am 41, s. 31, sch. 3

Pt. I.

. 192(3) am 73, s. 156(2), sch.

16 para. 7.

. 198(2) rep. in pt. 13, s. 24(2), sch.

6 Pt. n.

am 13, s. 6.

. 214(3) exd. in pt. ... 73, s. 140(1).

. 215(2) ext 73, s. 140(2).

. 215(2Xc) ext. . 215(3) exd 73, s. 139(1). 73, s. 140(2).

Ss. 229(3), 230(2) exd.... 73, s. 119(1).

. 286 ext 41, s. 31, sch. 3

Pt. I.

. 295(5) am 73, s. 156(2), sch.

16 para. 7.

Sch. 7 paras. 1(1), 2,3(1), 41, s. 31, sch. 3

4 am. Pt. I.

Sch. 11 paras. 15,16,18- 73, s. 121(6).

20 appl. (mod.).

c. 28 Income Tax (Repayment . 1(6) rep. (E.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

of Post-War Credits) Pt. I.

Act 1959. . 4(2) rep 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

c. 33 House Purchase and . 2(5), (6) rep. in pt. ... 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Housing Act 1959. Pt. I.

am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 3 rep. in pt. (.) 31, s. 70, sch. 10.

. 7 mod. 23, s. 110.

. 12(1), (2), (5) am. ... 23, s. 117(2), sch.

15.

Ss. 19, 20 rep 31, s. 70, sch. 10.

. 21 exd 31, s. 42(9).

Ss. 22-24, rep., 25 rep. in 31, s. 70, sch. 10.

pt. . 27 rep 23, s. 117(5), sch.

17.

. 29(1) definition of 23, s. 117(2), sch.

" controlled tenancy " 15.

am.

" improvement 31, s. 70, sch. 10.

grant", (2), 31(1), 32 (4) rep. in pt., sch. 1

Pt. II rep.

c. 48 Cotton Industry Act . 4(2) rep 32, s. 18(2),sch. 4.

1959. i

Effect of Legislation

cxix

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

7 & 8 Eliz. 2:

—cont.

c. 51 Licensing (Scotland) Act Sch. 2 am. (prosp.) 65, s. 53(1X*),

1959. sch. 11 pt.m.

c. 53 Town and Country Plan- . 26(1) excl 72, s. 39(1).

ning Act 1959. . 26(5X6) rep. and super- 72, ss. 39(2), 108, sch. 11.

. 29 appl. (mod.) 41, s. 6(7).

c. 58 Finance Act 1959 . 1(7) rep. in pt. 44, s. 61(10), sch.

20 Pt. I.

. 21(2) rep., (4) rep. in 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1),

pt., sch. 4 paras. 1-4, 5(d), 6-8, sch. 5 para. sch. 11.

3(3) rep. . 35(1) mod 44, s. 36(6).

c. 62 New Towns Act 1959 ... Rep. (exc. s. 14(1) in pt.. 16, s. 48(3), sch.

sch. 1 para. 1(10)) (.). 11.

. 4(5) rep. in pt., (6) rep. 23, s. 117(5), sch.

17.

c. 64 Landlord and Tenant Rep. (E.) 23, s. 117(5), sch.

(Furniture and Fittings) Act 1959. 17.

c. 69 Wages Councils Act 1959 . 11(4) excl. (temp). ... 42, s. 5, sch. 2

para. 1.

. 19(3) am. (E.) 64, s. 17(3), sch.

. 21 rep. (prosp.) 73, ss. 94(8), 165

(d), sch. 18 Pt. IV.

c. 70 Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act . 38 ext 73, s. 139(1).

c. 71 Colonial Development . 2(1) restr 56, s. 2(2), sch.

and Welfare Act 1959. para. 12.

. 3(1) rep. in pt., (2), (4) 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

.?l)rep Pt. I. 13, s. 10(6).

c. 72 Mental Health Act 1959 Ss. 6, 7 rep 46, s. 78(2), sch. 4.

. 7 superseded 46, s. 12(7).

Ss. 8(1), (2), (4), 9(1) am. 46, s. 78(1), sch. 3

Pt. I.

. 10OX«Xii) rep* (prosp.) 49, ss. 95(2), 97

(1), sch. 9 Pt. n.

. 10(lXaXiv) added 49, ss. 95(1), 97

(prosp.). (1), sch. 8 para. 48.

. 12(1) am 46, s. 78(1), sch. 3

Pt. I.

Pt. IV (ss. 25-59) ext. ... 19, s. 6(2), sch. 1

para. 3.

expld. 46, s. 68(1X6).

. 47(2Xc) mod 46, s. 68(1X<0.

. 50 am. (prosp.) 49, ss. 95(1), 97

(1), sch. 8 para. 49.

. 50(6) rep. (prosp.) ... 49, ss. 95(2), 97

(1), sch. 9 Pt. 11.

. 56(3) ext 46, s. 68(2).

Pt. V (ss. 60-80) appl. ... 19, s. 37(4).

ext. ... 19, s. 16(3), sch. 3

para. 2.

cxx

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

7 & 8 Eliz. 2: c. 72—cont.

Mental Health Act 1959 —cont.

Ss. 60, 65 ext

. 71 mod. (Cts. Martial Appeals).

. 71(3) am

. 72 expld

. 73 ext

. 73(2)(a) am

19, s. 6(2), sch. 1 para. 2.

20, ss. 23-25, 43 (3X4).

20, s. 58, sch. 4. 19, s. 14(5).

19, s. 16(3), sch. 3 para. 1.

19, s. 52(1), sch. 5.

Ss. 74, 76 ext

. 153(3), sch. 6 para. 1 rep., sch. 7 rep. in pt.

19, s. 16(3), sch. 3 para. 1.

46, s. 78(2), sch. 4.

8 & 9 Eliz. 2: c. 7 ...

c. 15 . c. 16 .

Sea Fish Industry Act 1959.

. 1 rep

. 9 rep. (prosp.)

Water Officers Compensation Act 1960.

Road Traffic Act 1960...

. 1(1H5) ext. (mod.)...

Ext

Ss. 9-11 ext

. 12(1) (public highway) ext. (mod.).

. 13 ext

Ss. 14, 15 am. {prosp.)

. 73 rep. (prosp.)

Pt. ID (ss. 117-163) excl.

. 117(3) am

. 123(2) am. (prosp.) ...

. 123(3) am. (prosp.) ...

. 127(7) am

. 134(1) am

. 135(2) mod

Ss. 135(7), 136a) ext.

(mod.).

. 143(2X3) ext.

. 152 am

. 152(4) subst

. 153(1) ext

. 153(3) restr

. 153(4) am. (

. 153(4X5) ext.

. 154(1) rep. ...

Ss. 156, 159 ext. (mod.) . 164 rep. (prosp.)

Ss. 165-182 rep. (prosp.)

. 183(1) am. (prosp.)

I . 184 ext. (prosp.)

77, s. 22(2), sch. 2 Pt. I.

77, s. 22(2), sch. 2

Pt. n.

73, s. 17(3).

61, s. 1.

41, s. 30(6).

41, s. 30(7).

41, s. 30(6).

73, s. 131(6).

73, s. 165(c), sch.

18 Pt. in.

73, s. 19(3).

73, s. 145(1).

73, ss. 94(7X8), 145(2), sch. 10. 73, s. 94(7X8), sch. 10.

73, s. 35(1).

73, s. 30(1).

73, s. 21(1).

73, s. 30(8).

73, s. 21(1).

73, s. 35(3).

73, s. 35(3Xc).

73, s. 30(7).

73, s. 30(7).

73, s. 130(6Xc).

73, s. 30(7).

73, ss. 145(3), 165 (c), sch. 18 Pt. UI.

73, s. 30(8).

73, ss. 93, 94(8), 165(<0, sch. 18 Pt. IV.

73, ss. 94(8), 165 (<0, sch. 18 Pt. IV.

73, s. 94(7X8), sch. 10.

73, s. 69(4 X

Effect of Legislation

cxxi

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

8 & 9 Eliz. 2: c. 16—cont.

Road Traffic Act 1960— cont.

. 185(4) am.

. 186 rep. (prosp.) . 188(1) rep. ...

Ss. 188(2) rep. (prosp.), 189(2X3), 190(1), rep. in pt. (prosp.), (2) rep. (prosp.), 191(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.), definition of "statutory attendant ", (2) rep. (prosp.).

. 191(1) definition of "goods vehicle " am. (prosp.).

Ss. 212(1) proviso, 213 (lXfl) am. (E.) (.).

Ss. 212,213 Power to am.

. 217 rep. (E.)

am. (.)

Ss. 223, 225(1), (4), 226 am. (prosp.).

| . 227(1)(2) rep. (prosp.)

. 229 am. (prosp.)

. 232(1) am. (prosp.) ...

. 232(1)(6) am. (prosp.)

. 233 ext. (mod.)

. 233(1) am. (prosp.) ...

. 234 rep. in pt. (prosp.)

. 235 ext. (mod.)

. 235(1) am. (prosp.) ...

. 237(1)(2) rep. in pt.

(prosp.).

. 237(2) rep. in pt.

(prosp.).

. 242 am. (prosp.)

Ss. 244, 247 am. (prosp.)

Ss. 247-249 am. (prosp.)

.249(1X</) Power to am. am.

. 250(3) rep. in pt.

(prosp.).

. 254(1) rep. in pt.

(prosp.).

. 255 am .(prosp.)

73, s. 94(8), sch.

10 Pt. II.

73, s. 165(c), sch.

18 Pt. HI.

73, ss. 145(3), 165 (c), sch. 18 Pt.

III.

73, ss. 94(8), 165 (d), sch. 18 Pt.

IV.

73, s. 94(8), sch. 10 Pt. II.

5.1. Nos. 1970, 1994.

14, s. 5(1), sch. 3. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

27, ss. 17, 18, sch. 2 paras. 17,19.

73, s. 131(6).

73, s. 165(c), sch.

18 Pt. III.

73, s. 131(6).

73, ss. 94(8), 103 (8), sch. 10 Pt. II, sch. 11.

73, s. 94(7), sch.

10 Pt. I.

73, s. 30(8).

73, s. 94(7), sch.

10 Pt. I.

73, s. 165(c), sch.

18 Pt. HI.

73, s. 30(8).

73, s. 94(7), sch.

10 Pt. I.

73, s. 165(c), sch.

is Pt. in.

73, ss. 94(8), 165 (d), sch. 18 Pt. IV.

73, s. 131(6).

73, s. 103(8), sch.

11.

73, s. 94(7), sch.

10 Pt. I.

14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

5.1. No. 656.

73, s. 165(c), sch.

18 Pt. III.

73, ss. 94(8), 165 (d), sch. 18 Pt. IV.

73, ss. 94(7), 103 (8), 145(4), sch. 10 Pt. I, sch. 11.

CXX11

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

8 & 9 Eliz. 2:

c. 16—cont. Road Traffic Act 1960— . 259(1) am. ... 73, s. 103(8), sch.

cont. . 259(3) rep. .) ... 11. 73, ss. 94(8), 165

(d), sch. 18 Pt. IV.

. 263 ext . 263(1) am. (prosp.) ... . 265(2) am. (prosp.) ... 73, s. 30(8). 73, s. 94(7X8), sch. 10. 73, s. 94(8), sch.

10 Pt H.

. 269 am. (prosp.) 73, s. 94(7), sch. 10 PL I.

Schs. 13, 14 rep. (prosp.) 73, ss. 94(8), 165

(d), sch. 18 Pt. IV.

Sch. 14 paras. 1 rep. in pt., 73, s. 103(8), sch.

1A added (prosp.). 11.

Sch. 19 para. 4(2) rep. in 73, ss. 94(8), 165

pt. (prosp.). (d), sch. 18 Pt. TV.

c. 18 Local Employment Act . 3(1) am 14, s. 6.

1960. . 24 rep. 32, s. 18(2),sch. 4.

c. 19 European Free Trade . 8 rep 32, s. 18(2), sch.

Association Act 1960. 4.

c. 26 ... ... Iron and Steel (Financial Rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Provisions) Act 1960. Pt. I.

c. 31 ... Highlands and Islands . 1 am. 73, s. 151.

Shipping Services Act 1960.

c. 34 Radioactive Substances Sch. 1 Pt. II paras. 10 rep. 47, s. 60(2), sch.

Act 1960. (prosp.), 11, 13 rep. in 2.

pt. (prosp.). Sch. 1 Pt. II para. 17 47, s. 60(1), sch. 1

added (prosp.). para. 4.

c. 35 International Develop- . 2(1), (2) rep., (3) rep. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

ment Association Act in pt. Pt. I.

1960. . 2(3) am 13, s. 10(2Xc).

mod 13, s. 10(2)(6).

ext 57, s. 1(4).

. 2(4) rep 57, s. 1(3).

c. 38 Civil Aviation (Licensing) . 2(7X6) restr 8, s. 4(3), sch. 2

Act 1960. para. 11.

c. 44 Finance Act 1960 . 30 rep. 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1),

sch. 11.

. 32 restr 44, s. 18(4).

. 33(3) am 44, s. 18(3), sch.

. 33(4X5) ext 10 para. 6. 44, s. 18(3), sch.

10 para. 7.

. 37 excl 44, s. 16, sch. 9

para. 18(5).

. 40(lXc) rep. and super- 44, ss. 17(8), 61

seded. (10), sch. 20 Pt.IV.

. 43(5) appl. (mod.) ... 44, s. 18(3), sch.

10 para. 4(3). 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

. 55 rep. (E.)

pt. m.

. 64(1) superseded rep 44, s. 35(3). 44, s. 61(10), sch.

I 20 Pt. IV.

Effect of Legislation

cxxiii

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

8 & 9 Eliz. 2:

c. 44—cont. Finance Act 1960—cont. . 64(3X6) am 44, s. 35(3).

. 64(5) mod . 65(1) am 44, s. 36(6). 44, s. 35(5), sch.

14 para. 4(1).

. 72 ext 3, s. 98(2), sch. 12

para. 4.

. 72(8) am 3, s. 98(2), sch. 12

para. 4(4).

. 77 am. 44, s. 54, sch. 18.

Sch. 6 am 44, ss. 16(2), sch.

9 para. 20(6).

appl. (mod.) 44, ss. 43(11),

(special charge) 50(4).

c. 48 Matrimonial Proceedings . 2(1X6), (c) rep. in pt., 36, s. 1, sch.

(Magistrates* Courts) (A) am. 36, s. 3(4).

Act 1960. . 15 rep.

c. 57 Films Act 1960 . 49 rep. 32, s. 18(2), sch. C.A.M. No. 1,

c. 58 ... ... Charities Act 1960 . 2 appl. (mod.)

s. 90(3).

. 18 saved (prosp.) CA.M. No. 1,

ext. (prosp.) s. 63(2). C.A.M. No. 1,

s. 63(2), sch. 3 para. 11(5).

ext. (mod.) (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1,

s. 41, sch. 3 para. 16(1X*).

. 18(1) ext. (prosp.) ... CA.M. No. 1,

s. 55(1). CA.M. No. 1,

. 45(2X6) exd. (prosp.)

s. 55(1).

Sch. 6 rep. in pt. 23, s. 117(5), sch.

17.

c.61 Mental Health (Scotland) Am. (Local health autho- 49, ss. 1(4X6),

Act 1960. rity) (prosp.). 95(1), 97(1), sch. 8 para. 50.

. 7(1X2) am. (prosp.), 49, s. 95(1), sch.

(lXe) rep. (prosp.). 8 para. 51.

Ss. 8, 9 rep. (prosp.), 10 49, s. 95(2), sch. 9

OXa) rep. in pt. (prosp.). Pt. I.

. HXlXaXiv) added 49, ss. 95(1), 97

(prosp.). (1), sch. 8 para. 52. 49,s.95(2), sch. 9

Ss. 12(2), 19-21 rep.

(prosp.). . 30(2) am. (prosp.) ... Pt. I. 49, s. 95(1), sch. 8

para. 53.

. 34(2) proviso (i) rep. 46, s. 75.

. 46(a) rep. (prosp.) ... 49,s.95(2), sch. 9

Pt. I.

. 46 am. (prosp.), para. 49, s. 95(1), sch. 8

(c) replaced (prosp.). Ss. 55(10) rep. in pt. para. 54. 49, s. 95(2), sch. 9

(prosp.), 56 rep. (prosp.). Pt.I.

. 57(3X6) am. 49,s.95(l), sch. 8

para. 55.

rep. in pt. 49, s. 95(2), sch. 9

(prosp.). Pt. I.

. 57(5) rep. (prosp.) 49,s.95(2), sch. 9

Pt. I.

. 59(1) am. (prosp.) ... 49,s.95(l), sch. 8

para. 56.

CXX1V

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

8 & 9 Eliz. 2: c. 61—cont.

Mental Health (Scotland) . 64 mod. (Cts. Martial Act 1960—cont. Appeals).

. 64(2) am

. 66(7Xfl) subst. {prosp.)

Ss. 69(1X6), 71,72(1) definitions of "approved school ", " remand home" rep. {prosp.),

" place of safety " rep. in pt. {prosp.).

. 72(1) definitions of " guardian " subst. {prosp.), " place of safety" am. {prosp.), "residential establishment " added {prosp.). . 111(1) definitions of "local authority" added {prosp.).

" residential home for persons suffering from mental disorder " rep. {prosp.).

Sch. 4 rep. in pt.

c. 62

c. 65

Caravan Sites and Control of Development Act 1960. Administration of Justice Act 1960.

. 12(1) restr. (E.)

. 24 am. {prosp.) (E.) ... . 29 expla. (E.) {prosp.) . 1(1X6) rep. (E.) ...

rep. (N.I.) ...

. 1(6) added (N.I.) ...

. 2(2) rep.

. 3(2) rep. (E.)...

rep. (N.I.)

. 4(1) rep. (E.)...

rep. (N.I.)

. 7rep.(E.) ...

rep. (N.I.) ...

. 8rep.(E.) ...

Ss. 8,9(1X4) rep. (N.I.) . 9(4) rep. (E.)...

. 10 rep.

. 13(6) am. (E.)

added (N.I.) ...

c. 66

Professions Supplementary to Medicine Act 1960.

. 18(1) rep. ...

. 20(2) rep. in pt.

Sch. 1 rep.

Sch. 2 Pts. I para. 4 rep.' II rep. in pt.

Sch. 3 rep. in pt.

Sch. 1 para. 1(1X6) am.

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

20, ss. 23-25, 43 (3X4).

20, s. 58, sch. 4. 49, s.95(l), sch. 8 para. 57. 49,s.95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

49, s. 95(1), sch. 8 para. 58.

49, s. 95(1), sch. 8 para. 59.

49,s.95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

46, s. 78(2), sch.

4.

52, s. 5(4).

52, ss. 6, 7.

52, ss. 13, 16.

19, s. 54, sch. 7. 21, s. 54, sch. 5. 21, s. 53(1), sch.

19, ss. 54, 55(3), sch. 7.

19, s. 54, sch. 7. 21, s. 54, sch. 5. 19, s. 54, sch. 7. 21, s. 54, sch. 5. 19, s. 54, sch. 7. 21, s. 54, sch. 5. 19, s. 54, sch. 7. 21, s. 54, sch. 5.

19, s. 54, sch. 7.

20, s. 60, sch. 6.

19, s. 52(1), sch.

5.

21, s. 53(1), sch.

21, s. 54, sch. 5.

20, s. 60, sch. 6.

21, s. 54, sch. 5.

19, s. 54, sch. 7.

20, s. 60, sch. 6.

21, s. 54, sch. 5. .I. No. 1699.

Effect of Legislation

cxxv

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

8 & 9 Eliz. 2:

—cont.

c. 68 Noise Abatement Act Power to excl 59, s. 1(1)0).

1960.

9 A 10 Eliz. 2:

c. 3 Administration of Justice . 1(2), sch. 2 Pt. I rep. in 5, s. 1(5) sch.

(Judges and Pensions) Act 1960. pt.

c. 6 Ministers of the Crown Sch. 1 rep. in pt. .I. Nos. 729,

1 (Parliamentary Secretaries) Act 1960. 1699.

c. 8 Electricity (Amendment) . 1(4) rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Act 1961. Pt. I.

c. 11 Diplomatic Immunities (Conferences with 8, s. 4(3), sch. 2

. 1(5) am para. 3.

Commonwealth Coun- 56, s. 2(2), sch.

tries and Republic of Ireland) Act 1961. para. 3.

c. 15 Post Office Act 1961 ... . 9(1), (2) am . 9(3) rep 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 9(4) am rep. in pt. 13, s. 2. sch. 1. 13, s. 24 (2) sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 13(2) am . 13(4)(5) rep 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I. 13, s. 13(6), sch. 5. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

. 14(1) am Ss. 14(3), 19(1) rep. ...

Pt. I.

Sch. rep. in pt. (.)... 72, s. 108 sch. 11.

c. 27 Carriage by Air Act 1961 Power to apply 59, s. 1(1X0.

c. 33 Land Compensation Act Excl 72, s. 53(4).

1961. Expld. (prosp.) 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 7.

Pt. I (ss. 1-3) mod. ... 34,s.l3(3), sch. 3

para. 5.

. 2 appl. (prosp.) 72,s. 30(2), sch. 3 para. 13.

. 9 rep. in pt. (prosp.)... 72, s. 108 sch. 11.

. 32 mod 34,s.l3(3), sch. 3

para. 5.

. 39(1) rep. in pt. (prosp.) 72,s. 108, sch. 11.

c. 34 Factories Act 1961 . 1460X0am. (E.) ... . 178(1) Power to am. 64, s. 17(3), sch. 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

am. (.) (E.)... SJ. Nos. 1177,

1242.

c. 36 Finance Act 1961 . 9 cont. 44, s. 10(1).

excl. (temp.) 74, s. 1(9).

. 9(3 Xb)subst . 35 ext . 35(2) am 44, s. 10(2). 13, s. 12(5Xfl). 13, s. 13(6), sch. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

. 35(3), (4), rep.

Pt. I.

. 35(5) am 13, s. 13(6), sch. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Ss. 35(6X7), 36 rep. ...

Pt. I.

cxxvi

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

9 & 10 Eliz. 2:

—cont.

c. 43 Public Authorities Ss. 4-6 rep 46, s. 78(2), sch.

(Allowances) Act 1961. 4.

. 7 rep. (prosp.) 69, ss. 6(3), 8a), sch. 5 Pt. n.

c. 48 Land Drainage Act 1961 Pt. I (ss. 1-16) am. 34, s. 27(1), sch. 6

para. 2.

expld. ... Ss. 1(2), (3), 2 rep. ... 34, s. 25(1). 34, ss. 27(1), 52,

sch. 6 para. 1, sch. 8.

. 3(1) am. 34,s.27(l), sch. 6

para. 3.

. 4(2) rep 34, ss. 27(1), 52,

sch. 6 para. 1, sch. 8.

. 4(3) am 34, s.27(l), sch. 6

. 4(4) rep para. 4. 34, ss. 27(1), 52, sch. 6 para. 1, sch. 8.

. 5(2) am . 6(2) rep. in pt. 34, s. 27(2). 34, ss. 27(3), 52,

sch. 8.

Ss. 7, 8(lX<m (2) rep. 34, ss. 27(1), 52,

sch. 6 para. 1, sch. 8.

. 8(3) rep. in pt. 34, ss. 27(1X4),

52, sch. 6 para. 1, sch. 8.

. 9(1) am Ss. 9(4) rep., 10(3) rep. in 34, s. 27(5). 34, ss. 27(1), 52,

pt. sch. 6 para. 1, sch. 8.

. 13 am. 34, s. 27(1), sch. 6

para. 3.

. 14 rep 34, ss. 27(1), 52,

sch. 6 para. 1, sch. 8.

. 16 am. 34, s. 27(1), sch. 6

para. 3.

" chargeable here- 34, s. 27(1), sch. 6

ditament " subst. para. 5.

. 22(3) rep Ss. 22(4H6), 23 mod. ... 34, s. 52, sch. 8. 34, s. 31(1).

. 35 expld. (expense) ... Ss. 51, 52(4) expld. ... 34, s. 37(4). 34, s. 29(3).

c. 49 ... Covent Garden Market . 40(1), (4) am. 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

Act 1961.

. 40(5) rep., (6) rep. in 13, s.24(2), sch. 6

pt. Pt. I.

. 40(6) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

c. 52 ... ... Army and Air Force Act . 21 rep 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2

1961. Sch. 2 rep. in pt. Pt. II. 20, s. 60, sch. 6. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

c. 53 North Atlantic Ship- Rep

ping Act 1961. Pt. I.

c. 56 Finance Act 1961 Ss. 23-27 rep 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1),

sch. 11.

c. 58 Crofters (Scotland) Act . 6 reprinted as am. ... 70, s. 8, sch. 2

1961. I Pt. II.

Effect of Legislation

cxxvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Biz. 2:

c. 58—cont. Crofters (Scotland) Act 1961—cont. . 6(1) am . 6(3) am . 6(4) am 70, s. 8, sch. 2 Pt. I para. 19. 70, s. 8, sch. 2 Pt. I para. 20. 70, s. 8, sch. 2 Pt. I para. 21.

c. 62 Trustee Investments Act 1961. Sch. 1 Pt. I am. Pt. II appl. (mod.) Pt. IV paras. 1-3 excl. Pt. IV para. 4 rep. in pt. .I. No. 470. 6, s. 3(1), (2). 25, s. 1(2). 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

c. 64 Public Health Act 1961 . 38(1) am. expld Sch. 4 am 46, ss. 53, 54. 46, s. 55. 72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 10.

c. 65 Housing Act 1961 . 7(2)(o) am rep. inpt. . 7(5), (6) rep. in pt. ... am . 29 rep. 13, s. 6. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. n. 13, s. 24(2), sch. Pt.I. 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 23, s. 117(5), sch. 17.

10 & 11 Eliz.2:

c. 8 • Civil Aviation (Eurocon- . 2(2) am 48, s. 12(1).

trol) Act 1962. . 4 am. . 7(2) ext am 61, s. 15(1H3). 61, s. 15(4). 61, s. 15(5).

c. 9 Local Government (Financial Provisions etc.) (Scotland) Act 1962. Sch. 1 am .I. No. 198.

c. 13 Vehicles (Excise) Act 1962 . 2 (lXc) am . 7 saved . 8(3) subst . 12(1X2) am . 12(5) am . 12(10) am Sch. 1 Ft. II subst. Sch. 2 mod Sch. 3 Pt. H subst. ... Sch. 4 mod expld Pt. II subst. Sch. 5 appl Pt. n subst. .I. No. 439. 73, s. 147. 73, s. 147. 44, s. 9. 44, s. 8(2). 44 c q 44! $. 8(1), sch. 7 Pt. I. 44, s. 8(3). 44, s. 8(1), sch. 7 Pt.H. 44, s. 8(3). 44, s. 8(4). 44, s. 8(1), sch. 7 pt.m. 44, s. 8(3). 44, s. 8(1), sch. 7 pt.rv.

c. 14 Telegraph Act 1962 . l(2Xu)excl 10(1X2) rep. in pt.. 18, s. 9.

c. 15 Criminal Justice Admin- Ss. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

istration Act 1962. (prosp.) 11(2) rep. (prosp.). . 17(2) ext . 18(1) am . 18(5A) added (London) (prosp.). Sch. 3 paras. 4-6, 8 rep. Pt. n. 19, s. 8(4), sch. 2 para. 2(4). 19, s. 52(1), sch.5. 69, s. 1, sch. 3 para. 4(3). 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. III.

Effect of Legislation

cxxviii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Eliz. 2:

—cont. c. 21.

Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1962.

c. 24 National Assistance Act

1948 (Amendment) Act 1962.

c. 28 Housing (Scotland) Act

1962.

c. 29 Agricultural and Forestry

Associations Act 1962.

c. 30 Northern Ireland Act

1962.

c. 31

Sea Fish Industry Act 1962.

Ext. (hovercraft)

Pt. I (ss. 1-5) cont. until 31.12.1969.

. 1(2X6) am

. 1(2A) added

. 2(1), (2) subst.

. 2(3) am

. 2(6) am

. 4A added

Power to am. ... . 14(2), (3) am.

. 16 am.

. 18(1), (2) am.

Sch. 1 cont. until

31.12.1969 Sch. 1 para. 1(2) am. ... Rep. (.) (prosp. in pt.) 1 . 1(1) rep. in pt. (E.) ) (prosp., in pt.). J Ss. 8, 11-13 rep.

. 14(2)-(5) excl.

Ss. 15 rep. 16 rep. in pt., 17, 18, 19(1) rep., 32(1) rep. in pt., sch. 4 paras. 4 rep., 6 rep. in pt., 32-34, 36 rep.

. 1 am

59, ss. 3, 4(3), sch. para. 1.

76, s. 1(1), sch.

9, s. 1.

9, s. 1.

9, s. 2(1).

9, s. 2(2).

9, s. 2(3).

9, s. 3.

9, s. 6(5).

9, s. 6(2).

.I. No. 1699.

9, s. 6(3).

76, s. 1(1), sch.

9, s. 4.

46, s. 78(2), sch.4.

31. s. 70, sch. 10. 31, s. 16(2).

31, s. 70, sch. 10.

34, s. 44.

. 6 rep

. 7(1) am

restr

. 29(1) definition of "the Court of Criminal Appeal ", rep., sch. 1 Pt. I rep. in pt.

. 1(4X6) rep

. 2 rep

. 3(3) rep. in pt.

. 3(4) am

. 3(6) rep

. 9(1), (3) am., (5) added

. 16 rep. (prosp.)

. 17(2) am. (prosp.) ...

. 18 rep. (prosp.)

Ss. 31, 33(3) rep., 35(5) rep. in pt.

21, s. 54, sch. 5. 21, ss. 49, 52(1) (b).

21, s. 49, (3).

21, s. 54, sch. 5.

77, ss. 1(2), 22(2), sch. 2 Pt. I.

77, ss. 1(1),22(2), sch. 2 Pt. I.

77, s. 22(1X2), sch. 1 para. 20, sch. 2 Pt. I.

77, s. 22(1), sch. 1 para. 21.

77, s. 22(2), sch. 2 Pt. I.

77, s. 22(1), sch. 1 para. 22

77, s. 22(2), sch. 2 Pt. II.

77, s. 22(1), sch. 1 para. 36.

77, s. 22(2) sch. 2 Pt. II.

77, s. 22(2), sch. 2 Pt. I.

Effect of Legislation

cxxix

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Eliz. 2:

c. 31—cont. Sea Fish Industry Act . 36(1) rep. ... 77,s.22(2), sch. 2

1962—cont. Pt.n.

Sch. 2 paras. 18(1), 21(3), 77, s. 22(2), sch. 2

c. 33 Health Visiting and Social (4). 22(1), 23 rep. . 3 ext (prosp.) Pt. I. 46, s. 45(9).

Work (Training) Act . 3 am. ... ... ... 46, s. 78(1), sch. 3

1962. Pt. I.

. 3(5) am. (E.XS.) (prosp.) 49, ss. 95(1), 97

(1), sch. 8 para. 60.

. 5 am 46, s. 78(1), sch. 3

Pt. I.

. 7(2) am .I. No. 1699.

c. 36 Local Authorities (Hist- . 1(1X6) rep. in pt ... 72, s. 108, sch. 11.

oric Buildings) Act 1962. Town and Country Plan- am 72, s. 58.

c. 38 Am. (refs, to s. 68) (prosp.) 72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 11. C.A.M. No.s.91. 72, s. 104(3). 41, s. 39, sch. 4 para. 3. 72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 12. 41, s. 25(6). 72, s. 108, sch. 11. 72, s. 64(1).

ning Act 1962.

Appl. (mod.) (prosp.) ... Ext . 2(2) ext . 3(1) expld . 3(6) appl Pt. II (ss. 4-11) rep. (prosp.). Pt. m (ss. 12-44) mod. (prosp.). ext. (prosp.). . 12(2Xa)excl . 13 mod

72, ss. 91-96. 72, s. 74. 72, s. 75. 72, s. 108, sch. 11. 72, s. 75(3Xa). 72, s. 75(4).

. 13(6) rep. in pt. . 13(6X8) am . 13(9) excl

. 13(10) rep 72, ss. 75(3X6),

108, sch. 11.

. 15(1X6) am. (prosp.)... 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 13.

. 16(1) am. (prosp.) ... 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 14.

. 16(5) am . 17(1) appl 72, s. 101, sch. 8. 72, s. 25.

mod 72, s. 41(4).

17(lXa), (2) am. 72, s. 106, sch. 9

.& (prosp.) ... para. 15. 72, s. 65(4).

. 18(1) appl 72, s. 25.

. 18(3) excl. (prosp.) ... 72, s. 67(5).

* . 19(2Xo) am. (retrosp.) 72, s. 77.

(prosp.). . 19(2X<z) am. (prosp.)... 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 16.

. 19(4) ext. (prosp.) ... am. (prosp.) ... 72, s. 16(7Xc). 72, ss. 17(6), 78,

sch. 2.

. 20 saved (prosp.) 72, s. 65(4).

4 R

cxxx

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

lO&llEliz. 2:

c. 38— Town and Country Plan- . 22 mod 72, ss. 62, 63.

ning Act 1962— am. . 22(5?excl. !" . 23 Power to mod. ... appl. (mod.) restr mod saved (prosp.) . 23(3) rep . 23(5) excl . 27 am. (prosp.) . 28 expld. (prosp.) . 29 am. (10.2.1969) ... . 29(5) rep. in pt. (10.2.1969). 72, s. 79. 52, s. 8(3). 72, s. 62(8). 72, s. 21(2). 72, s. 22(3).

72, s. 25. 72, ss. 62, 63. 72, s. 67(4). 72, s. 108,sch.ll. 72, ss. 21(6), 62 (8). 72, s. 80. 72, s. 67(2Xa). 72, s. 81(2).

72,s. 108, sch. 11.

Ss. 30, 31 rep 72, ss. 40(9), 108,

sch. 11.

. 32 am. 72, ss. 54, 60(1).

ext. 72, ss. 40, 41, 48,

49.

. 32(4) am 72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 17.

. 33 rep. 72, ss. 40(9), 108,

sch. 11.

. 34(4) rep. in pt. 72, ss. 106, 108,

sch. 9 para. 18, sch.11.

. 36 appl 73, s. 108(1).

Power to apply ... 73, s. 112(3Xd).

. 37(1) rep. in pt. 72, ss. 106, 108,

sch. 9.

. 38 appl 72, s. 25.

. 41 mod 72, ss. 62, 63.

expld. (prosp.) ... 72, s. 67(2X6).

Ss. 45, 46, 47(7) rep. 72, s. 108, sch. 11.

(prosp.). . 47(1X4X5) am. 72, s. 101, sch. 8.

. 49(1) am. (prosp.) ... 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 20.

. 49(2X3) ext 72, s. 46(3).

. 51(5) am 72, s. 101, sch. 8.

Ss. 52-55 rep 72, s. 108, sch. 11.

Ss. 56(2), 61(1) am. ... 72, s. 101, sch. 8.

. 62(2), (4) rep. 71, s. 108, sch. 11.

. 62(3) rep. (prosp.) ... 72, s. 108, sch.ll.

. 63(1) am. (prosp.) ... 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 22.

. 63(2) am 72, s. 101, sch. 8.

. 64 am. (prosp.) 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 22.

. 64(2) rep. (prosp.) (3) 72, s. 108, sch. 11.

rep. in pt. (prosp.). . 65 am. (prosp.) 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 23.

. 66 am. (prosp.) 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 24.

Ss. 67, 68 rep. and super- 72, ss. 27, 108,

seded (prosp.). sch. 11.

Ss. 67, 68 expld. 34, s. 13(2).

Effect of Legislation

cxxxi

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

10 & 11 Eliz. 2: c. 38.

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

Town and Country Planning Act 1962—cont.

. 69 rep. (prosp.) . 71 appld. (prosp.)

. 71(lXa) rep. in pt.

(prosp.).

. 71(1)(6) replaced ...

. 72 expld

. 73(1) rep. in pt.

(prosp.).

Ss. 74-76 rep, (prosp.) ...

. 78(2X6) subst. (prosp.)

. 78(7) am. (prosp.) ...

. 84(3) am

. 86(1) am. (prosp.) ...

. 86(4)(5) rep. (prosp.)

Pt. VI (ss. 88-117) excl.

(prosp.).

. 99(9) Power to am. ...

. 119 excl

. 125(1) mod

. 125(1) rep. in pt., (2) rep.

. 126(a) am

. 127(2) am. (prosp.)

. 128 ext

. 128(1) am. (prosp.)

rep. in pt.

(prosp.).

. 129 am

ext

. 132(1) mod. (prosp.).

Ss. 135, 136 ext

Ss. 138-151 ext. (prosp.)

. 138(1) am. (prosp.)

. 138(1X«X6) rep. (pros

. 138(3Xa) am. (prosp.)

. 138(5) replaced (prosp

. 139 ext

. 139(3) am. (prosp.) ...

. 139(3Xa) rep. in pt.

(prosp.).

. 139(4) am. (prosp) ...

. 140 ext. (prosp.)

. 140(1) am. (prosp.) ... ext. (mod.)

(prosp.).

. 140(2Xc) appl. (mod.)

Ss. 140(3) subst. (prosp.), 141(1) am. (prosp.).

72, s. 108,sch. 11.

72, s. 95(2).

72, s. 108, sch. 11.

72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 25.

34, s. 13(2).

72, ss. 106, 108, sch. 9.

72, s. 108, sch. 11.

72, s. 106, sch.9 para. 27.

72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 28.

23, s. 117(2), sch. 15.

72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 29.

72, s. 108, sch. 11.

72, s. 67(7).

14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

72, s. 71(3).

41, s. 26.

72, s. 108, sch. 11.

72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 30.

72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 31.

41, s. 25(5).

72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 32.

72, s. 108, sch. 11.

72, s. 51(4).

73, s. 139(1).

72, s. 32(3).

73, s. 139(1).

72, ss. 33-35, 38, sch. 4.

72, ss. 33, 38, sch. 4.

72, ss. 38, 108, schs. 4, 11.

72, s. 37(2).

72, s. 38, sch. 4.

73, s. 139(1).

72, ss. 33(3), 38, sch. 4.

72, ss. 38, 108, schs. 4,11.

72, s. 38, sch. 4.

72, s. 35.

72, s. 38, sch. 4.

72, s. 37(5Xa).

72, s. 35(6).

72, s. 38, sch. 4.

4 R 2

cxxxii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

10 & 11 Eliz. 2: c. 38—cont.

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

Town and Country Planning Act 1962—cont.

. 141(5) appL (mod.)

(prosp.).

. 142 mod. (prosp.)

. 142(1) (2X6), (3) am. (prosp.).

. 142(3) appL (mod.) (prosp.).

. 143 rep. (prosp.)

. 144(1) am. (prosp.) ...

. 145(3) rep. (prosp!) ...

. 145(4) rep. in pt (prosp.).

. 145(4X5) appl. (mod.) (prosp.).

. 145(6) rqp. (prosp.) ...

Ss. 146(1), 149 am. (prosp.)

. 149(1) am. (prosp.) ... . 149(1X6), (2X6) mod. (prosp.).

am. (prosp.)

. 149(3) am. (prosp.) ...

. 149(3X6) mod. (prosp.)

am. (prosp.)

. 150(5) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 153 am. (prosp.)

.153(2H5) appl. (mod.) (prosp.).

. 153(2X3X5) appl. (mod.) (prosp.).

. 153(3) am. (prosp.) ...

. 154 appl. (mod.) (prosp.).

am. (prosp.)

. 154(1X6), (3) am. (prosp.).

Ss. 156-158 appl (mod.) (prosp.).

. 159(1) ext

. 159(1) am. (prosp.)t (1 A) added (prosp.).

. 159(2) rep. (saving) ...

72, s. 35(6).

72, s. 36.

72, s. 38, sch. 4.

72, s. 35(6).

72, ss. 37(1), 108, sch. 11.

72, s. 38, sch. 4. 72, ss. 38, 108, schs. 4,11. 72,8.108, sch. 11.

72, s. 35(6).

72, ss. 38, 108.

schs. 4,11.

72, s. 38, sch. 4. 72, s. 37(3).

72, s. 37(5X6).

72, s. 37(4).

72, s. 37(3).

72, s. 37(5X6).

72, s. 37(4).

72, ss. 38, 108, schs. 4,11.

72, ss. 89, 90.

72, s. 91(3).

72, s. 92(7).

72, s. 97(1).

72, s.91(3), 92(7).

72, ss. 89, 90. 72,8.97(2).

72, ss. 91(3), 92 (7).

72, s. 70(1).

72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 33.

72, ss. 70(3), 108, sch. 11.

. 160(1) rep. (saving) ...

. 160(2) am.

Ss. 161(2), 162(2) rep.

(saving).

. 163(3) rep. in pt.

(prosp.).

. 163(3X6) rep. (saving)

. 163(4) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 164 am

. 165(3) rep. (saving) ...

. 1700X^X6) excL in pt

72, ss. 70(3), 108, sch. 11.

72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 34.

72, ss. 70(3), 108, sch. 11.

72,s. 108, sch. 11.

72, ss. 70(3), 108, sch. 11.

72, s. 108, sch. 11.

72, ss. 72, 73.

72, ss. 70(3), 108, sch. 11.

72, s. 71.

Effect of Legislation

cxxxiii

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Eliz. 2:

c. 38—cont. Town and Country Plan- . 171(2H4) app. (mod.) 72, s. 73(7X8).

ning Act 1962— . 176 ext (prosp.) am. (prosp.) . 176(2X</) rep. (prosp.), (3X«) rep. in pt (prosp.). . 177(1M3) replaced 72, s. 13(4). 72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 33. 72, s. 108, sch. 11.

72, s. 106, sch. 9

(prosp.). para. 36.

. 178 subst. (prosp.) 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 37.

Ss. 179-181 ext. 72, s. 21(7).

. 179(4) proviso rep. in 72,s. 108, sch. 11.

pt (prosp.). . 179(6) rep. in pt 72, ss. 106, 108,

(prosp.). sch. 9 para. 38, sch. 11.

. 180(1) subst. (prosp.) 72, s. 106, sch. 9

. 180(2) rep. (prosp.) ... para. 39(a). 72, ss. 106, 108,

sch. 9 para. 39(6), sch. 11.

. 180(3) am. (prosp.) 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 39(c).

. 183 am. (prosp.) 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 40.

. 183(1) rep. (prosp.) 72, s. 108, sch. 11

. 187 rep. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

Ptn.

. 188 am. (prosp.) 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 41.

. 189(2X6), (3) am. 72, s. 106, sch. 9

(prosp.). para. 42.

. 194(2) excl 13, s. 11(2).

am 13, s.ll(3).

. 194(4) rep. in pt, (5>- 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

(7) rep. Pt I.

. 196 am 72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 43.

. 197(1) am. 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 44.

. 199 ext . 199(1 Xo) rep. in pt (prosp.). . 199(lXfl), (2 am.... 72, s. 60(2). 72, s. 108, sch. 11.

72, s. 106, sch. 9

. 199(2X6) rep para. 43(a). 72, s. 108, sch. 11.

. 199(3) replaced (prosp.), 72, s. 106, sch. 9

(4) am. (prosp.). . 200(2) rep. in pt. para. 45. 72, ss. 100, 108,

sch. 11.

. 203(1) am 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 46.

rep. in pt. 72, s. 108, sch. 11.

. 204(1) am 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 47.

. 203(1) rep. in pt 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 48(a).

. 205(3) am. (prosp.) ... 72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 48(6).

. 207 mod 72, s. 82. 1

4R3

CXXX1V

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

10 All Eliz. 2: c. 38.

Town and Country Planning Act 1962—cont.

. 207(2Xc) subst. (10.2.1969), (4) am. (prosp.), (5X<0 subst. (prosp.).

. 210 rep. {prosp.)

. 211(lXc) am. (prosp.), (1A), (IB) added (prosp.), (3X4) am. (prosp.).

. 212(3) am

. 215(1) rep. in pt.

. 215(2) replaced

. 217(lXa), (3) rep. in pt., (3A) added (prosp.).

. 218 rep

72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 49.

72, s. 108, sch. 11. 72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 50.

72, s. 101, sch. 8. 72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 51.

72, s. 101, sch. 8. 72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 52.

32, s. 18(2), sch. 4.

c. 43

c. 44

... Carriage by Air (Supplementary Provisions) Act 1962.

... Finance Act 1962

. 221(1) definition of "operational land " mod.

" building preservation order ", " development plan " rep. (prosp.).

" owner " rep. in pt. (prosp.).

"the Act of 1968"added (prosp.), "enforcement notice " am. (prosp.).

Sch. 1 ext. (travelling expenses, Nat. Parks).

Sch. 2 Pt. I appl.

Sch. 2 para. 5 am. (prosp.)

Sch. 2 Pt. H ext.

Sch. 4 rep. (prosp.)

Sch. 8 paras. 1(1) am. (prosp.) and rep. in pt. (prosp.), 3(1) am. (prosp.).

Sch. 13 para. 3 rep. (prosp.).

para. 6(2) am. (prosp.).

Sch. 14 restr

Sch. 14 paras. 40-42 rep.

Power to apply

72, s. 69.

72, s. 108, sch. 11.

72, ss. 106, 108, sch. 9 para. 53(c), sch. 11. 72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 53.

41, s. 39, sch. 4 para. 3.

41, s. 39, sch. 4 para. 1(1).

72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 54.

41, s. 39, sch. 4 para. 2(1).

72, s. 108, sch. 11.

72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 55.

72, s. 108, sch. 11.

72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 56.

72, s. 104(4).

13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

59, s. l(l)(i).

Sch. 9 para. 8 appl.

para. 9(2) ext. ...

para. 9(4)-(6) ext.

para. 10(3)expld.'] para. 10(3) proviso excl. J para. 13(1) ext. ...

44, s. 33(3).

44, s. 34, sch. 13 para. 4(3).

44, s. 34, sch. 13 para. 4(4).

44, s. 23(5).

44, s. 34, sch. 13 para. 2.

Effect of Legislation

cxxxv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or

Statutory

Instrument

10 & 11 Eliz. 2:

—cont. c. 46.

Transport Act 1962

... Power to rep. ... . 1(3) am.

. 2 rep

. 3 am

. 3(1) mod. ...

. 14(1) ext. ... . 14(1X6) saved . 14(1X<0 saved . 14(6) ext.

. 15excl.

. 15(1) ext. ...

. 16(1) am. ...

. 18 ext.

. 18(1) rep.

restr.

. 19(3) am. .. rep. in pt

. 19(3X0 am. • . 19(3)(/v) am. .. . 20 ext.

. 20(2) mod.

... 73, s. 53(3X<0.

... 73, s. 38(1).

... 73, ss. 38(4), 165

(a), sch. 18 Pt.

1.

... 73, s. 41.

73, s. 1(2).

73, s. 50(1).

73, s. 165(a), sch.

18 Pt. I.

73, ss. 50(2), 165 (a), sch. 18 Pt. I.

73, s. 50(1).

73, s. 107(1).

73, ss. 107(4), 165 (a), sch. 18 Pt. I.

73, s. 50(5).

73, s. 50(1).

73, s. 165(a), sch.

18 Pt. I.

73, s. 107(3).

73, s. 47.

73, s. 49.

73, s. 134(3).

73, ss. 49(1), 165 (a), sch. 18 Pt. I.

73, s. 48(7).

73, ss. 48(7), 165 (a) sch. 18.

73, s. 165(a), sch.

18 Pt. I.

73, s. 51(2).

73, s. 50(9).

73, s. 50(4).

73, s. 52(1).

73, s. 52(2).

73, s. 51(2).

73, s. 47(4).

73, s. 3(1), 27(1). 73, ss. 41(5), 165 (a), sch. 18 Pt. I.

73, s. 41(4).

73, ss. 3(1), 27(1). 73, ss. 3(3), 27(3). 73, s. 41(6)(7).

73, s. 165(a), sch.

18 Pt. I.

73, s. 42(6).

73, s. 43(3X6).

73, ss. 3(1), 27(1). 73, s. 53(6).

13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6 Pt. I.

13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 3(3X*) am

. 4(2Xa), (6), (3), (4) rep.

. 6 rep

. 9(2Xc) am. ... . 10(1) am. ...

. 10(2) rep. ...

. 10(3Xc) am

. 10(3) (f)am

. 10(4) rep. in pt.

ext

Ss. 11-17 ext

. 11 am.

. 11(2M4) ext.

. 11(4) rep. in pt.

. 13(1) mod

. 13(2) rep., (4) rep. (saving) (5M7) rep.

. 13(8) rep

. 18(4) proviso (a) excl. . 19 ext

. 20(2), (3) am.

. 20(4) rep., (5) rep. in pt.

. 20(5) am

4 R 4

CXXXV1

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Eliz. 2:

c. 46—eont. Transport Act 1962 . 20(6) rep. and super- 73, ss. 44(4), 165

—cont. seded. (a), sch. 18 Pt. I. 73, ss. 3(1), 27(1).

. 21 ext.

. 22(2), (3), (6) rep. ... 73, ss. 41(8), 165

(a), sch. 18 Pt.

. 22(7) rep. ... ... 73, s. 165(a), sch.

18 Pt. I.

. 23(2), (3X (5) rep. ... 73, ss. 43(4), 165

ja), sch. 18 Pt.

. 23(6) rep. ... • • 73, s. 165 (aX sch.

18 Pt. 1.

. 24 ext. ... 73, ss. 3(1), 27(1).

. 24(2) am. ... ... 73, s. 41(9).

. 25 ext. ... 73, s. 47.

. 25(1) exd. ... . 25(3) rep. ... ... 73, s. 51(6).

... 73, ss. 50(2), 165 (a), sch. 18 Pt. I. 73, s. 165(a), sch.

. 25(4) rep. ...

18 Pt. I.

. 27 am. ... 73, s. 52(3).

. 27(1) am. ... ... 73, s. 51(3).

. 27(3) am. ... ... 73, s. 46(5).

. 27(8) mod. ... ... 73, ss. 39(5), 40

(5).

ext • • 73, s. 48(6).

. 28 am. ... 73, s. 52(3).

ext. ... 73, s. 23(1).

. 29(6) expld. ... ... 10, s. 1(2).

. 29(7) ext. ... ... 73, s. 48(8).

. 29(8) expld. ... ... 10, s. 1(2).

. 29(10) rep. in pt ... 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 29(11) am. ... ... 10, s. 1(1).

. 29(12) am Power to am. 73, s. 44(4X6). 73, s. 53(5).

. 31(2 XL)am. ... ... 73, s. 144.

Ss. 36(4), 37 rep. ... 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 39 am. ... 73, ss. 42, 43.

Power to am. ... 73, s. 53(5).

. 39(6) rep. in pt. ... 73, s. 165(a), sch.

18 Pt. I.

mod. ... ... 73, s. 53(6).

. 39(6) ext. ... 73. ss. 3, 27, sch.

2 paras. 1,2,5.

. 39(8) rep. in pt. ... 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

am. ... 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

ext. ... 73, ss. 3, 27, sch.

2 paras. 1, 5.

. 40 rep. ... 73, s. 165(a), sch.

18 Pt. I.

. 42 rep. (but see ss. 161 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1),

(1), 165(a), sch. 18 Pt I of 1968 c. 73) (Rail- sch. 11.

ways Bd.). . 43(1 M3) ext. ... 73, ss. 47, 51(2).

Effect of Legislation

CXXXVII

Session and

Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Eliz. 2: C. 46—cont.

Transport Act 1962

—cont.

. 43(3) am.

. 53(1X«), (2) rep., (4) rep. in pt.

. 33 rep.

73, s. 50(10).

73, s. 165(a), sch.

18 Pt. I.

73, ss. 6(8), 165 (a), sch. 18 Pt.

. 56 am.

. 56(11) rep

. 56(16) rep

. 56(18) rep

. 57(4) rep. in pt

. 57(4X5) am. (prosp.)... . 60(1) rep. (prosp.) ...

Ss. 61(1), (3), 64 rep. ...

. 67 am.

Ss. 69-71 Power to apply

. 72 excL (railways and waterways bd.).

. 72(4) rep

Ss. 73, 74 am

. 82 rep. (prosp.)

73, ss. 54, 55.

73, s. 165(a), sch.

18 Pt. I.

73, ss. 55(5), 165 (a), sch. 18 Pt

73, s. 165(a), sch.

18 Pt. I.

73, ss. 94(8), 165 (d), sch. 18 Pt

73, s. 94(7X8).

sch. 10.

73, ss. 94(8), 165 (rf), sch. 18 Pt IV.

73, s. 165(a), sch. 18 Pt. I.

73, s. 156(2), sch.

16 para. 4.

73, s. 156(2), sch.

16 para. 5(4). 73, s. 137(8).

73, ss. 137(8), 165 (a), sch. 18 Pt I.

73, s. 136.

73, ss. 94(8), 165 (d), sch. 18 Pt

. 85(1M3) rep. in pt...

. 86 ext.

. 87 rep.

. 89 am.

. 90f2W7) appl.

. 90(2) Power to am. ...

am. ...

Sch. 1 heading rep. in pt.

73, s. 165(a), sch.

18Pt I.

73, s. 141.

73, ss. 49(6), 165 (a), sch. 18 Pt

73, s. 52(3).

73, s. 158(2).

14, s. 5(1), sch. 3. X No. 656.

73, s. 165(a), sch. 18 Pt I.

Sch. 1 Pt. I ext.

para. 4 subst ... Sch. 1 Pt II rep.

Sch. 2 Pt. I am.

rep. in pt...

rep. in pt (prosp.).

73, ss. 1, 24, sch.

1 para. 6.

73, s. 52(4).

73, s. 165(a), sch.

18 Pt I.

73, s. 15(2), sch. 16.

60. s. 33(3X sch.

3Pt m.

73, ss. 94(8), 165 (d), sch. 18 Pt

4R*

cxxxviii

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Eliz. 2:

c. 46—cont. Transport Act 1962 Sch. 6 para. 1(5) excl. 73, s. 144(6).

—cont. (schemes).

Sch. 6 para. 2(3) am. ... Sch. 7 paras. 9,10 rep. 73, sch. 4 para. 9. 73, ss. 54(8), 165 (a), sch. 18 Pt. 73, ‘ s. 94(7)(8),

Sch. 10 para. 6(1) am.

(prosp.). sch. 10.

paras. 6(2X3), 8 73, s. 88(2).

(I) ext. {prosp.). para. 9 am. 73, s. 94(7X8),

(prosp.). sch. 10.

Sch. 11 Pt. II para. 1 rep. 73, s. 165(a), sch.

in pt. 18 Pt. I.

c. 47 Education (Scotland) Act . 36(3) am. (prosp.) ... 49, s. 95(1), sch. 8

1962. . 36(4)(5) rep. (prosp.)... para. 61. 49, s. 95(2), sch. 9

Pt. I.

. 44(1)(2) am.(prosp.) ... 49, s. 95(1), sch. 8

para. 62.

. 44(3X4) rep. (prosp.)... 49, s. 95(2), sch. 9

Pt. I.

Ss. 53, 55 am Ss. 58-60 am 14, s. 3(2). 46, s. 67(2).

. 650X3M5) am. 49, s. 95(1), sch. 8

(prosp.). para. 63.

. 66(1) am. (prosp.) ... 49, s. 95(1), sch.

8 para. 64.

. 75(1 )(6) rep. (prosp.)... 12, ss. 21(1X«),

22, sch. 3.

. 80(1 Xe) rep. (prosp.)... 49. s. 95(2), sch.

9 Pt. I.

. 85(5Xc) am. (prosp.)... 49, s. 95(1), sch. 8

para. 65.

. 99(1) Power to am. ... 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

am .I. No. 1177.

Pt. IV (ss. 102-110) rep. 12,ss.21(l)(a),22,

(prosp.). . 141 (2X j) added (prosp.) sch. 3. 49, s. 95(1), sch. 8

para. 66.

. 145 (41A) added 49, s. 95(1), sch. 8

(prosp) (42) am. (prosp.) (46A) added (prosp.). para. 67.

Schs. 3-6 rep. (prosp.) ... 12, ss. 21(lXa),

22, sch. 3.

c. 49 Air Guns and Shot Guns Rep 27, s. 59(1), sch.7.

etc. Act 1962.

c. 50 Landlord and Tenant Ss. 2(1) am., 5 subst. ... 23, s. 117(2), sch.

Act 1962. 15.

c. 51 Licensing (Scotland) Act . 14(7) ext. (prosp.) ... 65, s. 8(7).

1962.

c. 59 Road Traffic Act 1962 ... . 19(1) am 59, ss. 3, 4(3),

sch. para. 4. 73, s. 165(c), sch.

Ss. 20, 21 rep

18 Pt. III. 73, ss. 94(8), 165

. 22 rep. (prosp.)

(d), sch. 18 Pt. IV.

. 44 rep. (E.) 60, s. 33(3), sch.

3 Pt. m.

Effect of Legislation

cxxxix

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Eliz. 2:

c. 59—cant. Road Traffic Act 1962 . 47 ext 73, s. 146.

—cant. . 47(1X2) am . 47(3) rep Sch. 1 para.\Sam.(prosp). paras. 24 am., 26 subst. Sch. 4 Pt. I rep. in pt. ... 29, s. 41(1), sch. 1 para. 4. 29, s. 41(2), sch.2. 73, s. 130(6X<0. 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2 Pt. n. 73, s. 165(c), sch.

is Pt. in.

1963:

c.2 Betting, Gaming and Lotteries Act 1963. Ss. 32-38 rep. (prosp) 65, s. 53(1 Xc), sch. 12.

. 39 rep. (prosp) 65, ss. 44(2), 53

(lXc), sch. 12.

Ss. 40, 41, 42(2X6) am. 65, s. 53(1 Xu),

{prosp.). sch. 11 Pt. 1.

Ss. 43(1), 44(1) 45(1) appl. 65, s. 52(3).

. 48 am. {prosp.) 65, s. 53(1 Xu),

sch. 11 Pt. I.

. 49(1), (2), (3Xe), am. 65, s. 53(lXu),

{prosp) (3AM3D) added (prosp.). sch. 11 Pt. I.

Ss. 49(4), 50 rep. 65, s. 53(1 Xc),

sch. 12.

. 54(1) appl. {prosp)... 65, ss. 33(6), 41

(ID.

. 54(1X2) am. {prosp)... 65, s. 53(lXu),

sch. 11 Pt. I.

. 54(3) appl. {prosp) ... 65, ss. 33(6), 41

(11).

. 55(1) definitions of 65, s. 53(1 Xu),

" bet " added {prosp) " game of chance ", " gaming " replaced sch. 11 Pt. I.

{prosp). Sen. 1 a m. (prosp) 65, s. 11, sch. 2

para. 1(1), sch. 3 para. 1(1).

Sch. 2 para. 11, ach. 3 .I. Nos. 170

para. 12(2)am.(E.)(.). Sen. 6 subst. (prosp.) ... 248. 65, s. 53(lXu),

sch. 11 Pt. n.

Sch. 7 paras. 3, 9 am. (E.) .I. Nos. 170,

(.). 248.

c. 3 Betting Duties Act 1963 . 1(2) am 44, s. 4(2).

. 3(6) am. (prosp) 65, s. 53(1X6),

sch. 11 Pt. in.

Sch. 1 paras. 4-6 appl.... 44, s. 4(4), sch. 5

r para. 5. .I. Nos. 709,

c. 9 Purchase Tax Act 1963... Sch. 1 Pt. Iam. ... rep. in pt. ... Pt. 1 group 35 saved (temp.). Pt. II para. 5(1X«) (/) am. (prosp). Pt. II para. 5(2) definition of "authorised seller of poisons* rep. (prosp). ^Ic 1511. 44, s. 5, sch. 6. 44, s. 61(10), sch. 20 Pt. I.

74, s. 1(5).

67, s. 135(1), sch. 5 para. 13. 67, s. 135(2), sch. 6. 4 R* 2

4 R* 2

cxl

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

1963:

c. 9—cont. Purchase Tax Act 1963 —cont. Sch 2 para. 2(6) exd. (temp.). . 9(1) appl 74,s.l(5).

c. 12 Local Government 31, s. 5, sch. 2 para. 1.

(Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1963.

c. 15 Fort William Pulp and . 1(6) rep 32,s. 18(2), sch. 4.

Paper Mills Act 1963.

c. 16 Protection of Depositors . 24(1) rep 32,s. 18(2), sch.4.

Act 1963.

c. 21 Education (Scotland) Act 1963. . 3 rep. (prosp 12, ss. 21(lXo), 22, sch. 3.

c. 24 British Museum Act Sch. 3 Pt. I para. 5 added .I. No. 1604.

1963.

c. 25 Finance Act 1963 . 15(2) ext Ss. 22-24 exd 44, s. 40(5). 44, s. 16, sch. 9

para. 18(5).

Ss. 34, 35 rep., 36 rep. 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1),

(saving), 37 rep. Ss. 38, 39 am sdi. 11. 3, s. 98(2), sch. 12

para. 6.

Ss. 40, 41 rep., 42 rep. 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1),

(saving). sch. 11.

. 53(1) am. 44, s. 36(6).

. 72 rep. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

Pt I.

Sch. 6 exd 44, s. 16, sch. 9

para. 18(6).

Sch. 12 paras. 10 rep., 12 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1),

rep. in pt sch. 11.

para. 24(1H6) 34, s. 52, sch. 8.

rep.

c. 29 Local Authorities (Land) Act 1963. . 3(4) rep. in pt ,3i "*■

am. 13, s. 6.

. 6(2) rep. in pt 41, s. 50(2), sch.

c. 31 Weights and Measures . 10(7) am SJ.No. 1699.

Act 1963. . 26(2X3X5M7) appl. 29, s. 22(1X«).

(mod.).

. 37 appl . 51(2) appl 29, s. 26(1). 29, s. 22(l)(a).

. 56 rep. 32,s.l8(2), sch.4.

Sch. 3 Pt. V para. 5 am. .I. No. 320.

c. 33 ... London Government Act . 9(2X66) added (prosp.) 73, s. 130(3).

1963. . 14(2) am. (prosp.) ... 73, s. 130(6X«).

. 21 am. (prosp.) 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 57.

. 24 exd. (prosp.) 72, s. 14, sch. 1

para. 14.

. 24(3) subst (prosp. in pt.). 72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 58.

. 24(4) am. (prosp. in pt.) 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 59.

. 24(4A) added 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 60.

. 24(5) am. (prosp.) ... 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 61.

. 24(6) rep. in pt (prosp.) . 24(9) am. (prosp.) ... 72, s. 108, sch.ll. 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 61.

Effect of Legislation

cxli

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

1963: c. 33.

London Government Act 1963—cont.

c. 37

Children and Young Persons Act 1963.

c. 38

c. 39

Water Resources Act 1963.

Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1963.

Ss. 25-27, rep.

28(2), (3) rep. 29(1) rep. in pt (prosp.), (2) rep. (prosp.), (6) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

. 31(5) am

.45(2X«)am

Ss. 45(4), 46(3) rep. and superseded.

. 52(1) rep

Sch. 4 para. 5 rep.

Sch. 12 para. 1(6) rep. in pt.

paras. 3, 6 am.... paras. 13-16 rep., 17, 18 rep. in pt, 19(l)(aXii) rep.

Sch. 17 paras. 16,19 rep.

Apptd. days for remaining provisions of Act.

. 1 rep. (.) (prosp.) ...

Ss. 5-7 appl. (prosp.) ...

Ss. 8-15 appl. (prosp.) ...

. 12 rep. in pt. (prosp.)

Ss. 45-52 rep. (.) (prosp.)

Ss. 45(1) rep. in pt, 51, 52, 53(1X6) rep. (E.) (prosp.).

. 55 rep. in pt. and am. (prosp.).

. 57(2) expld.(.) (prosp.), (3X<0 am. (prosp.).

. 58 rep. (.) (prosp.) ...

. 8(4) expld

. 27 expld

. 27(3) subst

. 27(4) am

. 67 am.

. 1(4) am. (prosp.)

. 7(1) am. (prosp.)

Ss. 11(2) rep. in pt. (prom.), (3), (5), 15, Pt. n (ss. 18-22) rep.

. 29 am. (prosp.)

Ss. 49, 54(2) rep. Sch. 2 rep. (prosp.)

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

72, s. 108, sch. 11.

17, s. 1(3), sch.

1 para. 8.

46, s. 78(2), sch. 3

46, ss.* 65(4), 78 (2), sch. 4. 54,s.l9(2), sch. 3. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt n.

54, s. 19(2), sch.

SJ.No. 170.

54, s. 19(2), sch. 3.

23, s. 117(5), sch. 17.

.I. No. 1727.

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

49, s. 72(2).

49, s. 74(4).

49, ss. 95(2), 97 (1), sch. 9 Pt

n.

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt I.

49, ss. 95(2), 97 (1), sch. 9 Pt.

n.

49, ss. 95(1), 97 (1), sch. 8 para. 68.

49, ss. 95(1), 97 0), sch. 8 para.

49,s.*95(2). sch. 9 Pt I.

34, s. 27(6).

35, s. 1(3X4).

35, s. 1(1).

35, s. 1(2X4).

41, s. 3,sch.3Pt.

I.

49,s.95(l), sch. 8 para. 70. 49,s.95(l), sch. 8 para. 71.

49, s. 95(2), sch. 9 Pt L

49, s.95(l), sch. 8 para. 72.

5, s. 1(5), sch.

49, s.95(2), sch. 9 PtI.

4 R* 3

cxlii

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

1963—coni.

c. 41 Offices, Shops and Railway Premises Act 1963. . 53(1X4)am. (E.) ... . 84(2) am 64, s. 17(3), sch. 56, s. 2(2), sch.

c. 43 Animal Boarding Estab- . 1(2) am. (E.) (.) ... para. 8(1). .I. Nos. 170,

lishments Act 1963. 248.

c. 46 Local Government . 6(6) am .I. No. 491.

(Financial Provisions) Act 1963.

c. 49 Contracts of Employment . 4 restr. (prosp.) 69, s. 1, sch. 3

Act 1963. para. 15(2).

c. 51 Land Compensation (Scotland) Act 1963. Appl. (temp.) Appl. (mod.) (prosp.) ... 4, s. 12(3). 47, s. 19(2).

(new towns) 16, ss. 12(2), 16, schs. 6, 7.

Appl 16, s. 14(5).

Pt. I (ss. 1-7) mod. 34, s. 14(3), sch. 4

para. 5.

. 3 appl. 16, ss. 13(1), 26 (7), sch. 5 para.

5(3).

Ss. 3, 5 appl. (temp.) 73,s.ll5(l).

appl. (mod.) 34, s. 14(3), sch. 4

(temp.). para. 6.

. 5 appl. (mod.) 16, ss. 13(1), 26

(7), sch, 5 para. 5(3).

Pt. II(ss. 8-11) mod. ... 34,s. 14(3), sch. 4

para. 5.

appl. (prosp.). 16, s. 47(5).

. 12 mod 16, ss. 13, 26,

. 40 mod sch. 5 para. 2. 34, s. 14(3), sch. 4

para. 5.

c. 59 Electricity and Gas Act . 2(2) am 39, s. 1(3X6).

1963. . 2(3), (4) am . 2(5) rep., (6) rep. in pt. 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

PL I.

. 2(6), (7), sch. 1 am. ... 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

C.A.M. No. 1 Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Appl. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1,

Measure 1963. s. 19(8).

1964:

c. 4 Trustee Savings Banks . 7(1) rep. in pt. 6, s. 11, sch.

Act 1964.

c. 6 Export Guarantees Act 1964. Rep 26, s. 11(2).

c. 7 Shipbuilding Credit Act . 1(5) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

1964. . 1(6) am 32, s. 9(3).

. 2(1) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 2(2) rep., (3) rep. in pt. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 2(3) am . 2(6) rep 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

PL I.

c.8 New Towns Act 1964 ... Rep. (.) 16, s. 48(3), sch. 11. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

c. 9 Public Works Loans Act Ss. 1-5, 9(2), (3Xa), (c).

1964. schs. 1-3 rep. Pt. II.

c. 13 International Develop- . 2(1) am 13, s. 10(1).

ment Association Act . 2(1) rep. in pt., (2) rep. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

1964. 1 Pt. I.

Effect of Legislation

cxliii

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1964—cont

c. 14 Plant Varieties and Seeds Apptd. day for s. 33 .I. No. 206.

Act 1964. (13.2.1968). Saved . 1(4) am 29, s. 2(4). 34, s. 43(2), sch. 7. 34, s. 43(1).

. 5A added

Ss. 20(5) rep., 21(1) rep. 34, ss. 43(2), 52,

in pt. schs. 7, 8.

Ss. 21(1), 22(6), 23 am.. 34, s. 43(2), sch.

23A added. 7.

. 31(2) rep . 39(3X4) ext 29, s. 41(2), sch. 2. 34, s. 43(3).

Sch. 1 paras. 1(3), (5), 34, s. 43(2), sch.

3(2) am., 4(1A) added. 7.

Sch. 2 Pt. H para. 2(5) 34, ss. 43(2), 52,

rep. in pt. schs. 7, 8.

c. 26 Licensing Act 1964 Ss. 21(3) rep. in pt. (prosp.), 57(1) rep. in 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

pt. n.

pt., (3) rep. . 100(4X<0 rep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. III.

Pt. VH (ss. 118-131) 76, s. 1(2).

cont. until 31.3.1970. . 169(8) ext. (prosp.) 65, s. 8(7).

. 177 am. (prosp.) 65, s. 53(1X6),

sch. 11 Pt. in.

. 194(2) ext. (prosp.) 65, s. 8(7).

Ss. 199 para, (c) subst., 54, s. 19(1), sch.

200(1) am. 2.

. 202(1X6) am. (prosp.) 65, s. 53(1X6),

sch. 11 Pt. m.

c. 28 Agriculture and Horti- Saved 29, s. 2(4).

culture Act 1964. . 22(2) rep 29, s. 41(2), sch.

Sch. para. 3(6) rep. in pt. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

(E.) (.). PL I. 3, s. 71(3).

c. 37 • Income Tax Management . 9 appl. ... < 44, ss. 16, 46(4),

Act 1964. sch. 9 para. 18 (7).

I

Sch. 1 Pt. I appl. Schs. 2, 4 Pt. Ill rep. in 44, s. 43(12). 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1),

pt. sch. 11.

c. 40 Harbours Act 1964 . 9 saved 41, ss. 8(6), 12(8).

Ss. 6(1X6), 11(1) am. ... 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 13(2X«) rep. in pt., (6) 13,8.24(2), sch. 6

. 30(1X6) subst. Pt. n. 73, s. 156(2), sch.

16 para. 8(1).

. 30(4) rep. in pt. 73, ss. 156(2),

165(c), sch. 16 para. 8(1), sch.

18 Pt. in.

. 36(a) am 73, s. 156(2), sch.

16 para. 8(1).

. 43(1), (2) am. 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 43(3) rep., (4) rep. in 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

pt. Pt. I.

. 43(4), (5) am. 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 57(1) definition of 59, ss. 3, 4(3),

" ship " am. sch. para. 5.

"the Boards" "marine 73, s. 156(2), sch.

work " am. 16 para. 8(1).

4 R* 4

cxliv

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1964—cont.

c.41 ...

Succession (Scotland) Act 1964.

c. 42 ...

Administration of Justice Act 1964.

Appl

. 4 subst. (25.11.1968)... . 6 am

. 9(1) am

. 10A added (25.11.1968) . 11(1) am

. 11(2) am

. 11(4) am

. 13 am.

. 15(1) am. (retrosp.)

. 16 reprinted as am. ...

. 16(2) am

. 16(3X6XiaXi£) added

. 16(6Xa)am

. 16(8) am

. 16(9) definitions of " agricultural lease " am., " the Act of 1955" added.

. 17 saved

. 23 saved

. 23(5) ext

. 24 saved

. 29(2) am

. 33(1) am

. 37(1X6) rep

Sch. 2 para. 1 rep. in pt

. 4(3) am.

. 5(2) rep. in pt. . 5(3) am.

rep. in pt.

70, s. 8.

70, s. 1.

70, s. 3, sch. 1 para. 1.

70, s. 3, sch. 1 para. 2.

70, s. 2.

70, s. 3, sch. 1 para. 3.

70, s. 3, sch. 1 para. 4.

70, s. 3, sch. 1 nara. 5.

7o!T 3, sch. 1 para. 6.

70, s. 19.

70, s. 8, sch. 2

pt. n.

70, s. 8, sch. 2 para. 22.

70, s. 8, sch. 2 Pt. I para. 23.

70, s. 8, sch. 2 Pt. I para. 24.

70, s. 8, sch. 2 Pt. I para. 25.

70, s. 8, sch. 2 Pt. 1 para. 26.

70, s. 7.

22, ss. 2(6), 6(2). 53, s. 4(2).

22, ss. 2(6), 6(2). 70 s. 8, sch. 2 Pt. I para. 27. 70, s. 3, sch. 1 para. 7.

70, ss. 8, 22(3), sch. 2 Pt I 28, sch.

70, ss. 8, 22(3), sch. 2 Pt I para. 29, sch.

3.

69, s. 1, sch. 1.

5, s. 1(5), sch.

69, s. 1, sch. 1. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. IL

. 10(4Xa) am

Ss. 13(2) rep. in pt, 27(5) rep. in pt. 30

(3)(4), 33 rep., sch. 3 paras. 11 rep. in pt., 12(2) rep., 14(1) rep. in pt., 15,19(1) rep., 22f3) rep. in pt (prosp.), (4) rep., (5) rep. in pt. (prosp.), 24 rep.

69, s. 1, sch. 1. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt.n.

Effect of Legislation

cxlv

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1964:

c. 42— Administration of Justice Act 1964—a>nt. Sch. 3 para. 25(1) rep.... para. 28(3) rep.... 5, s. 1(5), sch. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

Ptn.

c* 43 • M* Criminal Appeal Act 1964 Ss. 1-3 rq>. 19, s. 54, sch. 7.

. 4 rep.... ... ... 20, s. 60, sch. 6.

. 6(2) rep 19, s. 54, sch. 7.

. 6(3) rep., (5) rep. in pt, sch. 1 rep. 20, s. 60, sch. 6.

Sch. 2 rep. in pt < 19, s. 54, sch. 7. 20, s. 60, sch. 6.

c. 48 Police Act 1964 . 17(3) exd. . 51(1) am 71,8.27(5X6). 27, s. 17(2), sch. 1

paras. 5, 9.

Sch. 9 rep. in pt. 27, s. 59(1), sch.

c. 49 Finance Act 1964 . 6(1X2) exd. (temp.)... . 7(l), (5) rep 74, s. 1(8X6). 44, s. 61(10), sch.

20 Pt. I.

. 21(5) am 44, s. 18(3), sch.

10 para. 1(4).

. 25 rep 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

Ptl.

Sch. 1 Table 1 subst. ... 44, s. 1(1), sch. 1.

Sch. 3 subst 44, s. 1(1), sch. 2.

mod 44, s. 3(1X6).

Sch. 4 subst 44, s. 1(1), sch. 3.

Sch. 5 Table 1 mod. ... 44, s. 3(lXc).

c. 56 Housing Act 1964 . 3(9) rep. (E.) 23, s. 117(5), sch.

17.

. 9(1), (3) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 9(4) rep 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

Ptl.

. 9(5) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 9(6) rep. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 10(4) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

rep. in pt

Pt. I.

. 11(2) rep. 31, s. 70, sch. 10.

. 35 rep 23, s. 117(5), sch.

17.

.44(2Xfl)am.(E.) ... 23, s. 117(2), sch.

15.

Ss. 45-49 rep. (.), 55 rep. 31, s. 70, sch. 10.

. 56(2) am., (2X6) subst. 23, s. 117(2), sch.

(3)(a), (4) am., (7) subst., (8) rep. in pt., 15.

(9) am. Ss. 61, 62, 63(2) rep. ... 31, s. 70, sch. 10.

Ss. 74(2), 75(3), 81(3) am. 23, s. 117(2), sch.

(E.). 15.

. 92(7) rep. (.), (10XA) 31, s. 70, sch. 10.

rep.

. 95(2) am Ss. 96 rep. (.), 97(2), 99, 62, s. 10(5). 31, s. 70, sch. 10.

101(2) rep., 103 rep. (.).

Sch. 2 para. 4 am. \ 23, s. 117(2), sch.

Sch. 4 para. 2 am. (E.) / 15.

cxlvi

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1964—cont.

c. 58 Resale Prices Act 1964... . 8(4) rep. in pt. Ss. 9(2), 10(2) rep. 32, s. 18(2), sch. 4. 5, s. 1(5), sch.

c. 60 Emergency Laws (Reenactments and Repeals) Act 1964. . 2(3) definition of "security " am. and rep. in pt. . 4(2) Power to ext. ... 44, ss. 55(1), 61 (10), sch. 20 Pt. V. 46, s. 61(1). .I. No. 1699. 32, s. 18(2), sch. 32, s. 18(2), sch.

Ss. 4(4), 5(4) rep. Ss. 17(1), 18 rep.

c. 61 Animals (Restriction of . 4 rep

Importation) Act 1964. 4.

c. 64 Drugs (Prevention of . 1(2)(/), (k) &m. (prosp.) 67, s. 135(1), sch.

Misuse) Act 1964. . 1(3) am. and expld. 5 para. 14. 59, ss. 3, 4(3), sch. para. 6.

(hovercraft).

. l(6Xa) subst. (prosp.) 67, s. 135(1), sch.

5 para. 14.

Ss. 1(7) rep. in pt. (prosp.), 9 definition of "autho- 67, s. 135(2), sch. 6.

rised seller of poisons " rep. (prosp.).

c. 67 Local Government (De- . 7(4) rep. in pt. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

velopment and Finance) Pt. n.

(Scotland) Act 1964. am 13, s. 6.

c. 68 New Towns (No. 2) Act Rep. (.) 16, s. 48(3), sch.

1964. 11.

c. 70 Riding Establishments . 1(2) am. (E.) (.) ... .I. Nos. 170,

Act 1964. 248.

c. 72 Fishery Limits Act 1964 . 1 appl. (foreign fishing 77, s. 6.

boats). Ss. 1(2), 2, 3(2), (5) rep. 77, s. 22(2), sch. 2Pt. II.

(prosp.), sch. 1 rep. in pt. (prosp.).

c. 78 Betting, Gaming and Rep. (prosp.) 65, s. 53(l)(c),

Lotteries Act 1964. sch. 12.

c. 81 Diplomatic Privileges Ext. (prosp.) 18, s. 1(10).

Act 1964.

c. 82 Education Act 1964 ... . 1(1) am 17, s. 2.

c. 84 Criminal Procedure (In- Ss. 2, 3,4(6) rep., (7) rep. 19, s. 54, sch. 7.

sanity) Act 1964. in pt., 5(1X6), (d), (2), (5) rep.

20, s. 60, sch. 6.

. 7 rep. in pt

Sch. 1 subst 19, s.52(l), sch. 5.

Sch. 2 Pt. Ill rep. 20, s. 60, sch. 6.

c. 92 Finance (No. 2) Act 1964 . 2 am. ... 44,s.2(l).

. 7 am 11, ss. 2, 3, sch.

Power to revive ... 11, s. 3(1).

Sch. 3 appl. (mod.) 11, s. 2(5), sch.

para. 9.

c. 97 Protection from Eviction . 5 rep. (E.) 23, s. 117(5), sch.

Act 1964. 17.

c. 98 Ministers of the Crown Sch. 1 paras. 5-7 appl. .I. No. 1699.

Act 1964. and expld. Sch. 1 paras. 5-8 appl. .I. No. 1656.

and expld.

Sch. 2 Pt. II rep. in pt.... .I. Nos. 729,

1699.

Effect of Legislation

cxlvii

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1964—cont.

C.A.M. No. 3 Churchwardens (Appoint- Appl. (prosip.) C.A.M. No. 1,

ment and Resignation) Measure 1964. s. 27(3).

C.A.M. No. 5 Faculty Jurisdiction Mea- . 6 saved (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1,

sure 1964. s. 29(2).

1965:

c.2 Administration of Justice . 12(4) rep. in pt. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Act 1965. Pt. I.

f 3, ss. 96(3), 97(5),

c. 4 Science and Technology Sch. 2 rep. in pt. •< sch. 11.

Act 1965. 32, s. 18(2), sch. 4.

c. 7 Education (Scotland) Act Rep. (prosp.) 12, ss 21(1X«),

1965. 22, sch. 3.

c. 9 Armed Forces (Housing Sch. Pt. II (s. 1(2), (4)) 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Loans) Act 1965. rep. Pt. I.

Sch. Pt. II (s. l(3Xfl),(c)) 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

am.

c. 12 Industrial and Provident . lOexcl 55, s. 12(3).

Societies Act 1965. Ss. 37, 38 rep 55, s. 20(1X6),

sch. 2.

. 39 Power to appl. ... 55, s. 4(7).

. 39(1) am 55, s. 11(1).

. 39(2Xa). (6) rep. ... 55, ss. 11(8), 20

(1)(6), sch. 2.

. 39(2Xc) am., (2A) added. 55, s. 20(1 Xa), sch. 1 para. 10. 55, s. 13(7).

. 39(5) ext

am 55, s. ll(5Xn).

. 71(1) ext . 72(1) restr 55, s. 13(7). 55, s. 11(3). 55, s. 20(1X6),

. 72(2) rep. in pt.

sch. 2.

. 74 definition of "offi- 55, 20(lXfl), sch.

cer " am. 1 para. 11.

Sch. 1 para. 10 am. 55, s. 20(lXa),

sch. 1 para. 12.

c. 15 Dangerous Drugs Act . 11(2H4) am. (prosp.) 67, s. 135(1), sch.

1965. . 11(4) rep. in pt. (prosp.) Sch. Pt. I para. 1 am. ... 5 para. 15. 67, s. 135(2), sch. .I. No. 1650.

c. 16 Airports Authority Act Expld. (" pension *’) ... 61, s. 25(2X«).

1965. . 2 am. 61, s. 24.

. 4(5) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

rep. in pt. 13, s.24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 5(3) expld . 6(2), (3) am 61, s. 12(2). 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 6(4) rep., (5) rep. in pt. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt.I.

Ss. 6(5), 8(3) am. . 10 am. . 11(2X6) am . 12(2) am Sch. 1 para. 8(1) am. ... Sch. 3 appl. (mod.) Apptd day for s. 16 (15.11.1968). 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 61, s. 11(2). 61, s. 11(4). 61, s. 10(2). 61, s. 25(1). 61, s. 4(2).

c. 19 Teaching Council (Scot- .I. No. 1794.

land) Act 1965.

c. 25 Finance Act 1965 . 1(2) am 44, s. 1(2).

. 5(1X2) rep., (5) rep. in pt., (6X7) rep. 44, s. 61(10), sch. 20 Pt. I.

cxlviii

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap. or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

1965:

c. 25— Finance Act 1965—cont. Ss. 13,14 rep 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1),

sch. 11.

. 15(lXc) ext . 17(7X8) rep 3, s. 82(2). 44, ss. 33(1), 61

(10), sch. 20 Pt. m.

Pt. m (ss. 19-45)exd.... 44, s. 34, sch. 12

mod. expld. para. 10(2). 44, s. 34, sch. 12 para. 4(1). 44, s. 34, sch. 12

paras. 7,19(2). 44, s. 34, sch. 12 para. 18(2). 44, s. 15(6). 44, s. 34, sch. 12 para. 4(3). 44, s. 61(10), sch.

ext. ... . 21 expld excl. . 24(10) rep

20 Pt. m.

. 26(8), (9X«) appl ... 44, s. 47(2).

. 27(3) excl 44, s. 33(2).

. 29 excl 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 2(1).

appl. (mod.) 44, s. 34, sch. 12

. 29(11) rep para. 4(5). 44, s. 61(10), sch.

20 Pt. in.

. 33 ext 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 23(5).

. 45(2) rep 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1),

sch. 11.

Pt. IV (ss. 46-89) excl.... 3, s. 12(3).

mod.... 3, s. 67(3).

. 47 ext 44, s. 23(1).

. 49(6) ext 2, s. 5(2).

. 52 (5X6) ext. (mod.) ... . 54(4) ext. . 55(6) am 44, s. 22(1). 44, s. 40(4X6).

73, s. 161(2). 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1),

. 56 rep.

sch. 11.

. 59 expld. 3, s. 15(3).

. 61(2) saved . 63(2), (3) rep. 3, s. 67(3). 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1),

sch. 11.

. 63(5) appl 3, s. 100(2).

. 73 am. 44, s. 20.

. 77 mod . 85(6) am . 92(2) am 44, s. 16(1X6). 44, s. 25. 73, s. 33(1).

. 92(8) subst. 73, s. 33(2).

. 92(9) ext. Sch. 5 Pts. I-IV, VI rep. 73, s. 33(3). 44, s. 61(10), sch.

20 Pt. I. 44, s. 34, sch. 12

Sch. 6 para. 3 restr.

para. 12(2).

expld. 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 10(3).

para. 3(2M4) appl. 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 9(1X6) rep. para. 12(1). 44, s. 61(10), sch.

20 Pt. in.

Effect of Legislation

cxlix

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1965:

c. 25—cont. Finance Act 1965—cont. Sch. 6 para. 22(4) excl.... 44, s. 32(1), sch.

11 para 1(1).

para. 22(6) appL 44, s. 32(5).

para. 25(1) rep. in 44, s. 61(10), sch.

pt. 20 Pt. in.

am. 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 5.

para. 28 appl. ... 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 1(5).

Sch. 7 para. 2 excl. 44, s. 32(2).

para. 2(4) appl.... 44, s. 33(3).

para. 3(2) ext. ... 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 17(2).

para. 4 ext. 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 15(1).

para. 4(3) expld.... 44, s. 23(3).

para. 4(3) proviso 44, s. 23(3).

excl. para. 5(2) excl. ... 44, s. 33(2).

para. 6 ext. 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 7 am. para. 15(2). 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 15(1).

para. 7(1) ext. ... 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 15(2).

para. 8 expld. ... 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 7(2) expld.... para. 15(1). 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 11(1), (4) am. para. 15(3). 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 8(1).

i appl. (mod.) 44, s. 34, sch. 12

I para. 8(2).

i Sch. 8 expld. para. 8 rep. 44, s. 15(7). 44, ss. 34, 61(10),

sch. 12 para. 7 (7), sch. 20 Pt.

in.

para. 9(1) am. ... 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 7(7).

Sch. 9 am. 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 1 am. (E.)... para. 9. 60, s. 33(2), sch.

2 Pt. m.

Sch. 10 para. 1(3) am.... 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 13.

para. 3(1) expld. para. 4(1) am.... 44, s. 31(5). 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 4(7).

Sch. 11 Pt I ext. 44, s. 23(5).

Sch. 13 expld 44, s. 33(4).

para. 1 ext 44,532(1), sch. 11

para. 2(5).

paras. 1-6 ext.... 73, s. 161(2).

paras. 2-6 appl. 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 2(1) saved para. 22(2). 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 23(4).

paras. 4, 5 am.... 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 21.

cl

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1965:

c. 25—cont. Finance Act 1965 Sch. 14 para. 1(5), 3, 5, 3, ss. 96(3), 97

6(1H5), 7-14 rep.. (1), sch. 11.

15(4) rep. in pt., 16-19, 22-24, 25(c), (d) rep., 26 rep. in pt., 27(2) rep., sch. 15 para.

6 rep. in pt. Sch. 16 para. 1 rep. 44, s. 61(10), sch.

20 Pt n.

para. 2 appl. ... paras. 2, 3 ext.... para. 6 rep. 44, s. 29(2). 44, s. 29(1). 44, s. 61(10), sch.

20 Pt. n.

para. 7 excl. ... 3, ss. 87(7), 94

para. 8 rep. (4). 3, ss. 96(3), 97

(1), sch. 11.

Sch. 17 para. 4(3) am.... 44, s. 27(1).

rep. in pt. 44, s. 61(10), sch. 20 Pt. VI.

c. 28 Justices of the Peace Act Sch. 18 para. 9(1X«) subst. . 1(2) rep. (saving) 44, s. 24(1). 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5

1965. pt. n.

c. 33 Control of Office and In- Pt. I (ss. 1-18) mod. 72, s. 85-87.

dustrial Development Act 1965. (prosp.). . 1(3) appl. (E.) 72, s. 25.

excl. (E.j (prosp.) 72, ss. 83(2), 87.

appl. (E.) (prosp.) 72, s. 86(6).

. 2 excl. (E.) (prosp.) ... 72, ss. 83(5), 87.

. 5(1) excl. (E.) (prosp.) 72, ss. 83(2), 87.

. 7 excl. (E.) (prosp.) ... 72, s. 84.

. 8(1), (3), (4) am. (E.)... 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 62.

. 9(3M6) am. (E.) ... 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 63.

. 16(7) am. (E.) 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 64.

. 24(1) rep 32, s. 18(2), sch.

c. 36 Gas Act 1965 . 2 am . 31(1) rep 39, s. 6. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

c. 38 Overseas Development . 2(3X4) Transfer of .I. No. 1656.

and Service Act 1965. functions.

c. 40 c. 44 Housing (Amendment) (Scotland) Act 1965. Firearms Act 1965 Rep. ... . Rep 31, s. 70, sch. 10. 27, s. 59(1), sch.

c. 46 Highlands and Islands . 6 am 51, s. 1.

Development (Scotland) Act 1965. . 8 am 51, s. 2.

c. 47 Merchant Shipping Act . 4 rep 32, s. 18(2), sch.

1965. 4.

c. 49 Registration of Births, . 13 am. (prosp.) 53, s. 8.

Deaths and Marriages . 15(1X3X4) am. (prosp.) 49, s. 95(1), sch. 8

(Scotland) Act 1965. para. 73.

. 20(l)(c) am. (prosp.)... 53, s. 8(5X<0.

c. 50 Monopolies and Mergers . ll(3Xc) rep 32, s. 18(2), sch.

Act 1965. 4.

c. 51 National Insurance Act Excl. (prosp.) 18, s. 1(6).

1965. . 1 expld. (E.) 23, s. 40(3).

. 39 excl. (.)(prosp.)... 49, s. 28(2).

. 79 Transfer of func- .I. No. 1656.

tions.

Effect of Legislation

cli

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1965:

c. 51—cont. National Insurance Act . 90 am. 14, s. 1(2).

1965—cont. . 90(4) am. (E.) 64, s. 17(3), sch.

. 90(4X6) am 14, s. 1(3).

. 91(2) Power to am. ... am. (.) (E.) ... 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3. .I. Nos. 1177,

1242.

Ss. 93(3), 94 appl. 14, s. 1(3).

. 110(1) Transfer of .I. No. 1656.

functions. . 114(2)(c) expld. 40, s. 1(4).

Sch. 1 subst 14, s. 1(1), sch. 1.

Sch. 3 subst 40, s. 1(2), sch. 1.

c. 52 National Insurance (In- Excl. (prosp.) 18, s. 1(6).

dustrial Injuries) Act . 64(4) am. (E.) 64, s. 17(3), sch.

1965. . 86(2)(c) expld. 40, s. 1(4).

Sch. 1 Pt. I para. 1 expld. 23, s. 40(3).

(E.). Sch. 3 paras. 7, 11 am.... 40, s. 1(3), sch. 2.

c. 53 Family Allowances Act Ss. 1, 3(2) am 40, s. 1(1).

1965. . 11(1) am. (prosp.) ... 49, ss. 95(1), 97

(1), sch. 8 para. 74(1).

. 1 l(lXflXii) rep. (prosp.) 49, ss. 95(2), 97

(lXc), (2) rep. in pt. (1), sch. 9 Pt.

(prosp.). n.

. 11(3) am. (prosp.), (7) 49, ss. 95(1), 97

added (prosp.). (1), sch. 8 para. 74(2)(3).

Sch. para. 1(1) proviso 40, s. 1(1).

am.

c. 54 National Health Service Ss. 1(4)(5) subst., 3(1) .I. No. 1699.

Contributions Act am., (3) rep., 4 am.

1965. Sch. subst 14, s. 2, sch. 2.

c. 56 Compulsory Purchase Act . 6 mod. 34, s. 13(3), sch. 3 para. 5.

. 8 saved (prosp.) 72, s. 35(8).

Ss. 9,11,12 mod. 34, s. 13(3), sch. 3

para. 5.

. 13 saved 52, s. 5(3).

Ss. 20(4), (5), 22(1H3), 34, s. 13(3), sch. 3

(5), 26, sch. 1 paras. 6-8,10, schs. 2,3 mod. para. 5.

c. 58 Ministerial Salaries Con- . 2(2) am .I. No. 1699.

solidation Act 1965. Sch. 1 rep. in pt. .I. Nos. 729,

1699.

c. 59 New Towns Act 1965 ... . 7 expld 34, s. 13(2).

Ss. 15-17 rep. (prosp.) ... 72, s. 108, sch. 11.

. 22(3) am 23, s. 117(2), sch.

15.

. 42(1), (4), (5) am. ... 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 43 appl. (.) . 43(6) am 16, s. 37(1). 16, s. 48(2), sch.

10.

. 44(1) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 44(2) rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 44(3) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 44(4) rep 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 45(1X2) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

Ss. 45(2), 46(5Xa), (6) rep. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

in pt. Pt I.

clii

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1965: c. 59—cont. New Towns Act 1965 . 46(5Xfl), (b) am. ... 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

—cont. Sch. 7 rep. (p 72,s. 108, sch. 11.

c. 60 Gas (Borrowing Powers) Rep 39, s. l(3Xfl).

c. 61 Act 1965. Judges Remuneration Act 1965. Redundancy Payments . 3 rep., sch. 2 rep. in pt. 5, s. 1(5), sch.

c. 62 . 1 exd .I. No. 1201.

Act 1965. . 27(2) am. .I. No. 1264.

c. 63 ... ... Public Works Loans Act Ss. 27(6), 29 am. . 35(1) am. . 35(3) rep . 35(4) am . 35(5) rep . 41(3) Transfer of functions. . 48(5) rep. in pt, (6) rep. . 55(3) am . 1 rep .L No. 1699. 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt. L 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13, s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt I. SX No. 1656. 73, s. 165(c),[sch. 18Pt.ffl. 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

c. 65 1965. International Monetary Rep Pt. n. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

c.66 Fund Act 1965. Hire-Purchase Act 1965 . 57(2) rep Pt I. 32, s. 18(2), sch.

c.67 Hire-Purchase (Scotland) . 53(2) rep 32, s. 18(2), sch.

c. 72 Act 1965. Matrimonial Causes Act . 22 am 4. 63,8.2(1).

1965. . 24(2Xa) rep. in pt., 36, s. 1, sch.

c. 73 Race Relations Act 1965 (b) am. . 39 am. . 39(9) added (E.) ... . 43(1) rep. in pt. (exc. criminal proceedings). . 43(2) rep. in pt. . 46(2) ext. (prosp.) ... Ss. 1-4, 8(2) rep., (3) rep. 63, s. 2(1). 63, s. 2(2). 64, s. 16(4). 64, s. 16(5). 53, s. 10(3). 71, s. 28(8).

c. 74 Superannuation Act 1965 in pt., sch. rep. Transfer of functions ... SX No. 1656.

c.75 Rent Act 1965 Ext . 99(2) ext. (prosp.) ... Sch. 8 am. ... ■< Pts. I (ss. 1-20), H (ss. 20, s. 7(2). 53, s. 10(3). 65, s. 10(2), sch. 1 para. 4. 71,s. 14(6), sch. 1 para. 3. 23, s. 117(5), sch.

21—29) rep. (E.). . 7 restr. Pt. m (ss. 30-36) am. (E.) exd. ... Ss. 32(1), (4), 34 am. (E.) Pt. IV (ss. 37-42), ss. 43, 46, 47(1) (exc. definitions of "agricultural holding " and " the Minister "), (2), 50, 52 (2), 53(2), (3), schs. 1-5, 6 (exc. paras. 1, 2, 10), 7 Pts. I rep. (E.), n rep. in pt. (E.). 17. 42, s. 9(1). 23, ss. 107,108. 52, s. 5(5). 23, s. 117(2), sch. 15. 23, s.ll7(5), sch. 17.

Effect of Legislation

diii

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1965—cont.

c. 76 Southern Rhodesia Act . 2 Contd. until .I. No. 1697.

16.11.1969.

CA.M.

No. 2 Benefices (Suspension of Presentation) (Continu- Rep. (saving) (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1,

ss. 94, 95, sch.

ance) Measure 1965. 8 para. 9(c), sch. 9.

No. 3 Prayer Book (Miscellane- . 2(1) restr. (prosp.) CA.M. No. 1,

ous Provisions) Meas- s. 74(1).

ure 1965. ext. (prosp.) C.A.M. No. 1, s. 74(2).

1966:

c.8 National Health Service . 11 am. .I. No. 1699.

Act 1966.

c. 9 Rating Act 1966 . 7(4) (5) am. (.) ... . 10(1) rep. in pt., (2X6) 5.1. No. 1079. 5.1. No. 491.

c. 15 Military Aircraft (Loans) . 1(1) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

Act 1966. . 1(3) rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt I.

. 2(1) am . 2(2) rep 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

Pt.1.

c. 16 Public Works Loans Act Rep 13,s.24(2), sch. 6 Pt n.

1966.

c» 17 • • Transport Finances Act Ss. 1(2) rep., (3) rep. in 73, s. 165(c), sch.

1966. pt, 2 rep., 3(3) rep. in pt. 18 Pt. m.

c* 18 • • Finance Act 1966 . 4 rep 44* s. 61(10), sch. 20 Pt. I. 44, ss. 1(3), 61

. 5 rep

(10), sch. 20 Pt. I.

. 9(3X6) subst. 44, s. 10(2).

. 10(9) am. 59, ss. 3, 4(3),

sch. para. 4.

. 12(2X6) am 44, s. 4(1).

. 13 appl. (prosp.) 65, s. 11, sch. 2

para. 9, sch. 4 para. 11(c).

ext. (in pt.) 65, s. 11, sch. 2

para. 48 (1), sch. 3 para. 17,

. 13(2) Table subst. ... sch. 4 para. 15. 44, s. 4(3), sch. 4.

. 13(4X6Xc) am. (prosp.) 65, s. 53(1X6), sch. 11 Pt m.

. 14 appl. (prosp.) 65, s. 11, sch. 2

paras. 20(1X<0, 60(c), sch. 3 para. 9, sch. 4 para. 11(c).

ext. (in pt.) 65, s. 11, sch. 2

para. 48 (1),

sch. 3 para. 17, sch. 4 para. 15.

Ss. 14(2), 15(6), definitions of " gaming ", * gaming " am. 65, s. 53(1X6), sch. 11 Pt. m.

(prosp.).

div

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory

• Instrument

1966:

c. 18—cont. Finance Act 1966—cont. . 35(1) rep. in pt 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1), sch. 11. 3, ss. 83(5), 96(3),

. 35(3) rep. (but see s. 161(3) of 1968 c. 73.

97(1), sch. 11.

(Railways Bd.).

Ss. 35(4) rep.f (5) rep. (saving for s. 36(4)), 37 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1). sch. 11.

.%X«M<Osubst. ... 44, s. 51(1).

Sch. 3 para. 2(2X6) rep.... 44, ss. 4(4), 61

(10), sch. 5

pare. 2(4), sch.

Sch. 6 para. 11(3) rep. in 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1),

pt sch. 11.

para. 13 am. (E.) 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2

and rep. in pt. (£.). Ptm.

Sch. 7 para. 2(3X*) expld. . 7(1) rep. in pt., (3A) 44, s. 26(1).

c. 19 Law Reform (Miscellane- 70, s. 16.

ous Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1966. added.

c. 20 Ministry of Social Se- Ss. 1 rep., 31,32(1) am.... .I. No. 1699.

curity Act 1966. Sch. 2 paras. 9,10 subst.. .I. No. 1118.

11,12,13(1X6) am.

c. 21 Overseas Aid Act 1966... . 1(1) ext 39, s. 5.

. 2(1) am . 2(1) rep. in pt, (2) rep., 13, s. 10(1). 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

(3) rep. in pt Pt. I.

. 2(3) am 13, s. 10(2X6).

. 2(4) rep 13, s. 10(6).

. 7 am 57, s. 4.

c. 27 Building Control Act 1966 Sch. am 73, s. 156(2), sch.

16 para. 9.

c. 28 Docks and Harbours Act . 13 expld 73, s. 153.

1966. . 13(5) exd. (retrosp.) ... . 41 (2H10) expld. ... 73, s. 153(1). 73, s. 156(2), sch. 16 para. 8(2),

(4).

. 41(2X6), (3) am. ... 73, s. 156(2), sch.

. 41(9) rep. in pt 16 para. 8(3). 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 41(9), (10) am. 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

Sch. 1 am .I. No. 1075.

c. 31 Criminal Appeal Act 1966 . 1(1) rep . 1(2X6) subst 19, s. 54, sch. 7. 19, s. 52(1), sch. 19, s. 54, sch. 7.

Ss. 1(8), 4 rep

Ss. 5-7 rep. (E.) 19, s. 54, sch. 7.

rep. (N.I.) 21, s. 54, sch. 5.

. 8 rep 19, s. 54, sch. 7.

. 9(1) rep 20, s. 60, sch. 6.

. 11 rep . 12(2) definitions of 21, s. 54, sch. 5. 19, s. 54, sch. 7.

"the 1907 Act" and

" the 1952 Act " rep. definition of "the 1951 Act " rep. 20, s. 60, sch. 6.

. 12(3) rep. (E.) i 19, s. 54, sch. 7.

Effect of Legislation

dv

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1966:

c. 31—cont. Criminal Appeal Act 1966 . 12(4) rep . 12(5) rep 20, s. 60, sch. 6.

—cont. 21, s. 54, sch. 5. 20, s. 60, sch. 6. 19, s. 54, sch. 7.

. 12(7) rep. in pt. \ Sch. 1 Pt. I rep. / Sch. 2 paras. 1-3, 6-8

rep.

c. 32 Selective Employment Payments Act 1966. . 1 am . l(\)(d)-(d) restr. ... . l(2XuXv),(vi)added... 11, s. 1(2). 11, s. 1(8). .I. No. 1147.

. 2 exd .I. No. 1147.

.2(2Xfl)am.,(3X/),(3A) 44, s. 52(1).

added, (5X<z) am. . 3(2) am 11, s. 1(3X4).

. 3(3) am . 8(2X*), (b), (dW) rep. 73, s. 161(4). 60 s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. I.

. 8(3) am. (E.) 64, s. 17(3), sch.

. 10(3) restr 44, s. 52(6).

Sch. Pt. I para. 14 am.... 73, s. 161(4).

paras. 17 am.. .I. No. 1388.

18 rep. paras. 23-25 73, s. 161(4).

added.

Sch. 1 Pt. 11 am. .I. Nos. 1388,

1622.

Pt. Ill am. .I. No. 1388.

c. 33 Prices and Incomes Act . 2(1X3) am . 5(3) appl 42, s. 4(1).

1966. 42, s. 4(1).

Ss. 7-22 cont 42, s. 1.

Ss. 7(4X5). 9, 11 (exc. 42, s. 4(5), sch. 1.

subs. (3) in pt. (4)) appl.

Ss. 14,15 restr Ss. 20, 22(1X5) appl. ... . 24 rep. . 34(3X4) appl . 34(4) appl 42, s. 3(5). 42, s. 4(5), sch. 1. 66, s. 16(2), sch. 3. 42, s. 4(5), sch. 1. 42, s. 5, sch. 2

Sch. 2 superseded para. 9. .I. No. 616.

Sch. 3 appl 42, s. 4(5), sch. 1.

Sch. 3 para. 2(l)(e) ext.... 73, s. 30(9).

c. 34 Industrial Development . 9 rep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Act 1966. . 13(1) definition of "hover vehicle " am. . 13(3) rep Pt. I. 59, ss. 3, 4(3), sch. para. 7. 32, s. 18(2), sch. 4. 72, s. 106, sch. 9

. 22(4) am. (prosp.) ...

para. 65.

. 23 am. (prosp.) 72, ss. 83(1), 87.

. 24(3), (9X6) am. (prosp.) 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 66.

. 28 rep. 77, s. 22(2), sch. 2

Pt. I.

Sch. 2 am 73, s. 156(2), sch.

16 para. 10.

c. 38 Sea Fisheries Regulation . 9 Power to am. 14, s. 5(1), sch. 3.

Act 1966. . 13(5) rep. in pt. 77, s. 22(1), (2),

(prosp.). sch. 1 para. 37, sch. 2 Pt. n.

clvi

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

1966—cont.

c. 42 Local Government Act . 1 excl. 73, ss. 13(7), 138

1966. (6).

Sch. 3 Pt. II para. 6 rep. 54, s. 19(2), sch.

para. 19 rep. 27, ’s. 59(1), sch. 7. 16, s. 48(3), sch.

c. 44 New Towns Act 1966 ... . 3 rep. (.)

11.

c. 46 Bus Fuel Grants Act 1966 Rep 73, s. 165(c), sch. 18 Pt. m.

c. 49 Housing (Scotland) Act Ss. 1, 2, 5 am. 31, s. 66.

1966. Ss. 74(4), (8), 79(2), 86(7) 31, ss. 68,69, sch.

am. Ss. 86(7) rep. in pt 9 paras. 1-4. 31, ss. 68-70, sch.

9 para. 4, sch. 10.

Ss. 145(6), 146,151(1) am. 31, ss. 68,69, sch.

9 paras. 5-7.

. 165 am. . 168 exd . 174(1) appl 31, s. 66. 16, s. 22(2). 16. s. 6(6).

. 175(1) am. 31, ss. 68,69, sch.

9 para. 8.

Ss. 183,184,191 am. ... 31, s. 66.

Ss. 193, 194 exd. 62, s. 8(7).

Ss. 193(1), 196-198, 200- 31, s. 66.

202 am. . 208(1) definition of 31, ss. 68-70, sch.

"Exchequer contribution " rep. 9.

. 210(2) am. 31, ss. 68,69, sch.

Sch. 9 rep. in pt 9 para. 10. 31, ss. 68-70, sch.

9j>ara. 11, sch.

c. 50 Industrial Re-organisation . 3(1 Xc) added 75, s! 3(1).

Corporation Act 1966. . 3(2) subst 75, s. 3(2).

. 4(2), (3) am. 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 4(4) rep., (5) rep. in pt. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

PL I.

. 4(5) am. 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 8 excl. 32, s. 5(6).

. 8(3) am. 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 9 excl. 32, s. 5(6).

c. 51 Local Government (Scot- . 2 excl 73, ss. 13(8), 138

land) Act 1966. (6).

. 4 saved (prosp.) Sch. 4 Pt 11 para. 5 rep. 49, s. 92(3). 54, s. 19(2), sch. 3. 27, s. 59(1), sch. 7.

para. 17 rep.

1967:

c. 1 Land Commission Act . 3(1) am. 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

1967. . 3(3) rep 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

PL I.

. 3(4) am . 3(5) rep 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

PL I.

. 6(3Xh) am. (prosp.) ... 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 67.

. 6(3Xc) rep. (prosp.) ... 72, s. 108, sch. 11.

Effect of Legislation

clvii

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1967:

c. 1—cont. Land Commission Act Pt HI (ss. 27-85) Power 44, s. 40(2).

1967— to am.

ext. ... 44, s. 40(8).

. 28 mod. (mining leases) 44, s. 40(2).

. 74 ext 44, s. 40(1).

Ss. 81(5Xu), 93 rep. ... 60,s.33(3), sch. 3

Pt I.

Sch. 3 appl. (mod 72,s. 30(2), sch. 3

para. 9.

c.3 Education Act 1967 ... . 1(2) rep. in pt. 17, s. 1(3), sch. 2.

c. 4 West Indies Act 1967 ... . 3(3) appl. ... f 8, s. 2(4). 56, s. 3(5).

c. 9 General Rate Act 1967... . 11 excl . 15 ext . 19 ext . 32(6X7) exd . 32(4Xc) added 73, s. 13(6). 73, s. 13(6). 73, s. 162(4X0). 73, s. 162(3). 73, s. 162(5). 46,s. 78(1), sch. 3 Pt. I. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I. .I. No. 491. 34, s. 33(2). 34, s. 33(5). 34, s. 33(1). 34, s. 36(1). 73, s. 13(5).

. 45(6) am

. 49(8) rep . 49(10) rep . 76(2) appl. (mod.) ... . 77 mod. . 88(5X6) appl . 92(1) am. . 113 am

. 117(7) ext 73,s.l62(4Xo).

Sch. 1 para. 2(c) am. ... 72, s. 106, sch. 9

Sch. 9 paras. 12,13 am.... para. 68. .I. No. 1066.

c. 10 Forestry Act 1967 . 3 am. (E.) 41, s. 23.

restr. (pollution) (E.) 41, s. 38.

. 3(1) am . 9(6) ("public open 41, s. 24(1). 41, s. 24(4).

space ") restr. . 39 am. (E.) 41, s. 23(3).

ext. 41, s. 24(5).

. 46 am. (E.) 41, s. 23(4).

Sch. 2 appl 41, s. 15(5).

Sch. 2 appl. (E.) 41, s. 45(2).

c. 11 Export Guarantees Act Rep 26, s. 11(2).

1967.

c. 12 Teachers* Superannuation . 14 rep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

1967. Pt. I.

c. 13 Parliamentary Commis- . 8(5) am. (E.) 64, s. 17(1X6).

sioner Act 1967. Sch. 2 am .I. Nos. 1656,

1657, 1699, 1859.

rep. in pt. .I. No. 1657,

1699.

ext 72, s. 26(2).

c. 17 ... ... Iron and Steel Act 1967... Ss. 10,13(5) am. . 18(3) am 13, s. 13(6), sch. 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

rep. in pt. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 20(2), (3) am. . 20(4) rep. 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

1 Pt.I.

clviii

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1967:

c. 17—cont. Iron and Steel Act 1967 . 20(5) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

—a>nt. rep. in pt. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

.26(4) am 13, s. 13(6), sch. 5. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

. 26(5), (6) rep.

Pt. I.

c. 19 Private Places of Enter- . 2(3) am 54, s. 19(1), sch.

tainment (Licensing) Act 1967. 2.

c. 20 Housing (Financial Pro- Ss. 1(1M3), 2-10 rep., ll(l)rep.inpt.,(2H6) 31, s. 70, sch. 10.

visions, &c.) (Scotland)

Act 1967. 12-15,16(2), 17(1) definitions of "approved house ", authorised arrangements made with a local authority ", " relevant financial

year", (2) rep., 21(1)' rep. in pt., schs. 1,2,4. 5 paras. 5, 7-9, 12, 13

rep.

c. 22 Agriculture Act 1967 ... Apptd. day for . 22 .I. No. 1539.

(1.10.1968). . 5 saved 29, s. 2(4).

. 38 rep. (E.) 23, s. 117(5), sch.

17.

. 49 excl 34, s. 47.

. 50(3X?XA) added ... 34, s. 47.

. 69(1 Xii) rep. (E.) (.) 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. I.

c. 27 Merchant Shipping (Load Apptd. day for whole Act .I. No. 1108.

Lines) Act 1967. (exc. . 25, sch. 1) (21.7.1968).

. 30(4) rep 32, s. 18(2), sch. 4

c. 28 Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act . 16 rep. (.) (prosp.) ... 12, ss. 21(lXa), 22, sch. 3.

1967.

c. 29 Housing Subsidies Act . 31 rep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. I.

c. 30 Road Safety Act 1967 ... . 9(1X6) am . 14(8Xc) added . 14(9) am 73, s. 148(2). 73, s. 148(3). 73, s. 148(4).

. 16(8)(6) am 73, s. 94(8), sch.

io pt. n.

Ss. 18(4) rep., (prosp.) 33 73, ss. 94(8), 165

(3) rep. in pt., (prosp.) (d), sch. 18 Pt.

sch. 1 para. 19 rep. (prosp.). IV.

c. 32 Development of Inven- Ss. 4, 5 excl 32, s. 5(6).

tions Act 1967. . 7(2) am 32, s. 11.

c. 33 Air Corporations Act . 3 am 61, s. 24.

1967. . 8(1) am 30, s. 1(2).

. 8(2) (3) am . 8(4) rep., (5) rep. in pt. 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

r . 8(5), (6) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

i . 22(1) am 30, s. 1(1).

. 24 am. 61, s. 25(2X6).

Effect of Legislation

clix

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1967:

c. 33—cont. Air Corporations Act . 32 rep. 32, s. 18(2), sch.

1967—cont. 4.

Sch. 1 para. 11 am. 61, s. 25(1).

c. 34 Industrial Injuries and Diseases (Old Cases) Ss. 11(1) rep., 12(2) rep. in pt. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

Act 1967.

c. 35 Fishing Vessel Grants Act Rep 77, s. 22(2), sch. 2

1967. Pt. I.

c. 39 National Health Service Ss. 2(2), 3(1 Xa) rep. in pt. 46, s. 78(2), sch.

(Family Planning) Act 1967. 4.

c. 40 Shipbuilding Industry Act . 3 subst. 32, s. 10.

1967. Ss. 4(6), 10(1) am. 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 10(3) rep 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

Pt. I.

. 10(5) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

. 10(6) rep 13, s. 24(2), sch. 6

Pt I.

. 10(7) am rep. in pt. 13, s. 2, sch. 1. 13,s.24(2), sch. 6

Pt L

. 10(8Xa) am 13, s. 2, sch. 1.

c. 43 Legal Aid (Scotland) Act . 1(6) am. (prosp.) (6A) 49, s. 53, sch. 4

1967. added {prosp.). para. 1.

. 2(1X2) am. ( (3) 49, s. 53, sch. 4

(e), (4XD, (d), (5A) added (prosp.), (6) am. para. 2.

(prosp.). . 20(1) definitions of 49, s. 53, sch. 4

" child ", " parent " added (prosp.). para. 3.

c. 52 Tokyo Convention Act Apptd. day for whole Act .L No. 469.

1967. (exc. s. 2) (1.4.1968). . 7(6) rep. 32,s.l8(2),sch.4.

c. 53 Prices and Incomes Act Ss. l-3expires (31.12.1969) 42, s. 2.

1967. (saving).

restr 42, s. 3(5).

Ss. 1(2X6), 2(2Xc) am. ... 42, s. 3.

. 3(1X2) am. 42, s. 3(3).

. 6(3) subst 42, s. 2.

Finance Act 1967 Sch. paras. 3-5 appl. ... 42, s. 3(4).

c. 54 Apptd. day for s.10 .I. No. 361.

(1.4.1968).

. 1(1X6) rep 44, ss. 10(1), 61

(10), sch. 20 Pt. I.

. 1(2) rep. in pt., (3Xa), 44, s. 61(10), sch.

(d) rep. 20 Pt. I.

. 16(1) rep . 17(8) am 44, s. 61(10), sch. 20 Pt. VI. 44, s. 18(3), sch.

10 para. 1(4).

. 21 rep 3, ss. 96(3), 97(1),

sch. 11.

. 25(1) am 44, s. 52(2) (4).

. 28(2) ext 44, s. 56(2).

. 28(3X4) am 44, s. 56(1).

. 33 am. 44, s. 34, sch. 12

para. 23(5).

. 33(3) rep. in pt. 44, s. 61(10), sch.

1 ! 20 Pt. in.

clx

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

1967:

c. 54—cont. Finance Act 1967—cont. Ss. 41 (exc. subs. (5)), 42 2, s. 6(2), sch.

rep. Schs. 1, 3,4 rep. 44, s. 61(10), sch.

20 Pt. I.

Sch. 7 para. 19 rep. ... Sch. 12 mod. (selective 54,s. 19(2), sch. 3. 44, s. 52(5).

employment tax).

para. 8,10 am.... para. 11 ext ... Sch. 15 para. 1 exd. ... Sch. 16 Pt. IX rep. ... 44, s. 51(3). 44, s. 52(5). 44, s. 40(6). 2, s. 6(2), sch.

c. 55 Road Transport Lighting Ext 61, s. 1.

Act 1967.

c. 56 Matrimonial Causes Act Apptd. day for whole Act (11.4.1968). .I. No. 228.

1967.

c. 58 Criminal Law Act 1967 . 2 ext . 4(7) rep . 7(4) rep 60, s. 12(3). 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 pt m. 69, s. 8(2), sch. 5 Pt. n. 60,8.33(2), sch. 2 Pt. m. 60, s. 33(2), sch. 3 Pt. in.

Sch. 1 List A Div. I para. 2subst. Sch. 1 List A Div. n para. 1, List B para. 13 rep. Sch. 2 paras. 2(1 Xa) rep. 4, 12 rep. in pt., 13(1)

60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Ptin.

(6) rep.

c. 61 Public Works Loans Act . 1 rep 13, ss. 4(3), 24

1967. (2), sch. 6 Pt n. 32, s. 18(2), sch.

c. 64 Anchors and Chain . 1(8) rep

Cables Act 1967. 4.

c. 65 Antarctic Treaty Act 1967 Apptd. day for whole Act .I. No. 886.

(1.7.1968).

c. 68 Fugitive Offenders Act Apptd. day for remaining .I. No. 1988.

1967. provisions of Act

(1.1.1969).

c. 69 Civic Amenities Act 1967 . l(5Xa) am. . 1(6) am. (E.) . l(6X&Xc) rep. (E.) ... . 2 rep. in pt . 3(1X2) am. (E.) ... Ss. 6(2) rep. in pt. (E.) 7 rep. (E.). . 8(1), (2), (3X« am. ... Ss. 9,10 rep. (E.) . 14 Power to mod. ... appl. (mod.) . 14(3) am. (prosp.) ... . 16(1) rep. in pt. (E.) (10.2.1969). 72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 69. 72, ss. 56(1), 57. 72, ss. 57(4), 108, sch. 11. 72, s. 108, sch. 11. 72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 70. 72,s.l08, sch. 11. 72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 71. 72, s. 108, sch. 11. 72, s. 21(2X6). 72, s. 22(3). 72, s. 106, sch. 9 para. 72. 72, ss. 106, 108, sch. 9 para. 73

(a) sch. 11.

. 16(2X3) subst. (E.) 72, s. 106, sch. 9

(10.2.1969). para. 73(6).

Effect of Legislation

clxi

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1967:

c. 69—cont. Civil Amenities Act 1967 . 20 Power to appl. 61, s. 10(1).

—cont. (mod.).

ext 61, s. 10(3).

Ss. 21, 22, 28 Power to 61, s. 10(1).

appl. (mod.).

. 30(1) definition of "the 72, s. 106, sch. 9

Planning Act of 1968 " added. para. 74.

c. 73 National Insurance Act . l(l)(a), sch. 1 rep. ... 14, s. 1(5).

1967.

c. 75 Matrimonial Homes Act Ss. 1(5), 7(1 M3) am.. 23, s. 117(2), sch.

1967. (8) subst., 8(3) am. 15.

c. 76 Road Traffic Regulation Ext 61, s. 1.

Act 1967. . 1 ext. (certain roads) 41, s. 32(2X3).

ext. (Crown roads) 41, s. 32(5H10).

. 1(1) am. {p 73, ss. 126(1),

130(6Xa) sch. 14 Pt. VI paras.

1,2.

. 1(2) rep. in pt. {prosp.) 73, ss. 130(6

165(6), sch. 18 Pt. n.

. 1(3) am. {prosp.) 73, s. 130(6Xo),

sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 3.

. 1(3A) added {prosp.) . 1(3BM3D) added 73, s. 126(2). 73, s. 126(3), sch.

{prosp.). 14 Pt. I.

. 1(5) am. {prosp.) 73, s. 126(4).

rep. in pt. {prosp.) 73, ss. 130(6X6),

165(6), sch. 18 Pt. II.

. 1(6) am. {prosp.) 73, s. 126(5).

. 1(7) excl 4, s. 8(3).

. 1 (8) am. {prosp.) 73, s. 126(2).

. 1(9) added {prosp.)... 73, s. 130(6)(o),

sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 4.

Ss. 2-4 rep. {prosp.) ... 73, ss. 130(6X6),

16516), sch. 18 pt. n.

. 5(1) am. {prosp.) 73, s. 130(6Xo),

sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 5.

. 5(1X2) rep. in pt. 73, ss. 130(6X6),

{prosp.). 165(6), sch. 18 pt. n.

. 5(3) am. {prosp.) 73, s. 130(6X«),

sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 6.

. 5(5X6) rep. {prosp.) ... 73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18

Pt. n.

. 6(1) am. {prosp.) 73, ss. 126(6), 130

(6Xo), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 1.

. 6(2) rep. in pt. {prosp.) 73, ss. 130(6X6),

1 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. n.

4 s

clxii

Effect of Legislation

Session and ). or No.

of.

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1967: c. 76—com.

Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967— cant.

. 6(4) am. (retrosp.)

(prosp

am. (prosp.)

. 7(1) rep. (prosp.)

. 7(2) am. (prosp.)

. 8(1) am. (prosp.)

. 8(2M5) rep. (prosp.)...

. 9(1) am. (prosp.)

. 9(1X2) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

. 9(3) am. (prosp.)

. 9(6X7) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 9(10) subst. (prosp.) ...

. 10 rep. (prosp.)

. 11(2) am. (prosp.) ...

rep. in pt. (prosp.)

. 12(1H4) am. (prosp.)

. 12(2) mod.

. 12(9) am. (prosp.) ...

. 13(3A) added (prosp.) . 15(1) am. (prosp.) ...

. 15(3) rep. (prosp.), (4) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

. 15(4) am. (prosp.) ...

. 15(5) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 15(6) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 15(7) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 20 ext

73, s. 126(7).

73, s. 126(7).

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. n.

73, s. 130(6Xu), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 7.

73, s. 130(6 sch. 14 Pt VI para. 8.

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. n.

73, s. 130(6Xfl), sch. 14 Pt. VI paras. 1, 9.

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18

Pt. n.

73, s. 126(8).

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18

Pt. n.

73, s. 130(6X«), sch. 14 Pt. IV para. 10.

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. II.

73, s. 130(6Xfl), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 11.

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18

Pt. n.

73, s. 126(9).

4, s. 8(1).

73, s. 126(9).

73, s. 129(1).

73, ss. 128(1), 130 (6Xf), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 12.

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. II.

73, s. 130(6Xa), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 13.

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. II.

73, ss. 128(2), 130 (6)(6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. II.

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. II.

61, s. 10(2X3).

Effect of Legislation

clxiii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1967: c. 76—eont. Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967—corn. / . 20(4) added (prosp.). . 26(1) am. (prosp.) . 26(3X4) rep .(prosp.)... . 26(5) subst. (prosp.) . 26(7X8) rep. (prosp.) ... . 26(10) added (prosp.)... . 26A added (prosp.) ... . 27 am. (prosp.) . 28(1) am. (prosp.) ... . 28(7) rep. in pt. (prosp.) . 31(1) am. (prosp.) ... . 32(1 M4) rep. (prosp.) . 33(1) am. (prosp.) ... . 33(1)(a)am. (prosp.)... . 33(1 A) added (prosp.) . 33(2)(tf) rep. in pt. (prosp.) . 33(3) am. (prosp.) ... . 33(4) rep. (prosp.) ... . 33(5) am. (prosp.) ... . 33(5) rep. in pt.(prosp.), (6),(7),(10) . 35(1) subst. (prosp.) ... 73, s. 130(6Xu), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 14. 73, s. 130(6X0), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 15. 73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 73, s. 130(6Xo), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 16. 73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. II. 73, s. 126(10X0). 73, s. 126(10), sch. 14 Pt. H. 73, s. 130(6X0), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 17. 73, s. 130(6X0), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 1. 73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. n. 73, s. 130(6X0), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 1. 73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 73, s. 130(6X0), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 18. 73, s. 128(3). 73, s. 130(6X0), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 19. 73, ss. 128(4), 130 (6)(6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. H. 73, s. 128(5). 73, s. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. II. 73, s. 130(6X0), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 20. 73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. n. 73, s. 130(2), sch. 14 Pt. IV para. 73, s. 127(1). 73, s. 130(2), sch. 14 Pt. IV paras. 2-4.

. 35(1 A) added (prosp.) . 35(2H4) am. (prosp.)

4 T

clxiv

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1967:

c. 76—cont.

Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967—cont.

. 35(5M7) subst. (prosp.)

73, s. 130(2), sch. 14 Pt. IV para.

. 35(8) rep. (prosp.), (9) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18

. 36(1), (2), (e) am. (prosp.).

73, s. 130(2), sch. 14 Pt. IV paras. 6-8.

i

. 36(2X00) added(/»ro5p.) . 37(3X5) am. (prosp.).

. 37(6) added (prosp.).. . 38 rep. (prosp.)

. 39(1) am. (prosp.)

Ss. 39(3H5), 40(1) rep. (prosp.), (2) rep. in pt. (prosp.), (3H8) rep. (prosp.).

. 41(1) am. (prosp.)

. 41(4) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 42(1 Xo) am. (prosp.) 42(1X6), (3) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

. 42(4A) added (prosp.) . 42(8) am. (prosp.)

. 42(9) rep. (prosp.)

. 44(3X<0 added (prosp.) . 44(3A) added (prosp.) . 44(5) am. (prosp.)

. 45(1) am. (prosp.)

. 45(2) rep. (prosp.) ...

73, s. 127(2).

73, s. 130(2), sch. 14 Pt. IV paras. 9, 10.

73, s. 127(3).

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. II.

73, s. 130(2), sch. 14 Pt. IV para. 11.

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. II.

73, s. 130(6Xfl), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 21.

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. II.

73, s. 127(4).

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. n.

73, s. 127(5).

73, s. 130(6Xa), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 22.

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. n.

73, s. 127(6).

73, s. 127(7).

73, s. 130(6Xfl), sch. 14 Pt. VI

nara. 23.

130(6 sch. 14 Pt. VI

para. 24.

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. II.

I

i

i

i

. 52 ext

. 52(5) am. (prosp.) ...

. 52(10) added (prosp.)

. 53 ext

61, s. 10(2X3).

73, s. 130(6Xo), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 23 73, s. 130(6Xa), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 25.

61, s. 10(2).

Effect of Legislation

clxv

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

1967: c. 76—corn.

Short title or Subject

Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967—cont.

How affected

. 53(5)added(prosp.)...

. 55 am.

. 56(1X2) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

. 56(3) am. .) ...

rep. in

. 56A added (prosp.) ...

. 62(1) am. (prosp.) ... . 62(3) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

. 63 am .(prosp.)

am. (E.) (" traffic signs ")•

ext.

. 67 am. (prosp.)

. 68(4) added (prosp.)... . 69(1) am. (prosp.) ... . 69(1 A) added (prosp.) . 70(1 A) added (prosp.) . 73(2) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

. 73(3) am. (prosp.) ...

. 73(3) rep. in pt. (prosp.), (4), (5) rep. (prosp.).

. 74(1) am. (prosp.) ...

Ss. 74(2 Xb)rep. in pt.

(prosp.), (3H6) rep., 76(2X6) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

. 77(1) am. (prosp.) ... . 77(4) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 80(1 )(a) rep. in pt.

(prosp.).

. 80(1 X^H/) added (prosp.).

. 80(5) am. (prosp.) ... . 80(6) am. (prosp.) ... . 81(1) am. (prosp.) ... . 81(2) am. (prosp.) ... . 81 (4A), (4B> added (prosp.).

. 82(1) am. (prosp.) ...

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

73, s. 130(6Xa), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 26.

41, s. 32(8).

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18

pt. n.

73, s. 129(2).

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. II.

73, s. 129(3), sch. 14 Pt. HI.

73, s. 129(4).

73, ss. 130(6)(6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. H.

73, s. 129(4).

41, s. 27(6).

41, s. 32(9).

73, s. 130(6)(o), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 27.

73, s. 129(5).

73, s. 129(6).

73, s. 129(7).

73, s. 129(8).

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. H.

73, s. 130(6Xa), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 1.

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. H.

73, s. 130(6X?), sch. 14 Pt. VI para. 1.

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165g), sch. 18

73, s. 126(11 XA

73, ss. 126(11X6), 130(6X6), 165 (6), sch. 1* Pt

n.

73, ss. 130(6X6), 131(1), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. It.

73, s. 131(1X6).

73, s. 131(2).

73, s. 131(3).

73, s. 131(4).

73, s. 131(5).

73, s. 131(6).

73, s. 129(9).

clxvi

Effect of Legislation

Session and

Chap, or No.

of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or

Statutory

Instrument

1967: c. 76—cont.

Road Traffic Regulation Act 1967—cont.

. 82(3) am. (prosp.)

73, ss. 129(9), 130 (6X«), sch. 14

. 84(1) am. (

. 84(1 X66) added {prosp.) . 84(2) rep. (prosp.)

Pt. VI para. 28. 73, s. 130(4).

73, s. 130(3).

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18

Pt. D.

. 84(3) am. (prosp.)

73, s. 130(6Xa). sch. 14 Pt. VI

Ss. 84A-84E added

(prosp.).

. 85(2XaXii) am. (prosp.) . 86(1) am. (prosp.) ...

. 86(3M5) added (prosp . 87 am .(prosp.)

para. 29.

73, s. 130(5), sch.

14 Pt. V.

73, s. 127(8).

73, s. 127(9).

73, s. 127(10).

73, s. 130(6Xfl), sch. 14 Pt. VI

. 94(1) am. (prosp.) ...

. 97 excl

. 97(2) am. (prosp.) ... rep. in pt. (prosp.)

. 97(6) ext. (orders) (prosp.).

. 101(1) am

Ss. 104(1) definition of "designation order " rep. in pt. (prosp.), 106(1) rep. (prosp.), (3) rep. inpt. (prosp.).

. 108A added

. 113(2) rep. in pt. (prosp.).

Sch. 3 para. 2 am. (prosp.)

Schs. 4 rep. (prosp.), 6 rep. in pt (prosp.).

Sch. 8 para. 7 am. (prosp.)

para. 30.

73, s. 130(6Xn), sch. 14 Pt VI para. 31.

41, s. 32(7).

73, s. 126(12).

73, ss. 127(11), 130(6X6), 131 (1), 165(b), sch. 18 Pt. n.

73, s. 126(12).

59, ss. 3, 4(3), sch. para. 4. 73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18

Pt. n.

73, s. 132.

73, ss. 130(6)(6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. n.

73, s. 126(9).

73, ss. 130(6X6), 165(6), sch. 18 Pt. n.

73, ss. 130(6Xfl), sch. 14 Pt. VI

c. 77

Police (Scotland) Act 1967.

Sch. 8 paras. 14-18 added

(prosp.).

. 8(3) excl

. 17(1)(6) mod. (compulsory measures of care) (prosp.).

. 41 am.

Sch. 4 rep. in pt.

para. 32.

73, s. 130(6X«), sch. 14 Pt. VI

para. 33.

71. s. 27(5)(6). 49, s. 38(2).

27, ss. 17,18, sch. 1 paras. 5,8,9, sch. 2 paras. 18,19.

27, s. 59(1), sch. 7.

Effect of Legislation

clxvii

Session and Chap, or No.

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or

Statutory

Instrument

1967 —c

c. 80 ...

... Criminal Justice Act 1967

Apptd. day relating to criminal appeals am. (1.9.1968).

. 9 exd

. 32(5) rep

. 40 ext.

. 81(1X6) am. ( .)...

Pt. V (ss. 85-88) rep. ...

.I. No. 325.

67, s. 112(9), sch.

3 para. 26.

19, s. 54, sch. 7. 19, s. 11(4).

69, s. 1, sch. 3 para. 4(3).

27, s. 59(1), sch. 7.

Ss. 97, 98(1M5) rep.

. 98(6X7) rep. (N.I.)

. 98(7) rep. (E.)

. 106(3Xd) rep. in pt.

. 106(2XA (3X*) i«P.

inpt.

Sch. 4 paras. 1-8 rep.

paras. 9-15 rep..7. paras. 16-19, rep. paras. 20,23,24(a)

it. ...

rep.'I

>• J

19, s. 54, sch. 7. 21, s. 54, sch. 5. 19, s. 54, sch. 7. 21, s. 54, sch. 5.

19, s. 54, sch. 7.

21, s. 54, sch. 5.

20, s. 60, sch. 6. 19, s. 54, sch. 7.

c. 81 ... c. 83 ...

c. 84 ...

c. 85 ... c. 86 ...

... Companies Act 1967 ...

... Sea Fisheries (Shellfish) Act 1967.

... Sea Fish (Conservation) Act 1967.

... Vessels Protection Act 1967.

... Countryside (Scotland) Act 1967.

rep.

para. 25(a) rep.... para. 28 rep. para. 29 rep. paras. 31, 32 rep. paras. 33-35 r«>., 36, 37 rep. (E.). paras. 36, 37 rep.

(NX), paras. 38 rep., 39 rep. (E.). para. 39 rep. (NX)

para. 40 rep.

para. 41 rep.

Sch. 6 paras. 4,22,27 rep. . 126 rep

. 1 am

. 13(4) am

Sch. 1 para. 4(6) am. ... Sch. 2 rep. in pt. .)

. 1(3H5) subst.

. 15(1) rep. inpt. {prosp.)

. 15(3K7) replaced {prosp.).

. 21 rep.

. 22(1) definition of "British sea - fishery officer " am. {prosp.). Rep

. 67 ext.

21, s. 54, sch. 5.

19, s. 54, sch. 7. 21, s. 54, sch. 5.

20, s. 60, sch. 6. 19, s. 54, sch. 7.

21, s. 54, sch. 5. 19, s. 54, sch. 7.

21, s. 54, sch. 5.

19, s. 54, sch. 7.

20, s. 60, sch. 6.

21, s. 54, sch. 5. 19, s. 54, sch. 7. 32, s. 18(2), sch.

77, s. 15.

59, ss.3,4(3), sch. nara. 4.

77,s!l5(7).

77, s.22(2), sch. 2

Pt. n.

77, s. 16.

77, s. 22(1), (2), sch. 1 para. 38 (2), sch. 2 Pt.

n.

77, s. 22(1), sch. 1 para. 38(3).

32, s. 18(2), sch. 4.

77, s. 22(1), sch. 1 para. 39.

60, s. 33(3), sch. 3 Pt. I.

41, s. 25(9).

clxviii

Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1967—cont.

c. 88 Leasehold Reform Act Ss. 1(4), 4(1 Xu), 16(1) (d) 23, s. 117(2), sch.

1967. am. 15.

. 28(6) am. .) ... 72, s. 106, sch. 9

para. 75.

. 37(1 X*) rep 23, s. 117*5), sch.

17.

. 37(6) am. 23, s. 117(2), sch.

15.

. 39(1 Xa), (6X0 rep. ... . 39(1)(6) (ii) am. 23, s. 117(5), sch. 17. 23, s. 117(2), sch.

15.

. 39(1 Xc) rep 23, s. 117(5), sch.

17.

. 39(2), sch. 2 para. 3(2), 23, s. 117(2), sch.

(3), sch. 5 paras. 3, 4 15.

(1M5), 6(5), 7(1), 8(2)-(4) am.

Sch. 5 para. 9 rep. 23, s. 117(5), sch.

17.

10(1) subst., 23, s. 117(2), sch.

(2) am. 15.

c. 90 Family Allowances and Apptd. days for whole Act .I. No. 17.

National Insurance Act . 1(1) rep 40, s. 1(1).

1967. . 1(2) rep 40, s. 1(2)(6).

. 1(3) rep 40, s. 1(3).

Sch. 1 Pt. I rep. 40, s. 1(2X6).

Sch. 2 Pt. I rep. 40, s. 1(3).

1968:

c. 2 Provisional Collection of . 1(1) am 44, s. 51(2).

Taxes Act 1968. . 1(4)(6) am 44, s. 60.

c. 3 Capital Allowances Act Pt. I (ss. 1-89) ext. ... 44, s. 21(9).

1968. . 75(2) ext 44, s. 21(9).

. 78 excl 44, s. 21(9).

. 83(4) rep. in pt. 73, s. 165(c), sch.

18 Pt. HI.

. 83(4Xc) subst. Sch. 8 para. 10(1X<t) am. 73, s. 161(3). 73, s. 161(1).

c. 7 London Cab Act 1968 ... (retrosp.). Apptd. day for s. 4(1M5) .I. No. 597.

(15.7.1968).

c. 9 Commonwealth Immi- . 5 expld 59, ss. 3, 4(3),

grants Act 1968. sch. para. 1.

. 5 appl. (mod.) (Jersey), .I. Nos. 300-

(Guernsey), (Isle of Man). 302.

c. 13 National Loans Act 1968 . 6(2) appl . mm, (5) rep. ... 31, s. 23(2). 26, s. 11(2).

c. 14 Public Expenditure and Apptd. day for s. 1(1) .I. No. 598.

Receipts Act 1968. (6.5.1968). . 5 Transfer of functions .I. No. 1656.

c. 16 New Towns (Scotland) . 7 expld. 34, s. 14(2).

Act 1968. Sch. 6 para. 4 mod. 34, s. 14(3), sch. 4

para. 5.

c. 18 Consular Relations Act . 1(3) am 48, s. 12(2).

1968.

c. 19 Criminal Appeal Act 1968 . 30 ext. . 30(1H3) rep. inpt. ... 60, s. 28(5). 60,s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. III.

. 42 ext. 60, s. 28(5).

Effect of Legislation

clxix

Chapter of 1968

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1968:

c. 19—cont. Criminal Appeal Act . 42(4) iep 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

1968—cont. Pt. III.

. 47 rep. 19, s. 47(7).

c. 20 Courts-Martial (Appeals) . 51 rep. 20, s. 51(8).

Act 1968.

c. 23 Rent Act 1968 . 22(2) restr 42, s. 9(1).

Sch. 16 para. 14 rep. 23, s. 117(3), sch.

(prosp.). 16 para. 14(3).

c. 27 Firearms Act 1968 Ss. 5, 12(2) Transfer of .I. No. 1200.

functions. . 17(3) rep., (5) rep. in pt. 60, s. 33(3), sch. 3

Pt. m.

. 31 am. .I. No. 1200.

. 32(1) subst. (E.), (3A) .I. No. 1753.

added (E.).

. 34(3) am . 35(1X3) am. (E.) ... 5.1. No. 1200. 5.1. No. 1753.

. 38(2) am .I. No. 1200.

Sch. 1 paras. 4 subst., 7 rep., 8 am. 60, s. 33(2), sch. 2 Pt. in.

Sch. 6 Pt. Iam. .I. No. 1200.

c. 29 Trade Descriptions Act Ss. 2(5), 22(2) am. (prosp.) 67, s. 135(1), sch.

1968. 5 paras. 16,17.

c. 32 Industrial Expansion Act Sch. 1 am 73. s. 156(2), sch.

1968. 16 para. 12.

c. 40 Family Allowances and Apptd. days severally fixed for .I. .I. No. 1060.

National Insurance Act 1968.

c. 41 Countryside Act 1968 ... . 16(2X3) ext . 16(6Xc) am . 32 saved 73, s. 111. 73, s. 111. 73, s. 149(1), (6). 42, s. 13(4), sch.

c. 42 Prices and Incomes Act Expires (exc. ss. 2, 12) (31.12.1969) (saving).

1968. 3.

c. 44 Finance Act 1968 . 2(1X*) rep 73, s. 165(c), sch. 18 Pt. m.

c. 45 British Standard Time Ss. 1-3 expired 45, s. 4(2).

Act 1968. (31.10.1971).

c. 46 Health Services and Pub- Apptd. days for certain .I. Nos. 1362,

lic Health Act 1968. specified provisions (E.) (.). Ss. 13(4) rep. (prosp.), 44 rep. (.) (prosp.), 45 (12) rep. (prosp.). 1387. 49, ss. 14(4), 95 (2), sch. 9 Pt. I.

Ss. 59(1), 61 am. .I. No. 1699.

Ss. 64,65 excl. (prosp.) ... 49, s. 10(5).

c. 62 Clean Air Act 1968 Apptd. day for certain .I. Nos. 1922,

specified provisions 1941.

(1.4.1969) (E.) (.).

c. 64 Civil Evidence Act 1968 Apptd. day for ss. 11, 12 (2.12.1968). .I. No. 1734.

c. 65 Gaming Act 1968 Apptd. day for s. 11(1), .I. No. 1784.

sch. 2 paras. 2(2), 4, 35 (29.11.1968).

c. 67 Medicines Act 1968 Ss. 1(1 Xa), 5(2), 120(4) .I. No. 1699.

am.

c. 69 Justices of the Peace Act Apptd. day for certain .I. No. 2035.

1968. specified provisions

(1.2.1969).

c. 70 Law Reform (Miscellane- Apptd. day for ss. 10-12 .I. No. 1958.

ous Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1968. (1.1.1969).

clxx

Effect of Legislation

Session and Chap. or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1968 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1968—cant. c. 71 c. 72 c. 73 Race Relations Act 1968 Town and Country Planning Act 1968. Transport Act 1968 . 27(9Xa) Transfer of functions. Apptd. day for certain specified provisions (6.12.1968). (1.1.1969). Apptd. days for certain specified provisions. Sch. 16 paras. 3, 6 rep. (prosp.). .L No. 1656. 5.1. No. 1908. 5.1. No. 1909. 5.1. No. 1822. 73, ss. 94(8), 165 (d), sch. 18 Pt.

INDEX

TO THE

Public General Acts

AND

CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES, 1968

[Index removed.]

