1925

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

PASSED IN THE FIFTEENTH AND SIXTEENTH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE THE FIFTH;

BEING THE

FIRST SESSION OF THE THIRTY-FOURTH PARLIAMENT

OF THE

UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN

AND IRELAND

WITH A

TABLE OF THE TITLES, THE EFFECT OF LEGISLATION

AND AN INDEX.

(IN TWO VOLUMES)

VOLUME II.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS, CHAPTERS 31—91,

TABLE OF THE EFFECT OF LEGISLATION, and

INDEX.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE, Limited,

FOR WTLLIAM RICHARD CODLING, Esq., C.V.O., C.B.E.,

THE KING’S PRINTER OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT.

To be purchased directly from H.M. STATIONERY OFFICE at the following addressses:

---

Adastral Houae, Kinssway, London, W.C. 2; 28, Abingdon Street, London, S.W. 1;

York Street, Manchester; 1. St. Andrew’s Crescent, Cardiff;

or 120, George Street, Edinburgh;

or through any Bookseller.

Price for the ttvo Volumes

£1 Is. Od. Net.

CONTENTS.

VOLUME I.

Page

Table I. — Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Session - iii

The Public General Acts, Chapters 1 — 30 - 1

VOLUME II.

The Public General Acts, Chapters 31 — 91 - 1021

Table II. — The Effect of Legislation - 1837

Table III. — Index to the Public General Acts - 1877

1925. Protection of Birds Act, 1925. Ch. 31. 1021

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to provide for the further protection of birds.

[28th May 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

[Illegal

1.—(1) If any person shall use as a decoy any live bird which is tethered or is secured by means of braces method of

or other similar appliances or which is blind, maimed, or

injured, or shall use bird-lime or any substance of a

like nature for the purpose of taking or capturing alive

or attempting to take or capture aHve any wild bird,

he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

(2) When any person is convicted of any offence

under this section, the court may, in addition to any

penalty that may be imposed, order any live decoy bird

used by such person for the purpose of taking or

attempting to take any wild bird to be forfeited and

disposed of as the court may direct.

[Illegal confinement of

2.—(1) If any person shall keep or confine a bird in any cage or other receptacle which shall not measure sufficient in height, length and breadth to permit the

said bird freely to stretch its wings, he shall be guilty

of an offence against this Act.

(2) This section shall not apply to poultry within

the meaning of the Poultry Act, 1911, or to any bird i&2 Geo.5.

kept or confined in a cage or other receptacle which does c. 11.

not comply with the conditions mentioned in the last

preceding subsection—

(a) Whilst being conveyed by land or water; or

(b) Whilst being shown for the purpose of public

exhibition or competition if the time during

which it is so kept or confined does not in the

whole exceed seventy-two hours.

3. If any person shall be guilty of an offence against Penalties,

this Act, he ^aU be liable upon summary conviction

3 S *

1022 Ch. 31, 32.

Short title

and extent.

Prolongation of

10 & 11

Geo. 6. c. 17.

and Part II.

of 13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 32.

Protection of Birds 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

to a fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds, or alternatively, or in addition thereto, to be imprisoned wjjih or

without hard labour for any term not exceeding three

months.

4.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Protection of

Birds Act, 1925.

(2) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

(3) The provisions of this Act shall be in addition

to and not in derogation of the provisions of any other

enactment imposing penalties for offences of cruelty to

birds.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to prolong the duration of the Increase

of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions)

Act, 1920, as amended by any subsequent enactment, and to postpone the date of expiry of

Part II. of the Rent and Mortgage Interest

Restrictions Act, 1923, and for purposes

consequential thereon.

[28th May 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; —

1. — (1) The Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest

(Restrictions) Act, 1920, as amended by any subsequent

enactment, shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth

day of December, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven,

and in Scotland until the twenty-eighth day of May,

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight.

(2) Part II. of the Rent and Mortgage Interest

Restrictions Act, 1923, shall continue in force until five

years after the expiration of the Increase of Rent and

Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920, so amended

as aforesaid.

1925. Berd and Mortgage Interest ‘ Ch. 32.

{Restrictions Continuation) Act, 1925.

(3) Accordingly the Rent and Mortgage Interest

Resfltictions Act, 1923, shall have effect as if—■

\a) in section one thereof for the reference to the

t^nty-fourth day of June, nineteen hundred

and twenty-five, there Were substituted a

reference to the twenty-fifth day of December,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven;

(6) in section two thereof for the words "after the

twenty-fourth day of June, nineteen hundred,

and twenty-six " there were substituted the

words " not earher than one year after the date

" fixed at the time at which the lease is granted

" for the expiration of the principal Act ";

(c) in section seventeen thereof for the reference to the twenty-fourth day of June, nineteen hundred

and thirty, there were substituted a reference to

five years after the expiration of the principal

Act';

(d) in section twelve thereof for the references to the twenty-fourth day of June, nineteen

hundred and twenty-five, there were substituted references to the day at the end of

which the principal Act expires;

(e) in section nineteen thereof at the beginning of

paragraph (a) there were inserted the words

" the twenty-eighth day of May, nineteen

" hundred and twenty-eight, shall be substituted

" for the twenty-fifth day of December, nineteen

" hundred and twenty-seven."

2. This Act may be cited as the Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions Continuation) Act, 1925; and the

Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Acts, 1920 to 1924, and this Act may be cited together as the Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Acts, 1920 to 1925.

1023

Short title.

1024

Ch. 33.

Stipend to

be payable

only in

money.

Standard

value of

victual stipend.

Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925..

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to amend the law relating to ^einds and

to the Stipends of Ministers of the Church of

Scotland, and the tenure of the Property and

Endowments of that Church, and for purposes

connected therewith.

[28th May 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Stipend and Teind.

1, Subject to the provisions of this Act, every stipend

which in any way or to any extent depends upon fluctuations in the price of victual (hereinafter in this Act

referred to as " victual stipend") shall cease so to depend,

and shall be payable only in money at the standard value

thereof as hereinafter defined.

The substitution of the standard value of a victual

stipend for the value thereof according to the present law

and practice is hereinafter in this Act referred to as the

" standardisation " of the stipend and the expressions

" standardised " and " date of standardisation " have

corresponding meanings.

2. —(1) The value in money of victual stipend shall

for each county in Scotland be determined % adding

to the former county average value of the different

kinds of victual in which such stipends are localled

an increase of five per centum of that average value,

and for the purposes of this section the former county

average value of any kind of victual shall be deemed

to be the average v^ue of that kind of victual for that

county for the fifty years 1873 to 1922, as ascertained—

(a) In the case of the kinds of victual mentioned in

the First Schedule to this Act, by reference to the

V

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33. 1025

{Properly and Endowments) Act, 1925.

values set out therein, or where for any county

% the value of any such kind of victual is not so set

« out, then by reference to the value of such -other

kin^of victual for that county or to the value of the same kind of victual for such other county

or counties as the Court of Session may select,

and by Act of Sederunt prescribe, as being most

suitable in the circumstances of the case; and

(h) In the case of any kind of victual not mentioned

in the First Schedule to this Act, in accordance

with the provisions set out Lq the Second

Schedule to this Act.

(2) In the application of the foregoing provisions of this section to a particular parish, regard shall be had to

any special method of calculation of stipend customary

in that parish (including calculation of a stipend locaUed

in Bear by reference to the fiars price for first or second

Barley) and the sheriff may give such instructions to the Clerk of Teinds as he may deem to be necessary or

proper for this purpose upon application made to him by

any minister or presbytery or heritor concerned at any

time before the expiry of six months after the date of

standardisation. If no such application is then made in

respect of any parish, this subsection shall not have effect

with respect to that parish. Intimation of any such application shall be made to such persons as the sheriff may

appoint. The decision of the sheriff shall be final unless

an appeal therefrom shall be taken to the Lord Ordinary

by the applicant or by any person appearing in the

application in manner provided by the Ecclesiastical 31 & 32Viot.

Buildings and Glebes (Scotland) Act, 1868, with respect c. 96.

to appeals from the sheriff to the Lord Ordinary under

that Act, and the provisions of that Act relating to such

appeals shall, with the necessary modifications, apply to

appeals under this subsection, and the clei’k to the process

in appeals rmder this subsection shall be the Clerk of

Teinds.

(3) The value in money of any victual stipend, as

the same may be determined under subsection (1) of this

section subject to any variation under subsection (2)

thereof along with the value of any money stipend is in this Act referred to as the " standard value " of that stipend.

% 3 T

1026

Ch. 33.

Date of

standardisation of

stipend.

Standardisation by

election.

Standardisation by

notification.

Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

3. The date of standardisation of a stipend shall be

the term of Martinmas which shall first occtir nq^i less

than six months after the date when the benefice becomes

actually vacant or is deemed to have becoi^ vacant by

election or by notification as hereinafter prodded. In the

case of a benefice which is actually vacant at the passing

of this Act the date of standardisation shall be the term

of IVTartinmas, nineteen hundred and twenty-five.

The words " becomes actually vacant " shall not

include the occasion where a minister is succeeded by an

assistant and successor appointed to him before - the

passing of this Act, but shall include the occasion where

a minister is succeeded by an assistant and successor

appointed to him after such passing.

4. Any minister who at the passing of this Act is

entitled to a victual stipend may elect that the stipend

shall be standardised, and if he so elects he shall intimate

his election in writing in the formi set forth in the Third

Schedule to this Act or in a similar form to the

heritors to the clerk of the presbytery and to the General

Trustees, and in such case the benefice shall for the

purposes of this Act be deemed to have become vacant

by election at the date of the said intimation.

Where at the passing of this Act an assistant and

successor has been appointed to a minister entitled to

a victual stipend, either the minister or the assistant

and successor with the consent of the assistant and

successor or of the minister (as the case may be), or

failing such consent with the authority of the presb; ^ery

may elect and intimate his election as aforesaid.

5. —(1) It shall be lawful for the General Trustees

to intimate in writing to the minister of any parish who

is entitled to victual stipend and to the clerk of the

presbytery and to the heritors that the victual stipend

is to be standardised and in such case the benefice shall

for the purposes of this Act, but subject as hereinafter

in this section provided, be deemed to have become

vacant by notification at the date of the said intimation:

Provided that the General Trustees before making such

intimation shall have given to the minister an imdertaking

that (notwithstanding such standardisation) the amoimt of

1925. Church of Scotland’Ch. 33. 1027

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925..

his stipend according to the present law and practice will

continue to be paid to him by the General Trustees until

he ceases to be minister of the parish and that the right

(if any) of^iis widow or other representatives to Ann

will, in the event of his death, be satisfied, and the obligations contained in any such undertaking shall be duly

fulfilled by the General Trustees, who shall be indemnified by the General Assembly to such extent (if- any) as

may be necessary having regard to the amount of

money at the disposal of the Trustees for that purpose:

Provided always that if at any time during the currency

of such an undertaking the minister intimates to the

General Trustees in terms of the section of this Act

relating to standardisation by election, his election that

his stipend should be standardised, such intimation

shall have effect as in that section provided and the

undertaking shall cease to operate.

(2) In the application of the foregoing subsection to

a benefice where an assistant and successor has been

appointed to the minister before the passing of this Act,

the word " minister " shall include and refer to that

assistant and successor as well as the minister: Provided that the undertaking to be given by the General

Trustees to the assistant and successor shall include his

interest in the stipend so long as he remains assistant

and successor as well as after he succeeds the minister

should that event occur, but shall not include any right

with respect to Ann.

6. With respect to a parish where separate benefices Collegiate exist and both the ministers are entitled to victual charges, stipend, except where in such parish there are no surplus teinds, the foregoing provisions of this Act shall have effect subject to the following modification, namely, that neither of the benefices shall be deemed to be or to become actually vacant or to have become vacant by election or notification, unless the other benefice was actually vacant at the passing of this Act, or shall thereafter have become actually vacant or been deemed to have become vacant by election or notification.

7. Any stipend which has been standardised imder Vesting of the provisions of this Act shall as on and from the date standard-

of standardisation vest de die in diem in the minister ised stipend.

« 3 T 2

1028

Ch. 33.

Payment o£

standardised stipend.

Provisions

as to i^nn.

Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

entitled thereto without prejudice to the payment of any

stipend vested in him or in any former incumbent of the

benefice according to the present law and practice and

subject to the satisfaction of any claim for Ann on the

part of the widow or other representatives m a deceased

incumbent: Provided that in the case of a benefice

which is deemed to have become vacant by notification

the foregoing provision^ shall not have effect unless and

until the benefice becomes actually vacant or is deemed

to have become vacant by election.

8. —(1) As from the date of standardisation any

stipend which has been standardised under the provisions

of this Act shall be payable by the heritors to the General

Trustees half-yearly at the terms of Whitsunday and

Martinmas each half-yearly payment being in respect of the half-year preceding the date of payment subject to the following exceptions, namely—

(a) that the first half of the standardised stipend

for the year beginning on the date of standardisation shall not become payable until the term

of Lammas in that year; and

(h) that the second half of the standardised stipend

for that year shall not become payable till the

term of Candlemas in the following year.

(2) Where as hereinafter in this Act provided the

standard value of the stipend as shown by the teind

roll is constituted a real burden or has been redeemed

or extinguished as the case may be, the provisions of this

section shall cease to have effect, and with respect to

payments under this section due or payable before that

event, the General Trustees shall have aU the powers of

recovery which according to the present law and practice

a minister has with respect to his stipend.

9. —(1) Neither the widow nor any other representative of any minister admitted after the passing of this Act to any benefice in the Church of Scotland shall be

entitled to Ann.

(2) The foregoing provision shall, so far as respects

any right in name of Ann to any stipend standardised

imder the provisions of this Act, apply to the widow and

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33. 1029

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

other representatives of any minister admitted before the

passijig of this Act where the benefice is deemed to have

becojjie vacant by election and the minister survives the

date of stan^rdisation by one year or more.

(3) Save as in this Act expressly* provided, nothing

contained therein shall affect or be construed to affect

the right which the widow or other representatives of a

deceased minister has or have by the present law and

practice to one half year’s stipend in name of Ann.

10.— (1) On the passing of this Act the present Augmenta-

law relating to augmentation of stipend shall cease to *^9"

have effect without prejudice ito any application for

augmentation competently made before such passing or

to anything following on such application or done

therein.

(2) The minister or the General Trustees as the

case may be to whom a stipend or a standardised stipend

is payable may—

(a) if not less than twenty years shall have elapsed

since the date of the last application for

augmentation of the stipend; or

(b) upon the expiry of twenty years from the date

of the last application for augmentation of the

stipend or upon the expiry of ten years from

the passing of this Act, whichever of these two

events shall first occur;

apply to the Lord Ordinary to find whether there are

surplus teinds available for an augmentation. No such

application may be made after the expiry of eleven

years from the passing of this Act.

(3) If the Lord Ordinary (whose decision shall be

final and not subject to review) finds that there are

surplus teinds so available, the minister or the General

Trustees, as the case may be, shall be entitled to receive

as from the first term of Martinmas following the date

of the application an augmentation according to the

following scale:—

(a) Where the stipend as last modified by the Court

of Teinds does not exceed twenty-five chalders,

an alimentation of six chalders; and

1030

Ch. 33.

Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

(1) Where the stipend as so modified exceeds

twenty-five chalders but is less than thirty

chalders, an augmentation of five chalders; ^and

(c) Where the stipend as so modifi^ is thirty

chalders or upwards, an augmentation of four

chalders.

The foregoing augmentation of six, five or four

chalders, as the case may be, shall be converted and

localled in sterling money according to the standard

value, the order of allocation being in accordance with

the present pra|Ctice.

If the amount of the available surplus teinds as

ultimately ascertained in the localling of the augmentation among the heritors is insufficient to meet the

foregoing augmentations, the augmentation shall be

hmited to the amount so ascertained.

(4) As from the date when a minister or the General

Trustees, as the case may be, becomes or become

entitled to an augmentation under this section, the

amount of the augmentation shall be added to the

stipend and shall be payable and recoverable in like

manner.

(5) The provisions set out in the Fourth Schedule

to this Act shall have effect with respect to augmentations under this section and any decree of locality

following thereon.

(6) An augmentation under this section shall come

in place of all future rights of augmentation and shall be

final.

(7) In the event of the Lord Ordinary finding that

there are no surplus teinds available for an augmentation,

neither the minister nor the General Trustees shall be

entitled to make any further application.

(8) In the application of this section to a parish

where separate benefices exist and both ministers are

entitled to victual stipend—

(a) the expression "the date of the last application

" for augmentation of the stipend " shall, in

cases where applications for augmentation were

last made at different dates, mean the later of

those dates; and

9

1925.

Ch. 33.

1031

Church of Scotland

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

(6) the expression "the stipend as last modified by

• " the Court of Teinds " shall mean the stipend

of each or either of the two benefices taken

separately.

11.—(1) There shall be prepared by the Clerk of

Teinds for every parish in Scotland a teind roll specifying

in sterling money—

(a) The total teind of that parish; and

(b) The amount of that total applicable to the lands

of each heritor; and

(c) The value of the whole stipend payable to the minister, so far as payable out of teinds

including vicarage teinds payable as stipend

and surrendered teinds so payable; and

(d) The proportion of that value payable by each

heritor in the parish.

(2) The said teind rolls shall be prepared and issued

as soon as may be practicable, and the provision's of the

Fifth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect

to the preparation, issue, and adjustment of the teind

rolls.

(3) The Court of Session .shall make by Act of

Sederunt, vdth the approval of the Treasury, such rules

and regulations as may in the judgment of the Court

from time to time be necessary to regulate the amount

of the fees to be paid to the Clerk of Teinds in connection

with the preparation, issue, and adjustment of the

teind rolls and the time and place of the payment of the said fees. The expenses of the preparation, issue

and adjustment of the teind roll, including where a

state of teinds is necessary the expense of the preparation thereof, shall be apportioned among the heritors

(including any heritors whose teinds have been valued

and surrendered before the date of standardisation) in

proportion to the amount of the total teind applicable

to the lands of each heritor. The share of such expenses

apportioned to any heritor, other than a heritor whose

teinds have been valued and surrendered as aforesaid

shall be payable by such heritor, and the share of such

expenses apportioned to any heritor whose teinds have

been valued and surrendered as aforesaid shall be payable

by the General ykmstees.

Teind rolls.

1032

Ch. 33.

Charge to

be substituted for

liability for

stipend

exceeding

one pound.

Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Eridowments) Act, 1925.

12. Where the standard value (as shown by the

teind roll of a parish) of the stipend exigible from the

teinds of any lands of a heritor in that parish whi^h are

comprised in one entry in the teind roll exceeds the sum

of one pound—

(1) ' the amount of such standard value shall by

virtue of this Act be constituted as at and from

the first term of Whitsunday or Martinmas

which shall occur after the date when the

teind roll becomes final a real burden (in this Act referred to as the " standard charge ") on

the lands from the teinds of which the said

stipend is exigible in favour of the General

Trustees preferable to aU other securities or

burdens not incidents of tenure;

(2) the amount of the standard charge shall

be payable by equal half-yearly instalments

at the terms of Whitsunday and Martinmas

each half-yearly instalment being in respect of the half year preceding the date of payment

and the said instalments shall be recoverable

by the same means and in the like manner as

any feu-duty out of the said lands would be

recoverable;

(3) the standard charge over any lands may at any

time after the completion of the teind roll

be redeemed by and in the option of the

heritor of those lands or other person liable in

respect of the standard charge either (a) for

such consideration or in such manner as may

be agreed upon between the person liable and

the General Trustees, or (&) at any term of

Whitsunday or Martinmas after three months ’

notice either (i) by payment to the Trustees of

such a sum as would if invested at the time of

payment in Consolidated 2} per cent, annuities

produce an annual sum equal to the standard

charge, or (ii) by transfer to the General

Trustees of such an amount of Consolidated

2i per cent, annuities as would produce an

annual sum equal to the standard charge;

(4) upon the redemption of the standard charge as

aforesaid any claim upon the heritor or other

person in respect of such stane^rd charge shall

1925.

Church of Scotland

{Property and Endoumients) Act, 1925.

Ch. 33.

1033

cease and be extinguished and the lands from

• which the same was exigible shall be disburdened

* thereof in all time coming and an entry to that

effect shall be made in the teind roll which

shalfbe sufficient evidence of the discharge of the burden.

13. A standard charge shall from its constitution Allocation

continue a real burden on the whole of the lands subject of standard

thereto, and on every part of those lands notwithstand-

ing any disposition of the lands or any part thereof

imless and until intimation of an allocation of the

standard charge has been made in writing by the

General Trustees and the disponer or his representatives

to the Clerk of Teinds, who upon receiving such an

intimation shall forthwith make the necessary entry in

the teind roll.

If as the result of any such allocation the portion

of a standard charge so allocated upon the lands

disponed or remaining a real burden on the lands

retained by the disponer does not exceed one pound,

the disponer or his representatives shall within three

months after the date of the entry in the roll redeem

the same by payment to the General Trustees of a sum

equal to the amount so allocated or remaining a burden

multiplied by twenty; and if the portion of the

standard charge so allocated or remaining a burden

exceeds one pound but is less than fifteen pounds,

that portion of the standard charge shall as from the

date of the entry in the teind roll be increased by five

per centum.

14. Subject to the provisions of the next succeeding

section of this Act, where the standard value (as shown

by the teind roll of a parish) of the stipend exigible from

the teinds of any lands of a heritor in that parish which

are comprised in one entry in the teind roll does not

exceed the sum of one pound:—

(1) the heritor or other person hable in payment of the said stipend shall redeem the same either

(a) at the first term of Whitsunday or

Martinmas which shall occur not less than

three months after the date on which the

teind roll of the parish becomes final for such

consideration or in such manner as may be

agreed upon between the person so hable and

the General Trustees; or

Provisions

where

stipend

does not

exceed one

pound.

1034

Ch. 33.

Extinction

of liability

for stipend

not exceeding one

shilling.

Valuation

and surrender of

teinds.

Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

(6) by pa 3 Tnent to the General Trustees at

the said term of Whitsunday or Martitimas

of a sum equal to the standard value gf the

said stipend multiplied by eighteen; or

(c) by pa 3 Tnent to the General Trustees,

along with each half-yearly payment of the

said stipend during a period of eighteen years

commencing at the said term of Whitsunday

or Martinmas, of a redemption instalment

equal to seventy-five per centum of the half-

yearly payment of the stipend, which redemption instalment shall be recoverable by

the General Trustees in the same manner as

the half-yearly payment of the stipend:

(2) Upon the redemption of a stipend as aforesaid

any claim upon the heritor or other person in

respect of such stipend shall cease and be

extinguished and an entry to that effect made

in the teind roll shall be sufficient evidence of the redemption.

15. Where the standard value (as shown by the

teind roll of a parish) of the stipend exigible from the

teinds of all the lands of a heritor in that parish, whether

those lands are comprised in one or in more than one

entry in the teind roll does not exceed the sum of one

shilling, any claim for or in respect of the stipend

upon the heritor or other person hable in payment

thereof (other than a claim for payments already due)

shall, notwithstanding any law or practice to the contrary, cease and be extinguished as at the first term of

Whitsunday or Martinmas which shall occur not less

than three months after the date on which the teind roll

of the parish becomes final.

16. —(1) After the passing of this Act, the provisions

set out in the Sixth Schedule to this Act which relate to the obtaining of valuations of teinds and the surrender

of valued teinds shall have effect for those purposes and

the present law and practice relating thereto shall cease

to apply but without prejudice to any proceedings taken

before the passing of this Act or to any proceedings

which may be taken within three years after the

passing of this Act for the approbation of reports of

sub-commissioners relating to the valuation of teinds.

(2) Where the aimual agricultural val]^e of any lands

has been ascertained in accordance with the provisions

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33. 1035

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

set out in the said schedule -one-fifth part of that value

shall the valued teind of those lands in all time coming.

(3^ Where no application for the ascertainment of '

the annual agricultural value of any lands, the teinds of

which have not been valued, is made in accordance with

the said provisions and within the period thereby prescribed, the value of such teinds specified in the teind

roll for the parish in which the lands are situate shall

be deemed to be accepted by acquiescence, and shall be

the valued teind of those lands in all time coming.

17. As from the date of standardisation of any Deduction

stipend which has been standardised under the pro- of stipend

visions of this Act, the heritor of any lands from the in question

teinds of which the stipend or any part thereof is exigible titular,

shall, in any accounting in respect of those teinds with

the titular thereof, be entitled to deduct the amount of the standardised stipend exigible from those teinds, or

of any standard charge coming in place of such stipend

or any part thereof, whether or not such stipend or part

thereof, or standard charge, has been redeemed or

extinguished.

18. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Sale of

Act of the Scots Parliament, 1693, c. 23 (an Act renewing surplus

the commission for plantation of kirks and valuation of teinds.

teinds), or in any other enactment or in any charter,

grant or deed, it shall be lawful after the passing of this Act for the titular or any other person having right of

titularity to sell surplus teinds on such terms as may be

agreed upon between him and the heritor.

Nothing in this section shall prejudice or affect the

provisions of the Acts of the Scots Parliament, 1633,

c. 17 (anent the rate and price of teinds), and 1690, c. 23

(concerning patronages) or any other enactment at

present in force authorising the sale of sm’plus teinds.

19.—(1) The charges and payments described in the Provisions

Seventh Schedule to this Act and any other payments to certain

to or on behalf of the Church or the General Assembly

or any committee or institution of the Church or any

minister which at the passing of this Act are charged dated Fund,

on and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the

United !^ngdom shall thenceforth be paid to the General

Trustees in such manner as may be directed by the

Treasury. .

1036

Ch. 33.

Constitution,

powers and

procedure of

Scottish

Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

Church of ScMland, 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endoumients) Act, 1925.

(2) The Treasury may at any time contract for the

redemption of all or any of the payments referred to in

the preceding subsection by payment to the (general

Trustees of such capital sum or sums as may be agreed

between the Treasury and the General TrdStees.

(3) —(i) The Treasury may from time to time borrow

from the National Debt Commissioners and those Commissioners may lend to the Treasury such capital sum or

sums as may be necessary for carrying into effect any

contract made in pursuance of the immediately preceding

subsection.

(ii) For the purpose of repaying any such loan the

Treasury may create in favour of the National Debt Commissioners a terminable annuity for a period not exceeding

twenty years from the date of the loan to be calculated

with interest at such rate as may be agreed.

(iii) Such annuity shall be notified by certificate

under the hand of the Comptroller or Assistant Comptroller and the Actuary of the National Debt Office and

shall be charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the

United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof.

Part II.

Scottish Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

20. — (1) Such persons not exceeding five in number

as His Majesty may appoint shall be Commissioners

under this Act for the purposes aftermentioned, and shall

be styled the Scottish Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

One of the Commissioners being a person who holds or

has held judicial office shall be appointed Chairman.

12) The Commissioners shall hold office during His

Majesty’s pleasure. If a vacancy occurs in the number

of the Commissioners by reason of death, resignation,

incapacity or otherwise. His Majesty may appoint some

other person to fill the vacancy, and so from time to

time as occasion requires.

(3) The Commissioners may act by any one or

more of their body and notwithstanding any vacancy

in their number; but if any person aggrieved by an

order or decision of one Commissioner so requires, the

order or decision shall be reconsidered on re-hearing

by not less than three Commissioners, t

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33.

{Proxterly and Endowments) Act, 1925.

(4) The procedure, place of meeting, and authentication of documents of the Commissioners shall be

regulated in such manner as the Commissioners determine.

(5) The Commissioners may examine witnesses on

oath, and for enforcing the attendance of witnesses,

the examination of witnesses and the production of

hooks and documents, shall have aU such powers, rights,

and privileges as are vested in any of His Majesty’s

Courts of Law.

(6) The Commissioners may appoint or employ a

secretary and such other officers and persons and with

such remuneration as they think necessary, and may

remove any person so appointed or employed.

(7) The salaries and remuneration of any persons

so appointed or employed, and all expenses of the

Commissioners incurred in the execution of this Act,

shall be paid out of moneys to be provided for that

purpose by the General Assembly.

21.—(1) The Commissioners may, after such inquiry

in each individual case as they may think fit, make such

orders as they may consider necessary or proper for any

of the following purposes, that is to say:

(a) for giving effect to the schemes framed by the

Commissioners under the provisions of this Act

relating to burgh churches, including the modification of the Act 23 & 24 Victoria, chapter 50,

entitled "An Act to abolish the annuity tax

" in Edinburgh and Montrose, and to make

" provision in regard to the stipends of the

" mmisters in that city and burgh, and also

" to make provision for the patronage of the

" church of North Leith, " and of any other

local or personal Act, decree of the Court of

Session or Court of Teinds or agreement relating

to the burgh churches;

(b) for the transfer to the General Trustees of the

parliamentary churches and manses under the

provisions of the section of this Act relating

to parliamentary churches and manses;

(c) for the transfer to the General Trustees of the

churches and manses of the parishes mentioned

in the i^ighth Schedule to this Act;

1037

Orders of

Commissioners.

1038 Cii. 33. Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

(d) for the transfer to the General Trustees of

endowments referred to in the section «f this Act relating to endowments in certain parishes

quoad omnia;

(fi) for framing and giving effect to s(5iemes relating

to churches and manses with respect to which

the sheriff may, as heremafter provided, find

and declare that the case ought to be dealt with

by the Commissioners;

(f) for giving effect to the provisions of the section

of this Act relating to the transfer of rights in

glebes;

(g) for framing and giving effect to a scheme or

schemes under the provisions of the section of this Act relating to allocation by General

Trustees of certain moneys to be received

from Treasury;

(h) for the protection and preservation of any

church or other ecclesiastical building which

is for the time being used for ecclesiastical

purposes, and which the Commissioners may,

upon application made to them by the Royal

Commission on Historic Monuments in Scotland

or any person interested, consider to require

special provisions in the public interest with

respect to maintenance and access;

(t) for the transfer to and administration by the

General Trustees of any capital sum fixed or

awarded and invested by way of commutation

27 & 28 of fish teinds tmder the provisions of the Fish

Vict. c. 33. Teinds ^Scotland) Act, 1864;

(j) for the transfer to a kirk session of communion

plate or other ecclesiastical furnishings in use

in a church or by a congregation in any case

in which a right of property in the plate or

other furnishings is claimed by any public

body;

(k) for any other matter or thing which the Commissioners consider to be necessary or proper in

connection with any of the purposes aforesaid.

(2) Any such order shall have effect as if enacted

in this Act, and may be recorded in the Register of

Sasines. •

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33. 1039

{Property and Endowmerds) Act, 1925.

(3) In respect that the Act 23 & 24 Victoria,

chapter 50, imposed an obligation on the town council

of Edinburgh to grant a bond of annuity for the annual

sum of four thousand two himdred pounds to the Edinburgh EcclesiSlstical Commissioners for the purposes of the said Act, and in respect that the Act 33 & 34

Victoria, chapter 87, empowered the said town council

to redeem the said bond of annuity by a payment to the

said Commissioners of the sum of fifty-six thousand five

hundred pounds and that the said bond of annuity was

so redeemed by the payment of the said sum to the said

Commissioners, nothing contained in this Act or in any

order to be made by the Commissioners under the provisions of this section shall impose or be deemed to impose

any further financial obligation or liability on the said

town council in relation to the burgh churches situated

within the burgh of Edinburgh, and any liability or

obligation incumbent on the said town council in connection with the upkeep and maintenance or restoration

or renewal of the burgh churches situated within the

said biirgh or payment of stipend to the ministers thereof

shall be deemed to have been fulfilled and shall be at

an end.

22. With respect to the churches mentioned in the Burgh

Ninth Schedule to this Act (in this Act referred to as churches.

" burgh churches ") the following provisions shall have

effect:—

(1) As soon as conveniently may be after the passing

of this Act the Commissioners shall inquire into

all circumstances relating to existing rights of

property in the fabrics and sites of the burgh

churches, and any manses or other subjects

connected therewith, and in any churchyards

connected with the burgh churches, the stipends

of the m in isters thereof and any funds, endowments, pew rents or assessments from which the

stipends of the ministers, the maintenance of the churches and other subjects, and any other

expenditure in connection therewith is defrayed,

and shall thereafter frame schemes for the future

ownership, maintenance, and administration of the burgh churches and other subjects and the

payment of stipend to the ministers:

1040 Ch. 33. Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endovmients) Act, 1925.

(2) Every such scheme shall make provision for—

(a) the transfer to the General Trustees of

aU riglits of property vested in or belonging

to the magistrates or the town council of

any of the burghs within which the burgh

churches are situated in the fabrics and sites

of the burgh churches and of any manses and

other subjects connected therewith, and in

any churchyards connected with the burgh

churches, and for the transfer to the General

Trustees of the duty of maintaining any

property so transferred;

(b) the transfer to the General Trustees of

all or any property held for church purposes

by or on behalf of the magistrates or the

town council of any of the burghs within

which the burgh churches are, situated;

(c) the periodical payment to the General

Trustees of aU sums which are at present

paid or payable by the magistrates or town

council of any of the said burghs in respect

of the stipends of the ministers of the burgh

churches and (so far as the Commissioners

consider this to be equitable and reasonable)

of all sums which are at present paid or

payable by the magistrates or town council

of any of the said burghs in respect of the

ownership and maintenance of the fabrics

and sites of the churches and manses, or other

subjects connected therewith;

(d) the redemption of such periodical payments by the payment to the General Trustees

of a capital sum or by the creation of terminable annuities or of sinking funds;

(e) the transfer to the General Trustees of

any property heritable or moveable held by

any public body (whether statutory or otherwise) or person other than the magistrates or

town council for the benefit of the minister

of any of the burgh churches by way of

stipend;

(f) the protection of the interests of the

ministers or assistants and successors who at

1925.

Ch. 33.

1041

Church of Scotland

{Property and Endovoments) Act, 1925.

the passing of this Act are incumbents of the

benefices of the burgh churches;

(g) the protection (so far as the Commissioners consider this to be praeticable) of the interests of town councils in the brngh

churches as regards sittings allotted to the

town councils for their use, the right to

have the church hells rung on special occasions, and the preservation of any other

similar right or privilege hitherto enjoyed by

the town councils;

(h) the General Trustees before selling,

feuing, or otherwise alienating a burgh church,

and the site thereof, giving to the town

coxincil of the burgh in which such burgh

church is situated an opportunity of acquiring

the same on such terms and conditions as

may be agreed upon or as, faihng agreement,

may be determined by an arbiter to be

appointed by the sheriff on the application

of either party provided as follows:—

(i) The price to be paid to the General

Trustees by the town council shall not

exceed such a sum as would be necessary

to reinstate the church on a new site

within the municipal boundaries of the

burgh in which such burgh church is

situated, should it in the judgment of the

General Trustees be necessary to provide

at the time a new church within the

municipal boundaries of such bmgh;

(ii) In the event of it being unnecessary

in the judgment of the General Trustees

to provide at the time a new church such

as aforesaid the price to be paid to the

General Trustees by the town council shall

not exceed such a sum as would be necessary

to reimburse the General Trustees for all

expenditure incurred by them subsequent

to the passing of this Act, and ■within

forty years prior to the date of the sale,

for the repair, enlargement, or renewal of

3 U

1042 Ch. 33. Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

such burgh church, or part thereof, or

as the case may be to liquidate anj^ outstanding debt or obligation incurred or

undertaken by the General Trustees relative

to any such repair, enlargement, or renewal •

(so far as such expenditure, debt, or

obligation has not been met out of any

periodical payment made by the magistrates

or town council of such burgh for the

maintenance of such burgh church, or out

of any capital sum, terminable annuity,

or sinking fund paid in respect of the

redemption thereof), and to meet the

expenses of the necessary conveyance:

(3) The General Trustees shall not be entitled to

sell, feu, or otherwise ahenate any of the burgh

churches or the site thereof to any person

unless they shall have previously offered to

convey such church or site to the town

council of the burgh in which such church is

situated, on the same terms and conditions as

they may be prepared to accept from such

person, and the town council have failed to

reply to the offer within a period of one month

from the date thereof, or have within that

period declined to accept the offer:

(4) The provisions of this Act in regard to the

transfer to the General Trustees of aU rights

of property in any churchyards connected with

the burgh churches, and the duty of maintaining

any churchyards so transferred, shall not apply

to the churchyards of Greyfriars and Canon-

gate in the bingh of Edinburgh, or to the

churchyard of St. David’s or Ramshorn in the

burgh of Glasgow, or to the churchyards of

St. Mcholas and St. Clements in the burgh of

Aberdeen, which churchyard’s shall continue to

belong to and be maintained by the tow

councils of the said burghs, respectively:

(5) In the application of paragraphs (6), (c), and

(d) of subsection (2) of this section to any

scheme framed with respect to any of the

burgh churches the Commissioners shall have

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

regard to the conditions contained in the

, decree of disjunction and erection of the burgh

church:

(6) When all matters contained in the scheme

rela^g to a burgh church have been duly

carried out and implemented all liability or

obligation incumbent on the magistrates and

town council of the burgh in which a burgh

church is situated, in connection with the

upkeep and maintenance of such burgh church

and payment of stipend to the minister thereof,

shall be deemed to have been fulfilled and

shall be at an end, subject only to the payment

of any capital sum, terminable annuity, or

sinking fund for the redemption of any periodical

payment made by such magistrates or town

council in connection with the maintenance of

such church and the stipend of the minister

thereof.

23, With respect to the churches and manses

mentioned in the Tenth Schedule to this Act (which

together with any land whether described as churchyard,

glebe, or otherwise connected with the said churches and

manses are in this Act referred to as " parliamentary

churches and manses ") the following provisions shall

have effect:—

As soon as conveniently may be after the passing

of this Act the Commissioners shall inquire

into all circumstances relating to existing rights

of property in the fabrics and sites of the

parliamentary churches and manses, and to the

maintenance thereof whether imder the provisions of the Act 5 George IV., Chapter 90,

and any conveyance or other deed relating to

any of the said churches and manses in favour

of the Commissioners under the said Act or

under any decision of the Court of Teinds or

otherwise, and the Commissioners shall thereafter by order provide for the transfer to the

General Trustees of the fabrics and sites of the

said churches and manses, and of aU powers

and duties with respect to the maintenance

and repair of the said fabrics and the allocation

of sitting accommodation in the said churches.

3U 2

1043

Parliamentary

churches

and

manses.

1044

Ch. 33.

Churches

and

manses of

certain

parishes

erected

under Act of

1844 .

Endowments

in certain

parishes

quoad

omnia.

Parish

' churches,

Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endoumients) Act, 1925.

24. With respect to the churches and manses of the parishes quoad omnia mentioned m the Eighth.

Schedule to this Act, the following provisions shalthave

effect:—

As soon as conveniently may he after the passing

of this Act the Commissioners shall inquire

into aU circumstances relating to existing rights

of property in the fabrics and sites of the

chiuches and manses of the parishes aforesaid,

and to the maintenance thereof whether under

any e?; isting titles relating to the said churches

and manses or otherwise, and the Commissioners shall thereafter by order provide for the

transfer to the General Trustees of the fabrics

and sites of the said churches and manses, and

of all powers and duties with respect to the

maintenance and repair of the said fabrics, and

the allocation of sitting accommodation in the

said churches.

26. Where in the case of a parish quoad omnia (not

being one of the parishes quoad omnia mentioned in the

Eighth Schedule to this Act) there exists any mortification or other endowment not derived from teinds

which is for the benefit of the minister by way of

stipend, the Commissioners shall, upon application made

to them by the General Trustees, inquire into all

circumstances relating to such endowment, and may

thereafter by order provide for the transfer of the

endowment to the General Trustees;

Provided that, except in the case of a benefice

which is actually vacant at the passing of this Act, any

order made by the Commissioners under this section

shall not take effect unless or until the benefice shall

have become actually vacant after such passing.

Part III.

Transfer of Parish Churches, Manses, Glebes and

Churchyards.

26. With a view to the transfer to and vesting in

the General Trustees of aU rights of property in and

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33. 1045

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

duties of maintenance or extension with respect to the manses,

churches, manses, and glebes of parishes quoad omnia glebes and

(othej than the churches and manses of the parishes church-

quoad omnia mentioned in the Eighth Schedule to this Act), the transfer to and vesting in the respective

parish councils of aU such rights in and duties with

respect to the churchyards of such parishes, and the

extinction of all such rights and duties as aforesaid

heretofore belonging to and incumbent upon heritors

or ministers, the foBowing provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect, and shall apply to such parishes

only.

27, No proceedings relating to any of the matters Proceedings

mentioned in section three of the Ecclesiastical Buildings relating to

and Glebes (Scotland) Act, 1868, shall be instituted or

entertained before or by any presbytery or any court of section 3

law or the Commissioners except as hereinafter in this of 31 & 32

Act provided. The foregoing provision shall be deemed Vict, c, 96.

to have had effect as on and from the first day of

February, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, but without

prejudice to any proceedings instituted before that date

or to the enforcement of any order, finding, judgment,

interlocutor, or decree made, given, or pronounced

therein, or to any contract or agreement made by

heritors before that date or to any resolution passed

by heritors to levy an assessment to meet expenditure

incurred in pursuance of such contract or agreement,

and any such assessment shall be recoverable as if

this Act had not been passed.

28. —(1) Where the General Trustees are of opinion ^ansfer of

that any church or manse is not in a reasonable state of rights in

tenantable repair and that the duty of executing repairs Parish

is incumbent upon heritors, the General Trustees may manses,

agree with the heritors concerned for the repair of the

same by or at the expense of the heritors or for the

payment by the heritors to the General Trustees of a sum

of money in Ueu of repair, and failing agreement the

General Trustees may within three years after the passing

of this Act apply to the sheriff for an order directing

the heritors to carry out such repairs (if any) not

involving structural alterations as he may consider

necessary, or if the General Trustees so require to pay to the General Trustees such sum of money in lieu of

repair as the sheriff may determine. The sheriff shall

1046

Ch. 33. Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endoumenta) Act, 1925.

deal with any such application in a summary manner and

his decision shall be final. •

(2) Any heritor concerned or the General Trustees

may apply to the sheriff for a certificate that aU obligations incumbent on the heritors with respect to the church

or manse of a parish have been fulfilled, and the sheriff

shall deal with the application in a summary manner and

shall issue a certificate to that effect if the General Trustees

state or admit that all such obligations have been fulfilled,

or if failing such statement or admission, he is satisfied

either that any agreement or order made as aforesaid has

been implemented, or that notwithstanding the absence of

any such agreement no application has been made for

such an order within three years after the passing of this Act, or that any application for an order so made has

been refused. The certificate may be in or as nearly as

may be in the form set out in the Eleventh Schedule

to this Act, and shall contain or refer to a description

of the subjects whether church or manse to which it relates

and may be recorded by the General Trustees or by any

heritor concerned in the appropriate Register of Sasines.

(3) When a certificate issued by the sheriff under

this section has been recorded as aforesaid—

(a) any liability or obligation incumbent on any

heritor in connection with the subjects to which

the certificate relates shall be at an end except

the obligation or liability to assess or to be

assessed for the repayment of any debt existing

at the date of the certificate; and

(b) all rights of property in the said subjects shall

by virtue of this Act and without the necessity

of any further conveyance vest in and belong to the (^neral Trustees, to the same effect as if

a complete feudal title holding of the Crown in

free blench farm for payment of a penny Scots

yearly if asked only had been duly constituted

in favour of the General Trustees.

(4) Whereas in certain parishes, town councils in their

capacity as town councils, or other public bodies (whether

statutory or otherwise) or kirk sessions or persons are

imder the present law and practice or by Royal Warrant,

charter, agreement or custom liable along with or in place

of the heritors in obligations relating to the church or

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33. 1047

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

manse, it shall be lawful, in any such case, for the presbytery er the General Trustees or any other person con-

ceme«l to apply to the sheriff to find and declare that the

case ought to be dealt with by the Commissioners, and if

the sheriff so finds and declares the provisions of this

section shall have no further application to the case, and

the Commissioners shall as soon thereafter as conveniently

may be inquire into all circumstances relating to existing

obligations in respect of the fabric and site of such

church or manse and the maintenance of such fabric,

and by order provide for the transfer to the General

Trustees of the said fabric and site, and of aU powers and

duties with respect to the maintenance and repair of the

said fabric.

(5) If in any application to the sheriff under this

section a question arises as to whether or not the church

or manse to which the application relates is the church

or manse of a parish within the meaning of this section,

that question shall be determined by the sheriff in a

summary manner, and his determination shall be finaL

(6) Whenever in any parish it shall be necessary

in consequence of anything done, or agreed, or ordered

to be done under or in pursuance of this section to

impose any ecclesiastical assessment upon lands and

heritages in the parish, and such assessment is imposed

according to the real rent thereof, the following provisions shall have effect, in lieu of the provisions of

section three of the Ecclesiastical Assessments (Scotland) 63 & 64 Vict.

Act, 1900 c. 20.

(a) No part of such assessment shall be imposed or

levied upon lands and heritages occupied solely

as the church and accessory buildings or bury-

ing-ground attached of any religious body, or

as the dwelling-house with offices or garden or

glebe land attached of the minister of such

church;

(b) The rental on which each heritor shall be assessed

shall be his total rental within the parish as

appearing in the valuation roU (whether such

rental consists of one or more subjects), but

subject to deduction of the sum of thirty

pounds;

(c) The amount of the deficiency created in the

total amount of the assessment, by allowing

1048

Ch. 33.

Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

[Property and Endomnents) Act, 1925.

the said deduction of thirty pounds to every

heritor, shall be defrayed by the GeJneral

Trustees; •

(d) No heritor, who by reason of any ^exemption or

deduction allowed by this subsection is relieved altogether from assessment in respect

of the execution of any repair, or in respect of

any payment by the heritors in lieu of repair,

shall be entitled at any meeting of the heritors

to take part in the discussion of, or to vote

upon, any question concerning any plans for

or the execution of the said repair, or the

defra 5 dng of the expenses of the same, or any

question concerning an agreement involving

payment by the heritors in lieu of repair.

(7) Whenever in any parish it shall be necessary in

view of anything to be done or agreed, or in consequence

of anything done or agreed, or ordered to be done under

or in pursuance of this section to call a meeting of

heritors, a circular letter containing an intimation of the

meeting shall be sent twenty-one clear days before the

meeting to every laiown heritor whose total rental '

within the parish as appearing in the valuation roll

(whether such rental consists of one or more subjects)

exceeds the sum of thirty pounds, and intimation of the

meeting shall also be given by advertisement in a

newspaper circulating in the parish once during each of

two successive weeks and within the said' period of

twenty-one days.

(8) Subject to the modifications in the two immediately preceding subsections of this section the

existing law and practice relating to heritors’ meetings

and ecclesiastical assessments shall apply to meetings of

heritors to be held and ecclesiastical assessments to be

imposed under, or in consequence, or pursuance of this

section.

Bights with

respect to

sitting accommodation in

parish

churches.

29. On the expiry of one year from the date on which

any church is by or in pursuance of this Act transferred

to the General Trustees the right of allocating sitting

accommodation in the chmch, whether with or without

payment therefor, and the right of disposal of any proceeds

therefrom shall belong to the ku'k session, or to such other

body as the General Assembly may direct and any existing

right to such accommodation shall cease and terminate.

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33. 1049

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

30. With respect to glebes, the following provisions Transfer of

shall have effect:— rights in

(1) It shall be the duty of the clerk of every presbytery

withyi one year after the passing of this Act to

furnish to the Commissioners a list of the glebes

appropriated to the ministers of the parishes in

the presbytery, and of any cases where a

minister has accepted or is entitled to any

annual payment in place of glebe, and at the

same time to intimate in which cases (if any)

it is claimed by the presbytery (whether on the

representation of the minister concerned or

otherwise) that the heritors concerned have not

fuUy implemented the obligations incumbent

on them according to the present law and

practice with respect to the provision and

enlargement of a glebe;

(2) As soon as conveniently may be after the receipt

of the said lists, the Commissioners shall inquire

into all circumstances relating to existing rights

of property m the glebes, and in any payments

in place of glebe, and shall thereafter make

orders relating to the glebes and payments:

(3) Every such order shall make .provision for—

(a) the implement by the heritors of any obligations incumbent on them as aforesaid which

have not already been implemented; and

(h) the transfer to and vesting in the General

Trustees of the ownership of the glebes; and

(c) the preservation of the existing rights of all

persons other than the heritors or the

minister of the parish who, under or in

pursuance of any general' or local Act of

Parliament or otherwise, have acquired any

right in any glebe or any part thereof, whether

as purchasers, feuars, or tenants, and the

payment of any feu-duties, casualties, or

rent to the General Trustees in place of the

minister; and

(d) the manner in which—

(i) any burden upon the glebe created

under section eighteen of the Glebe Lands 29 •'4 30 Vict.

(Scotland) Act, 1866; and c. 71.

1050

Ch. 33.

4&5 Geo.6.

c. 48.

Redemption

of feu duty

affecting

glebe.

Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endotmnents) Act, 1925.

(ii) any of the costs, charges and expenses

referred to in that section which ha•^ not

been made a burden on the glebe •

may he dealt with, discharged and extinguished; and

(e) the transfer to the General Trustees of any

feu-duties and Government or other securities

or investments representing the price or

consideration received for any glebe or part

thereof or right therein under or in pursuance of the Glebe Lands (Scotland) Act,

1866, the Feudal Casualties (Scotland) Act,

1914, or any other general or local Act of

Parliament, or any decree of the Court of

Teinds, or any grant or contract validly

made by a minister and held by any persons

acting as trustees in trust for the payment

of the income to the minister of the parish;

and

(f) the conversion into a money payment of any

right of pasturage over any lands which is

possessed by the minister as minister of the

parish, and the redemption of that money

payment, if the heritor or heritors concerned

so desire, in such marmer as may be agreed

upon between the General Trustees and such

heritor or heritors, or as, failing agreement,

may be fixed by the Commissioners; and

(g) the protection of the interests of the ministers

or assistants and successors who at the

passing of this Act are incumbents of the

benefice of any parish.

31. Where the glebe or any part thereof has been

feued to the proprietors of conterminous lands in terms

of section seventeen of the Glebe Lands (Scotland)

Act, 1866, and the feu-duty payable therefor has been

transferred to the General Trustees by an order made

by the Commissioners, the said proprietors or their

successors shall be entitled to redeem the feu-duty

affecting the glebe or any part thereof—

(a) for such consideration or in such manner as

may be agreed upon between the person hable

and the General Trustees; or

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33. 1051

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

(6) at any term of Whitsunday or Martinmas after

• three months’ notice either—

• (i) by payment to the Trustees of such a

suiTj as would, if invested g-t the time of

payment in Consolidated pet cent, annuities

produce an annual sum equal to the feu

duty; or

(ii) by transfer to the General Trustees of

such an amount of Consolidated per cent,

annuities as would produce an annual sum

equal to the feu duty.

32.—(1) The property of any churchyard heretofore Transfer of

held by the heritors of any parish shall as at and from the parish

passing of this Act by virtue of this Act and without church-

the necessity of any further conveyance be transferred

from the heritors and vested in the parish council to the

same effect as if the churchyard had been as at that date

transferred the heritors to the council in pursuance of

subsection (6) of section thirty of the Local Government 57 & 68 Vict.

(Scotland) Act, 1894: Provided that due regard and o. 58.

respect shall be had by the parish council to the memory

of the dead and the wishes of their relatives before any

ground already allocated as a burial ground shall be

treated as being vacant and unoccupied ground and

re-allocated by the parish council as the burial place

for another family or for the interment of another

body: Provided also that in addition to the powers and

duties by the said subsection transferred from the

heritors to the parish council the power or duty of

enlarging or extending the churchyard and assessing

for the cost of such enlargement or extension shall also

be so transferred and for the purpose of providing

ground for such enlargement or extension or additional

accommodation in a suitable and convenient situation,

the parish council shall have and may exercise aU the

powers relating to the acquisition of land for burial

grounds contained in the Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 18 & 19 Vict.

1855, and the costs of providing, maintaining, and

managing ground so acquired, so far as they require to

be defrayed out of any rate, shall be a charge on the

poor rate or the assessment under the said Act of 1855,

as the parish council may determine: Provided further

that where any churchyard transferred to a parish

cotmcil by or in pursuance of this Act surrounds or

1052 Ch. 33. Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

adjoins any church or other ecclesiastical building

vested in the heritors or in the General Trustees ^r in

any other body holding the same in trust fog the

purpose of worship or for preservation as an ancient or

historic monument— •

(a) the churchyard shall be held subject to a right

of access to the minister and the congregation

attending the church, and such other persons

as may resort thereto for the purpose of public

or private worship, or of inspecting or repairing

the church, or for any other lavdul purpose;

and

(b) no funeral shall be allowed to take place during

the usual time of the ordinary services in the

chinch; and

(c) any road or path through the burial ground

shall be kept in good and sufi&cient repair by

the parish council; and

(d) where the use of part of the churchyard is

required for the enlargement or repair of the

church it may be so used in any case where it

might lawfully have been so used if this Act had

• not been passed and subject to the like conditions

and restrictions, and where used for the purpose

of the enlargement of the church the part so

used shall thereupon vest in the heritors or the

General Trustees or other body holding the

church as aforesaid,

(2) The provisions relating to the sale of the right

of burial contained in section eighteen of the Burial

Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1855, shall apply to any

churchyard transferred to a parish council by or in

pursuance of this Act, and to any enlargement or

extension thereof.

(3) Where the powers and duties confeired and

imposed by the Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1855,

are exercised and carried out by a local authority other

than the parish council, the foregoing provisions of this

section shall, with the necessary modifications, have

effect as if that authority were named therein instead

of the parish council, and any expenses of the local

authority due to the operation of this section shall be

defrayed in the same manner as .expenses under the said

Act of 1855. Where in any parish the powers and duties

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33. 1053

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

confeiTed and imposed by the said Act of 1855 are

carried out by more than one local authority, this subsection shall be held to refer to the local authority carrying

out the said powers and duties within the district where

the churchyard is situated.

(4) Where the property of a churchyard is held by

the kirk session of the parish the foregoing provisions of this section shall, with the necessary modifications, have

effect as if the kirk session were named therein and in

subsection (6) of section thirty of the Local Government

(Scotland) Act, 1894, instead of the heritors.

(5) —(a) Where a churchyard of a parish has been

closed—

(i) either before or after the passing of this Act

under the Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1855, 60 & 61 Vict,

or as a result of proceedings under the Public 38.

Health (Scotland) Act, 1897; or

(ii) before the passing of this Act by resolution of the heritors on the grovmd that no accommodation for further interments i:emains available

therein; or

(iii) by desuetude druing a period of twenty years or

upwards prior to the passing of this Act;

the kirk session of the parish may, within ten years after

the passing of this Act, in the case of a churchyard which

has been closed before the passing of this Act, or within

ten years after the date of the closing of a chvuchyard

in the case of a churchyard closed after the passing of this Act, intimate in writing to the parish council or other

local authority to whom the churchyard has been transferred that the kirk session desire to take over the

custody, maintenance, and control of such churchyard,

and the parish council or other local authority, as the

case may be, shall, on receiving such intimation, transfer

the custody, maintenance, and control of such churchyard

to the kirk session, subject always to such conditions

(if any) as the parish council or other local authority

may appoint with respect to the public right of access

to the churchyard free of charge.

(b) Where.a churchyard of a parish which has been

transferred to a parish cormcil or other local authority

has been closed, or has ceased to be used for mterment, ■

the parish council or other local authority, as the case may

1054

Ch. 33.

Preservation

of monuments, &c.,

in churches

and churchyards.

Provisions

relating to

quoad sacra

parishes.

7 & 8 Vict.

c» 44 *

31 Vict,

c. 30.

39 & 40Viot.

c. 11.

Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endoivments) Act, 1925.

be, may at any time, upon the application in writing of the kirk session of the parish, transfer the custody,

maintenance, and control of such churchyard to tl^ kirk

session.

(c) Where the custody, maintenance, *and control of

a churchyard have, in pursuance of this subsection, been

transferred to the kirk session, the kirk session shall

thenceforward be responsible for such custody, maintenance, and control, and for any expense in connection

therewith.

33. For the preservation and maintenance of any

family burying ground, or enclosure, tombstone, monument, or other memorial to the dead, in any parish

churchyard or parish church, any person who, in the case

of a parish churchyard, satisfies the parish council or

other body to whom the parish churchyard or the control

thereof is transferred, and in the case of a parish church

satisfies the General Trustees that he has an interest in

such buiying ground, enclosure, tombstone, monument,

or other memorial, on the ground of relationship to the

deceased person’ or pemons therein buried or thereby

commemorated, shall be entitled, with the approval of the parish council or other body to whom the parish

churchyard or the control thereof is transferred, or the

General Trustees, as the case may be, to provide for the

preservation and maintenance of the same.

Part IV.

General.

34. With respect to parishes quoad sacra erected

under the New Parishes (Scotland) Act, 1844, the United

Parishes (Scotland) Act, 1868, and the United Parishes

(Scotland) Act, 1876 (other than parishes quoad sacra

erected under section fourteen of the said Act of 1844),

the following provisions shall have effect:—

(1) In the case of a parish erected before the passing

of this Act—

(a) The statutory properties and endowments of the parish shall be transferred to the General Trustees as in this section

provided;

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33. 1055

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

(6) As soon as conveniently may be after the

passing of this Act there shall be prepared by

the General Trustees and certified by the

* Clerk of Teinds with respect to each parish,

an inventory referring to this section of this Act and setting out the statutory properties

and endowments of the parish, and each such

inventory shall specify—

(i) the name of the parish;

(ii) each property or security forming

part of the said statutory properties and

endowments; and

(iii) the name or names of the person or

■ persons in whom the same is vested;

(c) Without prejudice to the provisions of '

the immediately following paragraph of this

subsection any person in whom any property

or security specified in any such inventory is

vested shall if so required by the General

Trustees, and at their expense, transfer such

property or security to the General Trustees,

and do and concur in doing all acts and things

necessary for that purpose;

(d) Upon any such inventory in so far as

the same relates to heritable properties or

securities being recorded in the appropriate

register of sasines the heritable properties

and securities specified in such inventory shall

by virtue of this Act and without the necessity

of any further conveyance be deemed and

taken to be validly transferred to and vested

in the General Trustees as if a disposition or

assignation by the person or persons in whom

the said heritable properties or securities

were vested had been granted in favour of the General Trustees and had been recorded

in the appropriate register of sasines;

(e) (i) The Clerk of Teinds shall make

available to the General Trustees, so far as

may be necessary for the purposes of this

section, all or any title deeds, certificates, or

other documents which are in his custody

as keeper of the records of the Court of

1056 Ch. 33. Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925,

Teinds relating to any properties or securities

specified in any such inventory; .

(ii) Upon the completion of the tmnsfer

of any such properties and securities to the

General Trustees the Clerk Teinds shall

hand over to the General Trustees any title

deeds, certificates, or other documents relating

to the same which are in his custody as

aforesaid upon a receipt therefor being given

by the General Trustees;

(f) The General Assembly, or any body to

, which the General Assembly may delegate

the necessary- power, may at any time after

the completion of the transfer to the General

Trustees of the properties and securities

specified in any such inventory alter the

existing deed of constitution of the parish to

which the inventory 'relates, or annul the

said deed and grant a new deed of constitution

in place thereof;

(g) The statutory properties and endowments of the parish transferred to the General

Trustees under or by virtue or in pursuance

of this subsection shall, notwithstanding

anything elsewhere in this Act contained, be

held by the General Trustees for the same

ends, uses, and purposes as those for which

they were held by the trustees or other

persons in whom they were vested prior to

their being so transferred;

(2) In the case of a parish erected after the passing

of this Act—

(a) the titles, deeds, certificates, and other

documents of or relating to the statutory

properties and endowments of the parish shall

be taken in the name of the General Trustees;

(&) the original deed of constitution shall

be in such terms as the General Assembly, or

any body to which the General Assembly

may delegate the necessary power, may direct,

and the General Assembly or any such body

may subsequently alter the said deed or

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33. 1057

{Property and Endoivraents) Act, 1925.

annul the same and grant a new deed of

• constitution in place thereof:

(S) Nothing in this section shall apply to any

permanent endowment secured from teinds

under section thirteen of the New Parishes

(Scotland) Act, 1844:

(4) In this section—

the expression "the statutory properties

and endowments of the parish " means—

(i) the church erected as a parish church

for the parish under the aforesaid 'Acts of

1844, 1868, and 1876; and

(ii) where a manse or glebe has been

permanently provided under the said Acts

as part of the endowment of the minister

of the parish, such manse or glebe; and

(iii) any feu-duties, grormd annuals, bonds

of annual rent, or other heritable secmities

permanently provided and secured at the

time of erection or subsequently substituted

with the sanction of the Court of Teinds for

the minister of the parish or for the maintenance of the church or manse or payment

of the feu-duty thereon; and

(iv) any Government securities or other

securities or investments (not being heritable securities) permanently provided and

seemed or substituted as aforesaid;

the expression "church " includes the fabric

and site of the church and hall (if any) and

any ground used as a bmial ground in connection therewith;

the expression "manse " includes the

dwelling-house and offices and appurtenances

thereof.

35.—(1) Where the debtor under any bond and Provisions

disposition in security, bond of annual rent, or other relating to

heritable security, whereby the payment of any annual

sum is secured over land in favom of the minister of any demption of

parish quoad sacra erected \mder the New Parishes bonds of

(Scotland) Act, 1844, the United Parishes (Scotland) annual rent

3X

1058

held for

behoof of

quoad sacra

churches.

Ch. 33. Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

Act, 1868, and the United Parishes (Scotland) Act, 1876,

or in favoiir of the trustees acting under the de«d of

constitution of any such parish or of the General Trustees

as coming in place of such minister or trustees (such

minister or trustees or the General TrusteSs, as the case

may be, being hereinafter in this section referred to as

" the creditor "), sells or has sold any portion of such land

the debtor shall be entitled to allocate upon the portion

of such land so sold such a proportion of such annual

sum as may be agreed upon between the debtor and the

creditor, or, failing agreement, as may be fixed by the

sheriff of the county in which such land is situated upon

the application of the debtor.

(2) If, as a result of any such allocation as is provided in the preceding subsection, the proportion of such

annual sum so allocated, or the proportion of such annual

sum remaining unallocated, does not exceed one pound

in amount, the debtor shall forthwith redeem the same

by payment to the General Trustees of a sum equal to the proportion of such annual sum so allocated, or to the proportion of such annual sum remaining imallocated,

as the case may be, multiplied by twenty, and if the

proportion of such annual sum so allocated, or the proportion of such annual sum remaining unallocated,

exceeds one pormd but is less than fifteen pounds in

amount, such proportion shall be increased from the

date when such allocation takes effect by five per cent.

(3) Where the debtor and the creditor have agreed

upon, or the sheriff has fixed, the proportion of such

annual sum to be allocated the debtor shall be entitled

to obtain from the creditor a memorandum of allocation

in or as nearly as may be in the form of the Thirteenth

Schedule to this Act, and upon such memorandum of

allocation being recorded in the appropriate register of

sasines the allocation contained therein shall be binding

on all having interest.

(4) Such annual sum or an allocated proportion

thereof exceeding one pound may at any time be redeemed

by and in the option of the debtor either

(a) for such consideration or in such manner as may

be agreed upon between the debtor and the

creditor; or

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33. 1059

{Property and Endounnents) Act, 1925.

(&) at any term of Whitsimday or Martinmas after

• three months’ notice either

* (i) by payment to the creditor of such a

sum as would, if invested at the time of

payment in Consolidated 2 J per cent, annuities

produce a yearly amount equal to the annual

sum to be redeemed, or

(ii) by transfer to the creditor of such an

amount of Consolidated per cent, annuities

as would produce a yearly amount equal to the annual sum to be redeemed.

(5) Upon such annual sum or the allocated proportion

thereof being redeemed by the debtor, as in this section

provided, the debtor shall be entitled to obtain from the

creditor a deed or other document disburdening the land

over which the same is secured, which shall be recorded

on behalf of the debtor in the appropriate register of

sasines.

(6) The whole expenses of any allocation of such

annual sum and of the redemption of such annual sum

or a proportion thereof shall be defrayed by the debtor.

(7) In this section the word "debtor " includes the

original debtor, his successor in such land, any uninfeft

or infeft purchaser of such land or portion thereof, or

any disponee to whom such land or portion thereof may

be disponed,

36. All moneys received by the General Trustees Eieqaire-

with respect to any parish imder or in pmsuance of the ments of

provisions of this Act relating to stipend and any church, parish to be

manse, glebe or other property heritable or moveable ^g^dow *

situated in, or forming part of, the endowments of aients.

any parish transferred to, or received by, the General

Trustees by or in pursuance of this Act, and the

proceeds of any such moneys, property, or endowments shall be appropriated in the &st place to

meeting the proper requirements of that parish or its

neighbourhood (as such requirements may be determined by the General Assembly or by any body to which

the General Assembly may delegate the necessary

power), and any remainder after these requirements have

been fuUy met shall form part of a general fund at the

disposal of the General Assembly: Provided that except

3X2

1060

Ch. 33.

Powers of

General

Trustees.

Additional

powers of

General

Trustees.

Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5

{Property and Endoioments) Act, 1925.

where a benefice is actually vacant at the passing of this Act or has become actually vacant thereafter-

(a) all payments received by the General Trtistees

from heritors in respect of a stip^d or standard

charge until the same is redeemed, and the

income from the redemption money in respect

of the stipend or standard charge, shall be

appropriated to the payment of that stipend

after deduction of a sum not exceeding two per

centum of the said payments and income to

meet the expense of administration; and

(b) the determination of the General Assembly shall

not be exercised so as to decrease the amount

of stipend, or the income from, or in respect

of, any property transferred to the General

Trustees as aforesaid to be received by the

incumbent of a benefice nor so as to diminish

the benefit to be derived by the incumbent

from the use or occupation of any such

property.

37. In addition to any powers which they already

enjoy, the General Trustees shall have power to hold,

maintain, administer, and dispose of any property of

whatsoever description transferred to, or received by,

or vested in them under, or in pursuance of this Act,

subject always to the provisions of this Act and to the

directions of the General Assembly: Provided that the

General Trustees before selling or feuing a glebe or

any part thereof shall give to the heritor or heritors

whose lands adjoin such glebe or part an opportunity

to purchase or take the same in feu at such price or

feu-duty and on such terms as may be agreed upon

between the General Trustees and the heritor or heritors,

or as may, failing agreement, be determined by an

arbiter appointed by the sheriff on the application

of either party. Without prejudice to the foregoing

generality, the General Trustees shall have power,

subject as aforesaid, to compromise or settle any claim

against or by any heritor or other person arising out of

anything contained in this Act or done thereunder.

38. —(1) The General Assembly shall have power

to appoint from among the General Trustees a chairman

and a vice--chairman of the General Trustees who shall

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33. 1061

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

respectively hold office for such period with such powers

and diities, and subject to such conditions as the General

Assembly may determine, and such chairman and vice-

chairman or either of them may receive ^uch remuneration as the G0neral Assembly may from time to time

fix. Such chairman, whom failing such vice-chairman,

shall when present act as chairman at all meetings

of the General Trustees, and when so present shall come

in place of any chairman falling to be appointed under

section thirteen of the •Church of Scotland (General

Trustees) Order, 1921, and shall have the like voting

powers. Without prejudice to the provisions of the said

section with respect to the manner in which meetings

of the General Trustees may be called, the chairman or

the vice-chairman appointed by the General Assembly

may direct that meetings of the General Trustees shall

be called.

(2) The General Trustees shall have power to appoint

or employ (either from among their own number or

otherwise) a solicitor or legal adviser to the General

Trustees and such additional officers, attorneys, and

persons as they may consider necessary for the proper

conduct of the business of the General Trustees, and to

pay to such solicitor or legal adviser or other officers,

attorneys, or persons employed by them suitable re-

mimeration for their services.

(3) Any intimation to the General Trustees shall

be competently made if addressed to the clerk or the

chairman or vice-chairman of the General Trustees

on their behalf at the known address of the General

Trustees in Edinburgh, and any intimation by the General

Trustees shall be competently made by the clerk or the

chairman or vice-chairman on their behalf.

(4) The General Assembly shall have power to

determine from time to time the number of General

Trustees who shall form a quorum at meetings of the

General Trustees, pro\dded always that the number so

determined shall in no case be less than three as prescribed in section thirteen of the Church of Scotland

(General Trustees) Order, 1921.

(5) All expenses incurred by the General Trustees in

the ffischarge of their duties under this Act, so far as

such expenses are not otherwise provided for under this Act, shall be defrayed in such manner as the General

1062

Ch. 33.

Allocation

by General

Trustees of

certain

moneys to

be received

from

Treasury.

50 Geo. 3.

c. 84.

5 Geo. 4.

c. 72.

Redemption

of manse

mail!, &c.

Church of Scotland 16 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

Assembly may determine, and the provisions of section

nineteen of the said Order of 1921 •shall not apply to

such expenses.

(6) The General Assembly may from time to time

make bj'^elaws and regulations to be observed by the

General Trustees in the discharge of their duties under

this Act.

139.—(1) As soon as conveniently may be after the

passing of this Act the Commissioners shall frame a

scheme or schemes for the allocation by the General

Trustees of the annual sums of twelve thousand pounds

and five thousand and forty pounds mentioned in the

Seventh Schedule to this Act, and of the income from

any capital sum or sums received by them in redemption

of the said annual sums, or either of them, and for the

payment by the General Trustees of the various amounts

so allocated.

(2) In framing any such scheme the Commissioners

shall provide for the protection of the interests of the

ministers who at the passing of this Act are entitled to

augmentations of stipend under the Teinds Act, 1810,

and the Teinds Act, 1824, or to stipend under the Act

5 Geo. 4. c. 90, and the right in name of Ann of the

widow or other representatives of any such minister, and

for that purpose the Commissioners shall have regard to the provisions of the aforesaid Acts, notwithstanding

any repeal of those provisions under this Act.

(3) Pending the making by the Commissioners of an

Order giving effect to a scheme under this section, the

General Trustees may, out of the aimual sums or the

income from any capital sum or sums aforesaid, pay

to any minister or assistant and successor, or widow or

other representative of a deceased minister, or to the

Collector of the Church of Scotland Ministers’ and

Scottish Universities’ Professors’ Widows’ Fund, as the

case may be, such half-yearly sum or sums, as in the

judgment of the General Trustees, would have been

payable under the aforesaid Acts to such minister or

assistant and successor, or widow or other representative,

or Collector if this Act had not been passed.

40.—(1) Where in any parish manse maill is at the

passing of this Act payable in lieu of a manse the heritors

legally liable in payment thereof shall redeem the manse

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33.

{Property and Endoumients) Act, 1925.

maill by payment to the General Trustees of a sum equal

to tte annual amount thereof multiplied by twenty, such

redeunption payment to be made within five years after

the passing of this Act.

(2) Where a manse has been sold and the price

invested and the income from the investments representing the price paid to the minister, those investments

shall within five years after the passing of this Act be

transferred to the General Trustees, and on the completion of the transfer any liability of the heritors in

respect thereof shall cease.

41. Notwithstanding an 3 rthing in the Court of

Session (Scotland) Act, 1868, the Court of Teinds may

meet at such hours as may be convenient on such days

as the Court of Session may by Act of Sederunt prescribe,

and section one hundred and six of the said Act of

1868 (which relates to Acts of Sederunt) shall, for the

purposes of Acts of Sederunt relating to the Court of

Teinds, have effect as if references to that Act in the

said section included references to this Act.

42. This Act shall be binding on the Crown and

the provisions of this Act shall apply to lands vested

in His Majesty in right of the Crown, and to lands

vested in any Government Department for public pm-

poses, and to the teinds of any lands so vested in His

Majesty or in any Government Department.

43. Where under the provisions of the Births,

Deaths and Marriages (Scotland) Acts, 1854 to 1910,

the powers and duties by those Acts conferred and

imposed on parish councils belong to and are discharged by the heritors, it shall be lawful for the

sheriff, upon the application of the parish council of

any parish wholly or partly comprised in the registration district, or upon the application of the Registrar-

General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland,

to regulate and determine all questions as to the right

to elect a registrar for the registration district, and all

questions as to the assessments to be levied for registration purposes within the district; and it shall also be

lawful for the sheriff to regulate and determine all

questions as to such right of election and such assessments in any case where two or more parishes or

portions of parishes may hereafter be united into one

1063

Provisions

relating to

Court of

Teinds.

31 & 32 Vict.

0 . 100 .

Application

to Crown

lands.

Provisions

with respect

to certain

registration

districts.

1064

Provisions

for preservation of

heritors ’

records.

Saving for

obligations

of relief.

Saving for

superiors.

Interpretation.

Ch. 33. Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endoioments) Act, 1925.

registration district; and any decision of the sheriff

under this section shall be final and not subject to

review., •

44. Whereas in consequence of th# transfers of

rights of property and the transfer or termination of

obligations in connection therewith effected or to be

effected by or under or in pursuance of this Act, the

powers and duties of heritors (including the power and

duty to impose and levy heritors’ assessments) will in

due course be extinguished, it shall be the duty of the

clerk to the heritors of any parish where such extinction

has been effected to make intimation thereof in writing

to the Secretary for Scotland, who'may by order under

his hand give such direction as he may think necessary

or proper with respect to the preservation and permanent

custody of the books of the heritors or any records or

documents in their possession as heritors or in the

possession of their clerk.

45. Nothing in this Act.shall prejudice or affect

any obligation to relieve the heritor of any lands from

liability in respect of any stipend or augmentation

thereof exigible from the teinds of such lands, and any

such obligation shall extend to rehef from liability in

respect of any standard charge over those lands or in

respect of any payments under the section of this Act

relating to provisions where stipend does not exceed one

pound.

46. Nothing in this Act shall affect or be deemed to

affect the rights of superiors of the sites of the churches

mentioned in the Ninth Schedule to this Act, where

the superiorities are not held by or on behalf of town

councils, to payment of their feu duties from the parties

in whom the dominium utile of the said sites is vested

by this Act or otherwise, and to all other rights and

privileges vested in such superiors prior to the passing

of this Act.

47. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires—

" The Church" means the Church of Scotland;

" The General Assembly" means the General

Assembly of the Church;

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33. 1065

{Property and Endoumients) Act, 1925.

" The General Trustees" means the Church of

• Scotland General Trustees incorporated by the

• Church of Scotland (General Tnistees) Order,

1921;

" The Commissioners" means the Scottish

Ecclesiastical Commissioners to be appointed

under this Act;

" Minister" means a minister of the Church;

" Stipend" means the stipend of a minister, including any allowance for communion elements payable by heritors out of teinds;

" Glebe" means the lands appropriated to a minister

as his glebe, and shall be deemed to include

grass glebe or minister’s grass, servitudes, right

of pasturage, or other heritable rights belonging

to the minister and forming part of the benefice,

or any money payments in use to be made to the minister in respect of the said rights or any

of them, and any land settled in perpetuity on

the minister for the time being;

" Court of Temds " has the same meaning as in the

United Parishes (Scotland) Act, 1876;

" Manse " and " Lord Ordinary " have the same

meanings as in the Ecclesiastical Buildings and

Glebes (Scotland) Act, 1868.

(2) For the purposes of this Act the surrendered

teinds of any lands payable as stipend shall be deemed

to be stipend exigible from the teinds of those lands.

(3) The reference to "teinds" in section fifty-nine

of the Improvement of Land Act, 1864, shall be con- 27 & 28 Vict.

strued so as to include standard charges. c. 114.

48. The enactments specified in the Twelfth Repeal.

Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent

specified in the third column of that Schedule, and so

much of any Act as is inconsistent with this Act is also

hereby repealed.

49. This Act may be cited as the Church of Scotland Short title.

(Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

1006

Ch. 33. Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

SCHEDULES.

Section 2. — - ,

FIRS T SCHED ULE.

Table A. —Fiabs Prices for the Cohntihs of Scotland.

Average 1873 to 1922 inclusive.—Showing the value of One Boll of

Meal and One Boll of Barley in each county according to

these prices, and the avera^ge value of the Double Boll of Meal and

Barley, and the average value of the Chalder in each county.

1

MeaL

Barley.

County.

Average

Value of

1 BoU

Average

Value of

1 BoU

Value of

the

Double BoU

of Meal

Value of

1 Ohalder

calculated

to nearest

for crops

and years

for crops

and years

and Barley.

1 Penny.

1873-1922.

1873-1922.

1

8,

d.

8.

d.

A.

d.

8.

d.

1. Aberdeen

0

16

11 9

1

3

5A

2

0

5A

16

3

8

2. Argyll -

1

0

1

3

6

2

3

iiA 1

17

11

9

3. Ayr

0

18

1

5

0 8

2

3

7A

17

8

11

4. Banff -

0

16

11t

1

4

7

2

1

6A

16

12

2

5. Berwick

1

0

1

4

iiA

2

6

OA

18

0

3

6. Bute -

0

19

1

3

2

3

6A

17

8

6

7. Caithness

0

17

2 *

1

0

6 A

1

17

7ii

15

1

3

8. Clackmannan

0

18

1

4

OA

2

2

9A

17

2

6

9. Dumbarton

1

0

6

1

3

lA

2

3

7A

17

8

11

10. Dumfries

0

18

1

4

8H

2

3

OA

17

4

4

11. Edinburgh or

Mid Lothian

0

19

Ot7

1

5

4

2

4

17

14

10

12. Elgin or Moray

0

17

1

6

2

2

8A

17

1

11

13. Fife -

0

19

1

4

OA

2

3

3A

17

6

6

14. Forfar -

0

18

10

1

2

2

1

2A

16

9

7

16. Haddington

or

East Lothian

1

0

1

8

q 4

Oyj

2

8

6A

19

8

5

16. Inverness

0

18

1

5

ft

2

3

6 A

17

7

9

17. Kincardine

0

17

lOA

1

2

1

19

HA

15

19

8

18. Kinross

0

19

1

2

6A

2

2

OA

16

16

1

19. Kirkcudbright

0

17

lOA

1

4

6A

2

2

4 9 1

16

19

2

20. Lanark

1

0

1

4

11

2

5

3A

18

2

6

21. Linlithgow or

West Lothian

0

19

7 «

* r7

1

4

7A

2

4

3A

17

14

2

22. Naim -

0

18

Q S

1

1

6

2-j

2

3

HA

17

11

9

23. Orkney

0

15

9 3

0

16

7A

1

11

10:

12

14

8

24. Peebles

1

1

q 8

1

5

4A

2

6

8A

18

13

7

25. Perth -

0

19

1

3

2

3

0

17

4

0

26. Renfrew

27. Ross and

0

19

9A

1

4

iiA

2

4

9A

17

18

2

Cromarty

0

18

3A

1

4

5A

2

2

8A

17

1

9

28. Roxbmrgh

0

19

Q1 0

1

4

7

2

4

3A

17

14

7

29. Selkirk

0

19

OA

1

4

2A

2

3

3A

17

6

1

30. Stirling

1

0

OA

1

4

lA

2

4

2A

17

13

5

31. Sutheriand

0

19

1

4

lA

2

3

3A

17

6

6

32. Wigtown

0

17

3A

1

3

6A

2

0

10

16

6

8

1925.

Church of Scotland

{Property and Endoivments) Act, 1925,

Ch. 33.

1007

Table B.—Fiabs Prices fob the Counties of

* Scotland.

Average 1873-1922 inclusive.—Showing the Value of one quarter of

Wheat, Oat ^, Bear and Barley in each Coimty according to an

average of thefiara prices struck for the 50 years 1873-1922.

Comity.

Wheat per

Quarter.

Oats per

Quarter.

Bear per

Quarter.

Barley per

Quarter.

a.

d.

3.

d.

s.

d.

£ s

d.

1. Aberdeen

1

18

1

2

110

' "•12

1

3

11

1

12

2H

2. Argyll -

2

1

1

4

lA

1

11

1

1

12

3A

3. Ayr

1

16

iifV

1

2

OA

1

5

7

1

14

4, 4

4. Banff -

1

18

1

2

lOA

1

9

1

1

13

9 A

6. Berwick

1

19

m

1

5

8A

1

14

3iV

6. Bute

2

3

1

4

OA

1

8

9A

1

12

11 A

7. Caithness

1

0

3A

1

6

6A

1

8

OA

8. Clackmannan

1

15

lOA

1

4

lA

1

12

iiA

9. Dumbarton -

1

16

lA

1

3

OH

1

8

iiA

1

11

8H

10. Dumfries

1

19

3A

1

3

6A

1

13

iiA

11. Edinburgh or

Mid Lothian

1

17

lOA

1

6

3A

1

14

OA

12. Elgin or Moray

1

17

1

2

OH

1

14

13. Fife -

1

15

10 A

1

2

iiA

1

3

11 A

1

12

IIU

14. Forfar -

1

16

8A

1

2

10

1

4

6 A

1

10

8 A

15. Haddington or

East Lothian

2

1

9A

1

8

7A

1

18

10

16. Inverness

2

1

2

1

2

iiH

1

12

9

1

14

4A

17. Kincardine -

1

15

iiA

1

2

3H

1

3

7 A

1

10

4A

18. Kinross

2

1

OA

1

2

iiA

1

10

iiA

19. Kirkcudbright

1

17

1

2

1A

1

13

8A

20. Lanark

1

17

lA

1

3

8A

1

14

2A

21. Linlithgow or

West Lothian

1

17

4A

1

4

2A

1

13

0, 4

22. Naim -

1

19

m

1

2

10 A

1

14

7 A

23. Orkney

1

2

10 A

1

2

10, ^i,

24. Peebles

2

0

0

1

5

9

1

14

10 A

25. Perth -

1

17

3 A

1

3

8

1

12

26. Kenfrew

1

17

OA

1

3

lOH

1

14

12 *

27. Ross and

Cromarty -

1

19

1

1

3

3A

1

13

64

28. Roxburgh

1

18

n 2

1

4

10 A

1

13

29. Selkirk -

2

13

K a

17

1

4

6H

1

13

Q id

30. Stirling

1

17

12-

1

3

lOA

1

13

IH

31. Sutheriand -

2

0

OA

1

3

OH

1

1

3H

1

13

lA

32. Wigtown

1

16

O H

1

1

OA

1

8

3 A

1

12

IST SCH.

-—cont.

1068

Ch. 33.

Section 2.

Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Provisions relating to the County average Value

OF KINDS OP Victual not mentioned in the

First Schedule.

A.— Where the Value of the kind of Victual is given in

THE Official Returns of Fiars Prices.

1. The minister of a parish, the whole or part of whose

victual stipend has been locaUed in any kind of victual not

mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act or the clerk of the

presbytery where the benefice is vacant or any heritor concerned,

may apply to the Clerk of Teinds to fix the former county

average value (in this Schedule referred to as the " average

value ") of such kind of victual. In any such application by

the minister or the clerk of the presbytery the applicant shall

give the names of the heritors on whose lands the whole or part

of such stipend has been so locaUed.

2. Thereafter the average value of the kind of victual in

question for the fifty years one thousand eight hundred and

seventy-three to one thousand nine hundred and twenty-two

shall be fixed by the Clerk of Teinds by reference to the official

returns of fiars prices for the county m which the parish is

situated or where no value for that kind of victual is given in

those returns then by reference to the official returns of fiars

prices for such other county or counties as the Clerk of Teinds

may select as being most suitable in the circumstances of the

case.

3. The average value as so fixed shall be intimated by the

Clerk of Teinds to the minister or the clerk of the presbytery

where the benefice is vacant and to the common agent of the

heritors, and the Clerk of Teinds shall at the same time enter

the said value in a book to be kept by him in the Teind Office

for the purpose, the said book being available for inspection by

any member of the public at the Teind Office during the official

hours of opening thereof.

B.—Where the Value of the kind of Victual is

NOT GIVEN IN THE OFFICIAL RETURNS OF FiARS PRICES,

1. The minister of a parish the whole or part of whose

victual stipend has been locaUed in any kind of victual not

mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act or the clerk of the

presbytery where the benefice is vacant or any heritor concerned

may apply to the sheriff to fix the average value thereof.

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33.

{Properly and Endowments) Act, 1925.

2. The sheriff after intimation of any such application to

such jiersons as he may appoint and after such inquiry as he

thinks fit shall fix the said average value.

3. The said average value as so fixed shall be intimated by

the sheriff to th%Clerk of Teinds who shall enter the value in the

book mentioned in paragraph 3 of Head A of this Schedule

which shall be open for inspection as therein mentioned.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Form or Intimation of EiiEcriON

THAT Stipend shall be Standardised.

Date.

I, .Minister (or as the case

may be) of the Parish of.in the

Presbytery of.hereby intimate

that I elect that the stipend to which the Minister of the said

Parish is entitled shall be standardised in accordance with the

provisions of the Church of Scotland (Property and Endowments)

Act, 1925.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions relating to Augmentation of Stipend.

1. In ascertaining the amount of the available teinds the

victual teind and stipend shall be converted according to the

average of the fiars prices for the five years preceding the year

in which an application is made:

Provided that—

(a) if in the case of victual teind that average is less

than the value as determined in accordance with

paragraph 3 of the Fifth Schedule to this Act, the

victual teind shall be converted in accordance with

that paragraph; and

(b) if in the case of victual stipend that average is less

than the standard value, the victual stipend shall be

converted according to the standard value.

2. Any application to the Lord Ordineury, and the locaUing

of any augmentation, and any decree of locality following

thereon shall, subject to the provisions of this Act," be made

and dealt with in such manner as the Court of Session by

Act of Sederunt may prescribe.

1069

2nd Soh.

— eont.

Section 4.

Section 10.

1070

Section

Ch. 33. Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

11. FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions relating to the Preparation, Issuing,

AND Adjustment of Teind R»lls.

1. Where a benefice is actually vacant at the passing of this Act or where, after the passing of this Act, a benefice becomes

actually vacant or is deemed to have become vacant by election

or notification the clerk of the presbytery shall forthwith intimate

the vacancy to the Clerk of Teinds, who shall communicate the

intimation to any titular who has previously notified the Clerk

of Teinds in writing that he desires to receive such intimation.

2. Where a benefice is actually vacant at the passing of this Act or where, after the passing of this Act, the benefice becomes

actually vacant or is deemed to have become vacant by election

or notification it shall be the duty of the heritors concerned

forthwith to prepare and lodge in the Teind Office a state of

teinds unless in any case the Lord Ordinary shall on the

application of any party dispense therewith.

3. For the purposes of the teiud roUs the value in sterling

money of teind valued in victual shall be determined:—

(o) Where a basis of conversion has been specified in the

decree of valuation by reference to that basis; and

(d) In any other case by reference to the former county

average value within the meaning of section two of this Act.

4. Effect shall be given in the teind roll by the Clerk of

Teinds to any augmentation of stipend or to any reduction of

stipend following upon a surrender of teinds, made in accordance with the provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act. The

Clerk of Teiuds may also give effect in a teind roll to an

extra-judicial surrender made before the passing of this Act

on intimation from or on behalf of the heritor concerned that

such, a surrender has been made and on production to him of

evidence thereof.

5. Where a heritor is entered in the teind roll separately

for different subjects belonging to him in the same parish for

teinds of the same class only, he shall be entitled to have the

said entries or some of them consolidated into one entry, and

on receiving from the heritor an application to that effect before

the teind roll is made final, the Clerk of Teinds shall give effect

thereto.

6. Where stipend is payable to the minister of one parish

from the teinds of lands situated in another parish the Clerk of

Teinds shall in the teind roll of the parish where stipend is so

I)ayable specify the value of the stipend so payable, and in the

teind roll of the parish wherein the lands are situated the teinds

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

of those lands shall be stated under deduction of any stipend

payable as aforesaid.

7. Where the Clerk of Teinds has prepared a teind roll for

any parish he shall report the same to the Lord Ordinary who

shall take the roll into consideration and make such order as he

thinks fit with respect to the intimation of the roll (including

where necessary an order for the appointment of a common agent

by the heritors concerned) and with respect to the subsequent

adjustment and completion of the roll. The date of the Lord

Ordinary’s interlocutor ordering intimation of the teind roll is

hereinafter in this Act referred to as the " date of issue of the teind

roll."

8. Subject to the provisions of this Act relating to valuation

and surrender of teinds no objection to a teind roll shall be

competent unless the same is lodged with the Clerk of Teinds

before the expiry of eighteen months after the date of issue of the teind roll and so soon as any such objection and any application for the valuation of teinds has been disposed of and

any surrender of teinds has received effect and any necessary

adjustment of the teind roll has been made, the Lord Ordinary

shall by interlocutor declare the roll to be final. As on and

from the date of such interlocutor the roll shall for the purposes

of this Act be final, subject to such alterations and adjustments

as may be necessary in consequence of changes of ownership or

in consequence of redemption.

9. The Court of Session shall make by Act of Sederunt such

rules and regulations as may in their judgment from time to time

be necessary with respect to the preparation, reporting, adjustment,

disposal and custody of the teind roll.

10. Nothing in this Act shall affect the right of the titular

to lodge a state of teinds should he elect to do so, provided

that the expense of the preparation of the said state by the

titular shall be payable by the titular.

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions relating to the Valuation of Teinds

AND THE Surrender of Valued Teinds.

1. Any heritor whose teinds in any parish are wholly or

partly unvalued, or the titular of any such teinds, or any minister

whose stipend is wholly or partly exigible from unvalued teinds

or where the benefice is vacant the General Trustees may at any

time not later than the expiry of twelve months after the date of

issue of the teind roll for the parish apply to the sheriff to appoint

a valuer for the purpose of fixing the annual agricultural value

1071

5th Sch.

— cont.

Section 16.

1072

6th Sch.

—cont.

Ch, 33, Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5,

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

of the lands the teinds of which have not been valued, and in

estimating that value the valuer (who shall be appointsd by

the sherili at his own hand) shall have regard to the fo^Jowing

directions, that is to say:Where the lands are bon§, fide let for

a term of years, the rent payable under the Igase (so far as it

represents agricxiltural rental) and where the lands are not so let

the agricultural rent at which the lands might, in the opinion of the valuer, be reasonably expected to be let shall be deemed to be

the annual agricultural value:

Provided that in either case there shall be deducted from the

rent—

(a) interest on expenditure by the heritor or his predecessors,

upon permanent improvements within twenty years

prior to the date of valuation, where such expenditure is

shown to the satisfaction of the valuer to have increased

the annual agricultural letting value of the land; and

(b) interest on any other improvement expenditure made

by the heritor or his predecessors which, in the opinion

of the valuer, has increased such letting value as at the

date of valuation.

2. —(a) Any heritor or titular who applies to the sheriff as

aforesaid shall so soon as the appointment of a valuer has been

made give written notice thereof to the minister of the parish in

which the lands are situate, or if the benefice is vacant to the

General Trustees, and any minister or the General Trustees so

applying shall in like manner give notice to the heritor of the

lands.

(6) The minister, or the General Trustees or the heritor, as

the case may be, receiving such notice may within fifteen days

after the date of the notice intimate in writing to the valuer that

he or they desires or desire to be heard.

3. The valuer shall after such inquiry as he may think

necessary, including the hearing of the parties where a desire to be

heard has been intimated as aforesaid, issue a certificate of

valuation showing the annual agricultural value of the lands.

* 4. The provisions set out in the Second Schedule to the

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, relating to the

removal of arbiter, evidence, statement of case and expenses shall,

with the necessary modifications, apply to any inquiry by a valuer

appointed by the sheriff under this Schedule. The Court of

Session shall from time to time by Act of Sederunt make such

regulations as they may think necessary for regulating the fees of

valuers so appointed.

6.—(o) Where the annual agricultural value of the lands,

as shown by the certificate issued by the valuer, does not exceed

fifty pounds the certificate shall be final. Where the said value

exceeds fifty pounds—

(i) The applicant for the appointment of the valuer, or the

heritor, or the minister, or the General Trustees, as the

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33.

{Property and Endouments) Act, 1925.

case may be, interested in the valuation, if not satisfied

* with the said valuation, may within fifteen days after

the issue of the certificate by the valuer, appeal to the

Lord Ordinary, who after such inquiry as he thinks

necessary (including if the Lord Ordinary so directs, a

remit to a skilled valuer) may either approve or modify

the certificate, and the certificate so approved or modified

shall thereupon become final. In estimating the annual

agricultural value of the land the Lord Ordinary shall

have regard to the provisions in that behalf contained in

paragraph 1 of this Schedule, which for this purpose

shall apply with the substitution of the Lord Ordinary

for the valuer.

(ii) If no such appeal has been intimated before the expiry of

fifteen days from the issue of the certificate by the

valuer, the certificate shall upon such expiry become

final.

6. —(a) Where the annual agricultural value of the lands as

shown in the certificate issued by the valuer does not exceed

fifty pounds the applicant for the appointment of the valuer shall

within ten days after the issue of the certificate lodge the

same at the Teind Office for registration.

(6) Where the said value exceeds fifty pounds the certificate

issued by the valuer shall be so lodged within ten days of the

date when the same becomes final—

(i) by the applicant if the certificate has not been modified

by the Lord Ordinary; and

(ii) by the appellant if the certificate has been so modified.

(c) When a certificate has been lodged as aforesaid the Clerk

of Teinds shall issue a certificate of the amount of the valued

teind and such certificate shall be recorded in the Teind Office,

and when so recorded shall be evidence of the valuation to the

same effect as an extract decree of valuation of the Court of Teinds

issued in accordance with the present practice.

7. —(o) Any heritor or titular whose teinds have been valued

either in accordance with the present practice or in accordance

with the provisions of this Schedule, and whether there is or is

not a depending process of locality may, so soon as the decree

of valuation has been extracted or the certificate of the amount

of the valued teinds has been recorded, as the case may be, and

within the period hereinafter limited in that behalf, surrender

the amount of such valued teind to the minister or the General

Trustees, as the case may be. Such surrender shall be as nearly

as may be in the form presently in use in the Court of Teinds, and

if there is a process of locality pending may be embodied in a

minute of surrender lodged in that process, and if there is no

depending process of locality the surrender may be signed by

the heritor or his agent or the titular or his agent (as the case

3 Y

1073

6th Soh. ’

— cont.

1074

Ch. 33.

Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endovxments) Act, 1925.

6th Sch. may be) and lodged at the Teind Office. Any heritor whose

cw/- teinds have been valued in accordance with the present ^actice

may exercise the powers of this paragraph, notwithstanding that

such valuation comprises the teinds of a heritor other than the

heritor named in the surrender, but only whqj^e there has been

an agreement between the parties interested with respect to the

division of the cumulo valuation.

(6) Surrender of valued teinds shall not be competent unless

the minute of surrender is lodged in a process of locality or the

surrender is lodged at the Teind Office as aforesaid before the

date hereinafter mentioned (that is to say) :—

(i) In cases where the teinds are valued before the date of

issue of the teind roU for the parish in which the

lands are situate, before the expiry of six months after

the date of the said issue; and

(ii) In cases where the teinds are valued after the date of

issue of the teind roll for the parish in which the

lands are situate, before the expiry of two months after

the issue by the Clerk of Teinds of a certificate of the

amount of the valued teinds; and

(iii) In cases where the value of teinds specified in the teind

roll for the parish in which the lands are situate is

deemed to be accepted by acquiescence as hereinbefore

in this Act provided, before the expiry of fifteen months

after the date of issue of the teind roll for that parish.

(c) The heritor or the titular shall at the same time as the

minute of surrender or the surrender, as the case may be, is lodged

as aforesaid send a copy thereof to the minister of the parish, or if

the benefice is vacant to the General Trustees, and the Clerk of

Teinds shall, as soon as may be after the lodging of the minute

or of the surrender, examine the state of the teinds in the parish

and calculate what deficiency of stipend (if any) would ensue if

the surrender took effect, and shall notify the result of his

examination and calculation to the minister or to the General

Trustees, as the case may be. Within twenty-one days after

the date of such notification the minister or the General Trustees,

as the case may be, may lodge objections to the surrender, which

shall be finally disposed of by the Lord Ordinary; but if no such

objection shall be so lodged the surrender shall have effect at the

expiry of the said period of twenty-one days.

(d) It shall not be a valid objection to a surrender made

under the provisions of this Schedule that the decree of locality

on which the stipend has been paid up to the date of the surrender

has not been made final.

8. Where a surrender made under the provisions of this

Schedule has become effectual, whether no objection has been

lodged or any objection lodged has been disposed of, and a

deficiency of stipend amounting to not less than ten pounds per

1925. Church of Scotland Ch. 33.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

annum is caused thereby, the minister of the parish, or if the

benefiije is vacant the General Trustees may within thirty days after

the dfi^e when the surrender has become effectual, intimate in

writing to the Clerk of Teinds that he. or they claims or claim

that the deficiency of stipend shall be re-allocated among those

heritors in the parish (if any) who have unexhausted teinds not

yet allocated for stipend. The Clerk of Teinds on receiving

intimation of the claim shall notify the same to the common

agent of the heritors, and if any heritor within thirty days after

the date of such notification lodges with the Clerk of Teinds a

written objection to the claim the matter shall be finally disposed

of by the Lord Ordinary. But if no such objection be lodged, the

re-allocation shall be made by the Clerk of Teinds, who shall

issue to the minister or to the General Trustees, as the case may

be, a certificate specifying the amounts of stipend payable by

the heritors whose teinds are affected by the re-allocation.

9. Any calculation as to the amount of any deficiency of

stipend caused by a surrender in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule or as to the amounts of unexhausted teinds available

to meet such deficiency shall be made—•

(a) so far as the stipend is concerned, on the basis of the

standard value thereof; and

(b) so far as the value of the teind is concerned, in

accordance with paragraph 3 of the Fifth Schedule

to this Act.

10. A heritor may have his unvalued teinds valued or

surrender valued teinds in accordance with the provisions of this

Schedule, whether he has or has not a heritable right to such

teinds:

Provided that—

(a) Where the heritor proposes to have valued or to

surrender any teinds to which he has no heritable

right, he shall at the time when he gives notice of the

appointment of a valuer or lodges a minute of surrender

or a surrender as aforesaid intimate the appointment

or the surrender in writing to the titular of the teinds

who shall have the same rights of objection and

appeal as are by the provisions of this Schedule

conferred upon the minister of the parish or the

General Trustees;

(b) When a heritor receives from a minister or the General

Trustees notice of the appointment of a valuer with

respect to lands to the teinds of which he has no

heritable right, he shall forthwith intimate the

appointment in writing to the titular of the teinds,

who shall in such case have the same rights of objection

and appeal as are by the provisions of this Schedule

conferred upon the heritor.

1075

6th Soh.

— cont.

3 Y 2

1076

Ch. 33.

Sections 19

and 39.

Sections 21

and 24.

Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Payments oxjt of the Consolidated Fund.

(1) The annual sum of 12,0001. on account of augmentations of stipends chargeable on and payable out of the

Consolidated Fund of the United Edngdom, under the Teinds Act,

1810, and the Teinds Act, 1824.

(2) The annual sum of 6, 0401. on account of stipends,

chargeable and payable, as aforesaid, under the Act 6 George IV.

chapter 90.

(3) The an n ual sum of 2,0001. chargeable and payable as

aforesaid to the General Assembly for itinerant preachers.

(4) The annual sum of 1, 1001. chargeable and payable as

aforesaid towards the expenses of the General Assembly.

(5) The annual sum of 861. 3s. Id. land revenue allowances,

chargeable and payable as aforesaid to certain precentors and

ministers.

(6) The annual payment under Royal Warrant to the

minister of Dunkeld and DowaUy of an amount fixed by

reference to Fiars Prices, chargeable and payable as aforesaid.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE.

List of certain Parishes quoad omnia erected under

THE New Parishes (Scotland) Act> 1844.

Parish.

Date op Election

North Bute

26th June 1844.

Shettleston

30th June 1847.

Calton

11th July 1849.

Teviothead -

20th February 1850.

Maiyhill

10th July 1850.

Kirkhope -

- 26th June 1851.

Springburn -

- - 14th June 1864.

Ardoch

21st February 1856.

Colonsay

27th February 1861.

Coll -

- 16th March 1865.

1925.

Church of Scotland

{Property and Endoioments) Act, 1925.

Ch. 33.

1077

NINTH SCHEDULE.

Sectioiu 22

and 46.

List oi' Buegh Churches.

1. East Kii’k, Aberdeen.

2. Greyfriars, Aberdeen. Manse.

3. North Kirk, Aberdeen.

4. South Kirk, Aberdeen.

5. St. Clement’s, Aberdeen. Manse.

6. West Kirk, Aberdeen. Manse.

7. Greyfriars, Dumfries.

8. St. Clement’s, Dundee.

9. St. David’s, Dundee. Manse.

10. St. John’s, Dundee.

11. St. Paul’s, Dundee. Manse.

12. Canongate, Edinburgh.

13. Greenside, Edinburgh. Manse.

14. Greyfriars New, Edinburgh.

15. Greyfriars Old, Edinburgh.

16. High Kirk (St. Giles’), Edinburgh.

17. Lady Yester’s, Edinburgh.

18. New North (West St. GUes’), Edinburgh. Manse.

19. St. Andrew’s, Edinburgh.

20. St. George’s, Edinburgh.

21. St. John’s, Edinburgh.

22. St. Mary’s, Edinburgh.

23. St. Stephen’s, Edinburgh. Manse.

24. Trinity College, Edinburgh.

26. Tron, Edinburgh.

26. College or Blackfriars, Glasgow. Manse.

27. St. .^drew’s, Glasgow.

28. St. David’s or Ramshorn, Glasgow. Manse.

29. St. George’s, Glasgow, Manse.

30. St. James’, Glasgow.

31. St. John’s, Glasgow.

32. St. Paul’s, Glasgow.

33. Tron, Glasgow.

34. East Kirk, Greenock,

35. Middle Kirk, Greenock. Manse.

36. High Kirk, Kilmarnock.

37. High, Paisley. Manse.

38. Laigh, Paisley. Manse.

39. Middle, Paisley. Manse.

40. St. John’s, Perth. Manse.

41. St. Paul’s, Perth.

1078

Ch. 33

9th Sch.

— cont.

Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Property and Endoimnents) Act, 1925.

42. St. Mark’s, Perth. Manse.

43. Queensferry. •

44. North, Stirling.

45. M'est, Stirling.

Section 23.

TENTH SCHEDULE.

List of Parliamentary Churches and Manses.

Name of Place.

Parish or Island.

County.

1. Loch-Gilphead

Glassary

Argyll.

2. Muckaim (manse only)

Muckaim -

do.

3. Duror - .

Appin

do.

4. Kilmeny (manse only)

Islay Island

do.

5. Portnahaven

do.

do.

6. Oe or 0th ...

do.

do.

7. Kinlochspelvie

Mull Island -

do *

8. Salen (manse only)

do.

do.

9. Tobermory .

do.

do.

10. Ulva ....

Ulva Isle

do.

11. Iona ....

Iona Isle

do.

12. Strontian

Ardnamurchan -

do.

13. Acharacle ...

do.

do.

14. North-Ballachulish

Kilmallie

Inverness,

15. Ardgour (no manse)

do.

Argyll.

16. Rothiemurchus (manse

Rothiemurchus .

Inverness.

only).

17. Tomintoul -

Kirkmichael

Banff.

18. Inch (manse only)

Kingussie -

Inverness.

19. Steinsholl (in Trotter-

Skye Island

do.

nlsh).

20. Halen (in Watemish) -

do.

do.

21. Trumisgarry

N. Uist Isle

do.

22. Bemera Isle

Harris -

do.

23. Plockton ...

Lochalsh

Ross and Cromarty.

24. Shieldaig ...

Applecross -

do.

25. Camoch, Strath-Conan

Contin

do.

26. Kinloch-Luichart -

do.

do.

27. Poole we ...

Gairloch

do.

28. Croich ....

Kincardine -

do.

29. Ullapool

Loch-Broom

do.

30. Cross (Ness District) -

Lewis Island

do.

31. Knock (Eye District) -

do.

do.

1925.

Church of Scotland

{Property and Endowmerds) Act, 1925.

Ch. 33.

1079

Name of Place.

Parish or Ifttand.

County.

32. Rhuiatore ...

Ass3mt

Sutherland.

33. Kinloch-Bervie* .

Edrachilles .

do.

34. Strathy

Farr ...

do.

35. Berriedale ...

Latheron

Caithness.

36. Keiss ....

Wick -

do.

37. Deemess (manse only) .

St. Andrew and

Orkney and

Deemess.

Shetland.

3S. N. Ronaldshay (manse

Cross and Bumess

do.

only).

39. Sandwich (manse only)

Dunrossness

do.

40. Quarlf....

Quarfi...

do.

41. Interwick, or Innerwick

Fortingall -

Perth,

(in Glenlyon).

42. Rannach

do.

do.

43. Kirktown of Fosa

Dull -

do.

ELEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Cebtificate of Shebiff undeb the Chubch of

Scotland (Pbopebty and Endowments) Act, 1925.

County of

Parish of

I, , sheriff of

as authorised by the Church of Scotland (Property and

Endowments) Act, 1925, hereby certify that all obligations

incumbent on the heritors of the said parish, with respect to the

subjects mentioned in the Schedule annexed hereto have been

fulfilled.

[Signature and date, ]

Schedule.

Church or manse

{Insert or refer to a description of the church, and the site thereof,

or tlhe manse {with pertinents, if any) and the site thereof,

or both of the said subjects {as the case may he) to which

the certificate relates.)

10th Sch.

— cont.

Section 28.

1080 -

Section 48.

Section 35.

Ch. 33. Church of Scotland 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

(Property and Endouments) Act, 1925.

TWELFTH SCHEDULE.

' #

Enactments repealed. *

Session and

Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

1

50 Geo. 3.

c. 84.

The Teinds Act, 1810

i

The whole Act.

5 Geo. 4. c. 72

The Teinds Act, 1824

The whole Act.

5 Geo. 4. c. 90

An Act to amend an Act

for buOding additional

Places of Worship in the

Highlands and Islands of

Scotland.

Sections 13 and 14, so

far as those sections

relate to payment of

stipend, sections 23

and 24.

8 & 9 Vict.

The Poor Law (Scotland)

Section 64, from "pro-

c. 83.

Act, 1846.

" vided also " to the

end of the section.

17 & 18 Vict,

c. 80.

The Registration of Births,

Deaths and Marriages

(Scotland) Act, . 1854.

Section 13.

THIRTEENTH SCHEDULE.

Form of Memorandum of Allocation.

The proportion of the annual sum of £ created by

(particulars of deed) allocated upon aU and whole (description

of land) is hereby fixed at £ (and if an increase is

payable, add) with £ of increase making a total of

£ per aimum.

\To be signed by minister or trustees under deed of constitution or the General Trustees, as the case may be, or

by an agent on behalf of the minister or trustees or

General Trustees, respectively.1

1925.

Northern Ireland Land

Act, 1925. Ch. 31.

1081

CHAPTER 34.

An iCct to amend the Law relating to the Occupation and Ownership of Land in Northern

Ireland; and for other purposes relating

thereto.

[28th May 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with_the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; —

Part I.

Finance.

1. — (1) In the case of advances made in pursuance Alteration

of purchase agreements entered into or deemed to be of rate of

entered into after the passing of this Act (in this Act Purchase

referred to as new purchase agreements):—

(a) li'our pounds fifteen shillings shall be substituted

for three pounds five shillings as the rate of the

purchase annuity under section forty-five of the

Irish Land Act, 1903 (in this Act referred to as 3 E<lw. 7.

the Act of 1903):o- 37.

(&) The rate of interest to be paid by the Land

Purchase Commission, Northern Ireland (in this Act referred to as the Commission) to the

National Debt Commissioners under section

thirty-six of the Act of 1903, shall be four-and-

a-half per cent, per annum instead of two-and-

three-quarters per cent, per annum;

(c) Four-and-a-hall per cent, per annum shall be

substituted for three-and-a-half per cent, per

annum as the rate of interest under subsection (2)

of section eighteen and section twenty-four of the Act of 1903:

(d) Five shillings per cent, per annum shall be substituted for ten shillings per cent, per annum in

sections thirty-six and forty-seven of the Act of

1903, as the rate of sinking fund payments:

1082

Power to

create

guaranteed

Four-and-a-

half per

cent, bonds.

Ch. 31. Northern Ireland Land 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Provided that purchase agreements entered into after

the passing of this Act on the resale by the Commission

of land purchased or agreed to he purchased hy4; hem

before the passing of this Act shall he treated for the

praposes of this Part of this Act as purchase agreements

entered into before the passing of this Act, and not as

new purchase agreements.

(2) The National Debt Commissioners shall in

accounts kept by them of the Irish Land Purchase Pund

distinguish between advances made - "in pursuance of

purchase agreements entered into before the passing

of this Act and of new purchase agreements.

2.—(1) The power of the Treasury to create stock

for the purpose of raising money required for the Irish

Land Purchase Pund (including the Land Purchase Aid

Pund) shall include power to create and issue bonds to

he called guaranteed four-and-a-half per cent, bonds of

such denominations, not in any case less than five pounds,

as the Treasury may determine, and redeemable in manner

hereinafter provided.

(2) Interest on the bonds at the rate of four-and-a-

half per cent, per annum shall he payable half yearly or

quarterly on such days in each year as may he fixed by *

the warrant authorising the creation of the bonds, and the

provisions of the Act of 1903 relating to stock (other than

provisions as to the redemption of stock) shall, so far as

they are applicable to bonds, and are not inconsistent

with other provisions of this Act, apply to guaranteed

four-and-a-half per cent, bonds created under this Act as

they apply to the guaranteed two-and-three-quarters per

cent, stock created under that Act with the substitution of interest at the rate of four-and-a-half per cent,

for dividends at the rate of two-and-three-quarters per

cent.

(3) The bonds shall he redeemable by means of

periodical drawings, and the Treasury may make

arrangements for the redemption thereof at par, and

may make regulations for the drawing of such bonds,

and for that purpose there shall he set aside yearly

in the Irish Land Purchase Pund and applied by

1925.

Northern Ireland Land

Act, 1925. Ch. 31.

1083

the National Debt Commissioners for the redemption •of bonds drawn for payment, a sum ascertained

in aoicordance with the First Schedule to this Act:

Provided that any such bonds may, after the expiration

of thirty yeari from the passing of this Act, if not

previously redeemed, be redeemed at par at such times

and in such manner as the Treasury may direct.

(1) The definition of. Government stock in subsection (2) of section five of the Savings Banks Act, 56 & 57vict.

1893, shall be read as if bonds issued under this section

werfe included in the First Schedule to the said Savings

Banks Act, 1893.

3. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in section twenty- Advances lo

seven of the Act of 1903 the advances made in pursuance '' in

of new purchase agreements shall be made by means of

an issue of guaranteed four-and-a-half p.er cent, bonds

equal in nominal amount to the sum to be advanced:

Provided that where the total amount to be advanced at

any one time in respect of holdings or untenanted land

the property of the same vendor is not five pounds or

a multiple of five pounds such part of the total amount

so advanced as represents a fraction of five pounds shall

be paid in money.

(2) The last preceding subsection shall, notwithstanding anything in the Irish Land Act, 1909 (in this 9 Edw. 7.

Act referred to as the Act of 1909), apply to advances «■ 42.

made for the purpose of purchases in pursuance of final

offers sent under section forty-three of the Act of 1909

after the passing of this Act.

(3) Bonds issued in pursuance of this section as

the equivalent of an advance shall, as between the

vendor and the purchaser, be accepted by the vendor as

the equivalent of the corresponding amount of purchase

money, and any person having power to sell under the

Land Purchase Acts, although he is not an absolute

owner, may enter into a new purchase agreement,

notwithstanding that the purchase money is to be

paid in bonds in pursuance of this section instead of

in cash.

(4) Where an advance is made by means of the issue

of guaranteed four-and-a-half per cent, bonds, the sum to

1084

Provisions

as to bonus.

Amendment

of financial

provisions.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 67.

Recovery of

money, &c.,

paid in

mistake.

Power to

make rules.

Ch. 34. Northern Ireland Land 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

be paid for the redemption of the whole or part of the

purchase annuity payable in respect of the advance shall

be the difference between the sinking fund deemed to

have been accumulated in respect of the advance and

the amount of the advance (with intercut thereon to

date) or the requisite proportion of that difference as

the case requires, and such sum shall be determined in

accordance with rules made by the Treasury. Any sums

so paid shall be paid by the Commission into the Land

Purchase Pund and shall be applied in accordance with

the Pirst Schedule to this Act.

4. The percentage payable under section forty-

eight of the Act of l903 (in this Act referred to as the

bonus), shall, in respect of new purchase agreements, be

calculated in the manner and at the rates specified in

the Second Schedule to this Act.

5. The liability of the Commission to make the

annual payments mentioned in section thirty-six of the

Act of 1903 in respect of advances for purposes in

Northern Ireland shall cease to the extent to which the

annual sum payable to the Land Purchase Fund in

pursuance of subsection (2) of section twenty-six of the

Government of Ireland Act, 1920, represents purchase

annuities payable in respect of such advances, and the

residue of such payments including payments in respect

of losses, if any, on re-sales, shall, if and so far as the

receipts of the Commission are insufficient, be discharged

as part of the expenses of the Commission.

6. Any moneys, bonds, stocks, or securities paid or distributed by the Commission to the wrong person, through

a mistake of law or fact, shall be recoverable by the Commission as if they were debts due to the Crown.

7. The power of making rules conferred on the

Treasury by the Land Purchase Acts shall extend to the

making of rules for carrying the financial provisions of this Act into effect, and for adapting to the requirements of this Act such provisions of the Land Purchase

Acts or any other enactment passed prior to this Act

as relate to land purchase finance.

1925.

Northern Ireland Land

Act, 1925. Ch. 34.

1085

• Part II.

Automatic Sale of TenanteiJ Land.

A

8.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, and notwithstanding anything in section nine of the Act of 1903,

all tenanted land in Northern Ireland shall on the

appointed day, by virtue of this Part of this Act vest in

the Commission in the like manner and with the like consequences as if vesting orders had been made on the

appointed day in respect thereof under section sixteen of the Act of 1903, in pursuance of new purchase agreements for the purchase of the same at the standard price

entered into on the appointed day by the Commission with

persons having power to sell under the Land Purchase

Acts.

(2) A purchase agreement deemed to have been

entered into for the purposes of this section shall be

deemed to have been entered into with the owner of the

interest of the immediate landlord where that interest is

sufficient to constitute the owner thereof a person having

power to sell under the Land Purchase Acts, and, where

that interest is not sufficient, to have been entered into

with the owner of the interest of the next superior landlord

whose interest is sufficient.

(3) This section shall not apply to—

(a) any land which has been purchased under the

Land Purchase Acts or is on the appointed

day the subject of an actual purchase agreement thereunder; or

(b) any holding which is not substantially agricultural or pastoral or partly agricultural and

partly pastoral in character, or any holding the

main object of the letting of which was for a

residence; or

(c) any holding usually occupied by a person

regularly employed on a demesne, home farm,

park, garden, or pleasure ground belonging to the landlord; or

Vesting of

unpurcliased

tenanted

land in the

Coioniission.

1086

Standard

price.

Interest on

bonus in

respect of

land so

vested.

Payment of

inierest and

rent.

Ch. 34. Northern Ireland Land 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(d) any holding which possesses a substantial value

or utility whether potential or actual as building

grotind or is a town park; or •

(e) any land which is vested in oj held in trust

for His Majesty; or

(f) any land which is held, whether as landlords or

tenants, by any Government Department, or

by any local or public authority for the

purposes of their powers and duties as such

authority, or by any corporation or company

for the purposes of a railway, dock, canal,

water, or other public undertaking.

9. The standard price of each holding which vests

in the Commission by virtue of this Part of this Act shall

be a capital sum of such amount that interest thereon at

the rate of four and three-quarters per cent, per annum

will be equal to the standard purchase annuity for the

holding as ascertained in accordance with the Third

Schedule to this Act.

10. —(1) If the bonus payable in respect of a holding

vested in the Commission by virtue of this Part of this Act is not paid within a period of one year from the gale

day last preceding the appointed day, interest shall be

payable thereon at the rate of four-and-a-half per cent,

per anmim from the expiration of that period up, to the

date of payment.

(2) Interest on the bonus shall be raised and provided iu like manner as the bonus and shall be treated as

part of the bonus and paid therewith.

11. —(1) The rent due on the gale day last preceding the appointed day, together with any arrears of

rent then due (other than arrears which accrued due on a

gale day prior to the passing of this Act) may, if not paid

on or before the appointed day be recovered after the

appointed day by the person entitled thereto notwithstanding that the holding has vested in the Commission,

but no arrears shall be paid out of the purchase money.

(2) Interest on the purchase money at the rate of

four-and-a-half per cent, per annum shall be payable as

1925.

Northern Ireland Land

Act, 1925.

Ch. 34.

1087

from the gale day last preceding the appointed day up

to the date from which interest commences to accrue

on the bonds representing the purchase money. Interest

so payable shall be paid at such time or times as may

he prescribed by rules under Part I. of this Act, and shall

be treated as interest payable under subsection (2) of

section eighteen of the Act of 1903. The bonds shall be

placed to credit on such date as the Treasury may, by

rules made under Part I. of this Act, prescribe; and that

date shall be the date of the commencement of the

purchase annuity, and the placing of the bonds to credit

shall operate as an investment of the purchase money

under section twenty-six of the Act of 1909 as from the

date from which interest commences to accrue on the

bonds.

12. —(1) The Commission shall take steps to secure

that every holding vested in them by virtue of this Part

of this Act shall be vested in the tenant thereof as

soon as possible after the appointed day, and for that

purpose the tenant of each such holding shall be deemed

on the appointed day to have entered into a new purchase agreement for the purchase of the holding from the

Commission at the standard price, and the interest on the

purchase money payable under section thirty-five of the

Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896, shall be at the rate of four

and three-quarters per cent, per annum, and shall be

payable as from the gale day last preceding the appointed

day on such date or dates as may be prescribed by rules

under Part I. of this Act. Provision shall be made out

of such interest payments towards the sinking fund

in respect of the advance to the tenant.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the last preceding

subsection, the Commission may, if it appears to them

that the improvement or re-arrangement of any such

holdings is essential and practicable, enter into and give

effect to agreements with the tenants for the sale of the

holdings as improved and re-arranged at such price and

on such terms as may be agreed.

(3) The limitations on the amounts that may be

advanced to tenants under the Land Purchase Acts

shall not apply in the case of sales to tenants under this

Part of this Act.

Provisions as

to resale of

holdings

vested in the

Commission.

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 47.

1088

Provision for

remission of

half-year’s

rent.

Sub-tenants.

Ch. 34. Northern Ireland Land 15 & 10 Geo. 6.

Act, 1926.

13. For the purpose of providing for the remission

to tenants of holdings vested in the Commission by rirtue

of this Part of this Act of one-half year’s rent thereof

the following provisions shall have effect:—

(a) Subject to the provisions of paragraph (6) of this

section there shall, in accordance with rules

made by the Treasury under Part I. of this Act,

he deducted from the interest payable by the

tenant under section thirty-five of the Land

Law (Ireland) Act, 1896, such an amount as is

equal to the half-year’s rent due on the gale day

last preceding’ the appointed day; and there

shall be similarly deducted from the interest

payable to the person to whom interest is

payable under subsection (2) of section eighteen

of the Act of 1903 a corresponding amount:

Provided that the Commission shall pay to

such last-mentioned person, or as he may direct,

one-half of the amount so deducted from the

interest payable to him:

(h) Where it is shown to the satisfaction of the

Commission that the tenant has not before the

appointed day paid the half-year’s rent due on

the gale day last preceding the appointed day,

then paragraph (a) shall not apply, but the said

half-year’s rent shall not be payable, and all

liability for payment thereof by the tenant shall

be extinguished, and there shall be paid by the

Commission to the person who, hut for this

paragraph, would have been entitled to receive

such rent an amount equal to one-half of the

rent so remitted:

(c) Any payments made by the Commission under

this section shall be treated as part of the

expenses of the Commission.

14. -(1) Where a holding of tenanted land, which

is vested in the Commission by virtue of this Part of this Act, is sub-let, then for the purposes of the provisions of this Act, as to standard price and as to resales by the

Commission, the following provisions shall have effect:—

(a) If the entire of the holding is in the occupation

of a sub-tenant, the rent payable by the sub-

1925.

or therm Ireland Land

Act, 1925. Ch. 31.

1089

tenant shall be taken to be the rent payable

• in respect of the holding, and the sub-tenant

« shall he taken to he the tenant;

(h) If the entire of the holding is iii the occupation

of tw6 or more sub-tenants, th^ portion in the

* occupation of each sub-tenant shall he treated as

a separate holding held at the rent payable in

respect of the sub-tenancy, and the sub-tenant

shall he treated as the tenant thereof;

(c) If portion of the holding is in the occupation of the tenant and the remainder is in the occupation of one or more suh-tenants, the portion in

the occupation of the tenant shall he treated as

a separate holding held at such part of the

rent payable in respect of the entire holding as

may be apportioned thereto by the Commission,

that part being treated as a first, second or third

term judicial rent or a non-judicial rent according

to the character of the rent payable in respect of the entire holding and the tenant shall he treated

as tenant thereof, and so much of the remainder

of the holding as is in the occupation of any

sub-tenant shall he treated as a separate holding

held at the rent payable in respect of the subtenancy, and the sub-tenant shall he treated as

the tenant thereof;

(d) Whete portion of a holding is sub-let and that

portion is of such character that it ought not in

the opinion of the Commission to he treated as

a separate holding for the purposes aforesaid,

the Commission may treat the holding as if the

portion was not sub-let or in the occupation of the sub-tenant.

(2) For the purposes of this section subsections (2)

and (3) of section fifteen of the Act of 1903 shall apply

with the substitution of the Commission or vendor, as

the case requires, for the owner of the estate.

15. — (1) "With respect to any land vested in the Sportinjr

Commission by virtue of this Part of this Act or any rij^hts.

untenanted land purchased under section forty-three or

Part IV. of the Act of 1909, the owner of the land may

give notice within the prescribed time and in the

prescribed manner that he desires that such rights as

3Z

1090 Ch. 31. Isorthern Ireland Land 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

are hereinafter mentioned which he has exclusive of the

tenant should he reserved to him, and where sijph a

notice is giveli there shall he reserved to the owner the

land, as if an agreement to that effect had been entered

into under section thirteen of the Act of ld03—

(a) in the case of tenanted land, any right of fishing

or taking fish; and

(b) in the case of untenanted land, both those rights

and all other sporting rights.

(2) Subject as aforesaid the said section thirteen shall

apply with respect to sporting rights affecting any such

land as aforesaid.

Mineral 16. —(l) Any rights to or in relation to mines or

rights. minerals on or under a holding which on a sale by agreement under the Land Purchase Acts would he reserved

to the Commission pursuant to section thirteen of the Act

of 1903, shall, subject to section ninety-nine of the said

Act, and save as hereinafter provided, vest in the Commission on the vesting of the holding in them by virtue of this Part of this Act, and shall be reserved to the Commission on the resale of the holding without the necessity

of any express reservation.

(2) If, on an application made by the owner within

the prescribed time and in the prescribed manner, the

Commission is satisfied that any such rights possess a

substantial value, whether actual or potential, and that

although they are not being exercised at the time of the

application there is a reasonable prospect of mines or

minerals to which they relate being worked or developed

within twenty years thereafter, they may make an order

directing that all or any of the rights as therein specified

shall to the extent therein mentioned be excepted on the

vesting of the holding in the Commission and they shall

he so excepted accordingly, and shall not be affected by

such vesting. If the Commission refuse to make an

order under this section an appeal shall lie to the Court

of Appeal in Northern Ireland, whose decision shall be

final.

(3) Subsection (4) of section thirteen of the Act of

1003 shall apply as respects any rights excepted under

this section in like manner as it applies as respects rights

reserved under that section.

1925.

Northern Ireland Land

Acf\ 1925.

Ch. 31.

1091

It shall be the duty of every person who is Ascertain-

enti41ed to the rents and profits of any land or who

receives such rents and profits on behalf of any other

person, or who has m his possession or custody any deeds sion_

or other docuiAents relating to such land, rents, or profits,

if so required by the Commission, to furnish in writing

to the Commission, such information, maps, particulars,

and documents, with respect to the laud in such form and

verified in such manner and within such time as the

Commission may by a general or special notice require.

(2) The Commission shall from time to time publish

provisional lists of the land which will become vested in

the Commission on the appointed day by virtue of this

Part of this Act, together with notice of the manner in

which and the time within which objections may he made

to the list by reason of the inclusion or non-inclusion

therein of any land, and shall publish such other notices

as may be required by rules m^e under this Act.

(3) The Commission shall consider and adjudicate

upon any objections duly made and an appeal shall lie

from any decision of the Commission on such objection to the Court of Appeal in Northern Ireland, and the decision

of the Court of Appeal shall be final.

(4) The Commission shall publish final lists of land

with respect to which no objection has been made, and

from time to time as and when objections to other lands

have been finally settled, final lists giving effect to the

results of the settlements. A final list when so published,

whether before or after the appointed day, shall be conclusive evidence that the lands comprised therein will

become or have become vested by virtue of this Part of this Act on the appointed day.

(5) The Commission shall have power to require any

person paying rent to any other person to give such

particulars with respect to the land as they may require.

(6) If any person fails to furnish any information,

map, particular, or document, which he is required to

furnish under this section or knowingly furnishes any

information, map, particular, or document, which is false

in any material particular, he shall on summary conviction

be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to

imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months,

and where any information, map, particular, or document,

I’equired by this section to be given by or on behalf of a

3 Z 2

1092 Ch. 34. Northern Ireland Land 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

person entitled to the rents and profits of any land is not

given within the time required by the Commission no

bonus or interest thereon shall be payable in respegt of the land unless, or except to such extent as, the Commission consider that the failure ought to l*e excused.

(7) Any inspector or other person acting on behalf

of the Commission, maj' after notice sent by post to the

person who appears to be occupier of any land, enter upon

the land and make all such enquiries as may be necessary

to enable the Commission to ascertain the extent and

character thereof, and such other particulars in relation

thereto, as they may require for the purposes of this

section.

(8) Where duties under this section are performed

on behalf of the owner of any land by any land agent,

solicitor, engineer, surveyor, valuer or land clerk nominated with the approval of the Commission he may be

remunerated at a fixed amount or scale to be settled by

the Commission with the assent of the Treasury, and such

amount 'or percentage shall be paid out of the purchase

money as part of the costs connected with the sale.

(9) Any notice or list required to be published

under this section shall be published in the " Belfast

Gazette " and in such other manner as the Commission

consider best adapted for securing publicity.

Siib-(li vision 18 . —(l) Where an objection is made to any such

of hoMitifrs provisional list as aforesaid by reason of the inclusion or

non-inclusion in the list of a holding, then, if the Corn-

ground? mission consider that the holding ought to be included in

the list but for the fact that it possesses a substantial

value or utility as building ground, and that that value or

utility is attributable to a distinct and substantive part of the holding, the Commission may by order direct that the

holding shall be sub-divided, and that that part of the

holding and the remainder of the holding shall become

separate holdings, and that the one shall not be and the

other shall be included in the list, and may apportion

between such separate holdings the rent payable in

respect of the entire holding.

(2) The portion of the rent so apportioned to each

part of the holding shall be treated as a first, second, or

third-term judicial rent or as a non-judicial rent,

according to the character of the rent payable in respect

1925.

Northern Ireland Land

Act, 1925. Ch. 34.

1093

of the entire holding, and each separate holding shall he

held* by the like tenure and upon the like terms and

concHtions as those by and upon which the entire holding

was held, subject to such modifications and adjustments,

if any, as may'appear to the Commission to he necessary

or proper.

(3) The powers of the Commission under the foregoing provisions of this section may be exercised by the

Court of Appeal on an appeal from a decision of the

Commission on any such objection to a provisional list,

and the Court of Appeal may, where their decision

necessitates an apportionment or an alteration of an

apportionment made by the Commission, refer the case

back to the Commission for the making of the apportionment required.

19 . Every person who, for the purposes of this Act, is deemed to have entered into a purchase agreement shall be deemed to have been capable of entering

into such an agreement notwithstanding infancy or lunacy,

or any other disability to which he may have been subject.

20. For the purposes of this Part of this Act

the expression "tenanted land" means land held for a

statutory term or under any contract of tenancy other

than a fee farm grant, or lease for lives or years renewable

for ever or lease for a term of yeai*s of which sixty or

more are unexpired:

Provided that land which has become tenanted land

as above defined by reason of a contract of tenancy entered

into on or after the sixteenth day of December, nineteen

hundred and twenty-four, shall be deemed not to be

tenanted land for the purposes of this Part of this Act.

21. The Commission may declare any holdings

which vest in the Commission by virtue of this Part of this Act fit to be regarded as a separate estate agreed

to be sold to persons other than the Commission for the

purposes of section three of the Act of 1903, w^hich relates

to advances to owners of estates.

22. —(1) For the purpose of carrying this Part

of this Act into effect the Secretary of State may by

order make such adaptations as appear to him to be

necessary or proper of any enactment relative to land

Persons

under disability.

Definition of

tenanted

land.

Purchase

and resale of

demesne, &c.

Ad.aptation

of land

purchase

enactments

and re-

1094

moval of

(lifRcxilties.

Abolition of

power to

fix judicial

rents.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 57.

Ch. 34. Northern Ireland Land 15 & IG Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

purchase in force in Northern Ireland at the time of the

passing of this Act, including such adaptations of enactments applicable to sales of estates as may he necessary

to make the same applicable to sales of holdings.

(2) If any difficulty arises in determining the

land which by virtue of this Part of this Act is vested

in the Commission, or otherwise in carrying this Part of this Act into effect, the Secretary of State may, by Order,

authorise the Commission to take all such steps and do

all such things as may appear to him necessary or

expedient for carrying this Part of this Act into full effect;

and any such Order shall, subject to revocation or

alteration by a subsequent Order, have effect as if

enacted in this Act.

Part III.

General.

23.—(1) After the passing of this Act a judicial rent

shall not be fixed under the Land Law (Ireland) Acts

in respect of any holding, but nothing in this provision

shall prevent the filing after the passing of this Act of

agreements fixing fair rents entered into before the

sixteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and twenty-

four, or the operation of such agreements, when filed, or

the making of rules in relation to such agreements, or the

fixing of a fair rent after the passing of this Act in

pursuance of an application made before the said date.

(2) Where a holding has been excluded from vesting

in the Commission under Part II. of this Act by reason

that it possesses a substantial value or utility (whether

potential or actual) as building ground, and the holding

is subject to a first-term judicial rent, the court shall

have the like power of authorising the resumption thereof

as if the holding had been subject to a second-term

judicial rent:

Provided that nothing in this provision affects any

power of obtaining possession of any holding held at a

non-judicial rent.

(3) The Redemption of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1891,

shall continue to have effect so as to enable proceedings

to he taken for the redemption of the rent of any holding

to which that Act applies, but no consent of the lessor or

1925.

Northern Ireland Land

Act, 1925.

.Ch. 34.

1095

grantor shall he required in order to enable such rent to

be Redeemed, and accordingly section one of that Act

shall have effect—

(a) as if the words "if the lessor or grantor, as the

" case may be, signifies his consent within the

" prescribed time and in the prescribed manner,

" including consent (where such consent is by

" law required) to such sum being retained as

" guarantee deposit as the Land Commission

" may think necessary then" were omitted

therefrom;

(ft) as if for the provisions of that section commencing " Such consent by the lessor or

" grantor, " to the end of the section, there

were substituted the following provision :—

If the Commission certify that an application for redemption of rent is one to which

this section applies, the application shall have

the same effect as the lodgment of a new

purchase agreement.

24 . Section sixteen of the Act of 1909, which prohibits the making of advances in the case of tenancdes

created after the fifteenth day of September, nineteen

hundred and nine, shall cease to have effect.

25. —(1) The powers of the Commission to purchase

untenanted land by agreement or compulsorily under

section forty-three or Part IV. of the Act of 1909, shall he

extended so as to authorise the purchase by them, subject

to the conditions imposed by that Act, of any untenanted

land the sale and redistribution of which, is in their

opinion, desirable for the purpose of facilitating the

resale of tenanted land vested in them by virtue of

Part II. of this Act and the purchase by them of any untenanted hog required for the purpose of providing turbary

for occupiers of land in the neighbourhood, whether such

hog is or is not subject to rights of turbary.

(2) Where for the purpose of enlarging or improving

congested holdings the Commission propose to acquire

compulsorily any untenanted land (whether under Part IV.

of the Act of 1909 or this section) and the price has, under

section sixty-three of the Act of 1909, been fixed by the

Judge of the Supreme Court of Northern Ireland appointed

Repeal of

8. 16 of

Aet of 1909.

Aciiuisition

of un-i

tenanted

land.

1096

Ee^iilations

as to turliary.

Provision

for the

maintenance

of water-

conrses,

drains, and

similar

works.

Ch. 34, Northern Ireland Land 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

to act as Judicial Commissioner, the Commission may, if

they consider that the price so fixed is so high as to fnake

the acquisition of the land for the purpose aforesaid

inexpedient, on serving such notice within such time

as may be prescribed, Avithdraw from •the purchase,

subject to the payment to the other parties to the

proceedings before that judge of such compensation for

any loss or expenses Avhich they may have suffered or

incurred in or in consequence of the proceedings as the

jiidge may determine.

(3) The power of the Commission to purchase untenanted land compulsorily, whether under Part IV. of the Act of 1909 or this section, shall not extend to any

untenanted land which is held by the occupier thereof

in fee simple, or under a fee farm grant, or lease for lives

or years renewable for ever, or lease for a term of years

of which sixty or more are unexpired, and is used by him

as an ordinary farm.

26 . The poAvers of the Commission and of the Ministry of Finance for Northern Ireland to make regulations with respect to turbary on bogs on holdings shall

be extended so as to include power to define the area

on which the proprietor of the holding is to cut turf and

to make regulations with respect to turbary on bog on any

holding, whether the proprietor thereof had or had not

an exclusiA’e right of turbary before the sale, and with

respect to turbary on any bog the property of the vendor,

or of the Commission on which rights or privileges of

turbary were exercised or enjoyed prior to the sale, and

to make regulations conferring and defining rights of

access to the bog over any land for the purposes of

turbary.

27 . —(1) Where it appears to the Commission that

any watercourse, drain, embankment, road, or other work

has, prior to the sale of a holding, been cleansed or

maintained in whole or in part by the landlord or at his

expense for the benefit of the holding, either alone or in

conjunction with other lands, and Avhether under the

terms of the contract of tenancy or other\vise, the

Judicial Commissioner may direct that there shall be

deducted from the purchase money, and transferred and

applied in manner hereinafter provided, a sum, whether

in money, stock or bonds, which, ip his opinion, will yield

1925.

' Northern Ireland Land

Act, 1925. Ch. 31

1097

an income equivalent to the average annual expenditure

incui-sed by the landlord in such cleansing or maintenance

during the period of ten years preceding the date of the passing of this Act, as estimated by the Judicial

Commissioner. •

(2) Every such sum shall he transferred to the Land

Purchase Trustee for Northern L-eland, and may he invested or reinvested, and the income thereof shall he

applied in or towards the cleansing or maintenance of the

watercourse, drain, embankment, road, or other work in

accordance with a scheme to he framed by the Commission

after consultation with the Ministry of Finance for

Northern Ireland, which scheme may, if thought fit,

authorise the application of the principal sum or any

part thereof, or the investments for the time being representing the same, in or towards the reconstruction or

improvement of such work.

(3) Sums so transferred to the Land Purchase Trustee

under this section, and any sums which, prior to the passing

of this Act, have been set apart as a fund for similar

purposes in Northern Ireland, and the investment, reinvestment, and application of the same, and the execution and

alteration of any scheme relating thereto, shall be deemed

to be excluded from the general subject-matter of the Acts

relating to land purchase in Northern Ireland within the

meaning of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920.

28 . Where a purchase agreement has been entered

into or is deemed to have been entered into by a tenant

of a holding, and owing to the death or absence of the

tenant or otherwise, a difficulty arises in ascertaining in

whom the tenancy of the holding is vested, the Commission may nominate any person to represent the tenant

for the purposes of the sale, and may vest the holding in

him accordingly, hut the interest so vested shall he

deemed to he a graft upon the interest of the tenant,

and shall be subject to any rights and equities arising

from its being such graft.

29 . —(1) Where any person—

(a) fails to furnish any information, map, particular, or document which under this Act it

is his duty to furnish, or, in the opinion of the Judicial Commissioner, fails to carry out

such duty in a satisfactory manner; or

Appointment of

person to

represent

tenant for

purposes of

sale.

Power to

appoint

solicitors

(fee., to act

in place of

a person in

default.

1098

Ch. 34.

Amendment

of provisions

as to subdivision,

letting or

mortgaging

of purchased

holdings.

44 & 45 Vict,

c. 49.

Northern Ireland Land 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(b) wilfully fails or refuses to make title or produce

evidence of title; or •

(<?) fails to prosecute any proceedings wi?li due

diligence and effect; »

it shall be lawful for the Judicial Commissioner to appoint

a solicitor, land agent, engineer, surveyor, valuer or land

clerk to act in the matter and to carry out the instructions

of the Commission; and such solicitor, land agent,

engineer, surveyor, valuer or land clerk shall have all

such powers as he would have had had he been duly

employed by such person as aforesaid.

(2) Such costs and remuneration as are approved by

the Judicial Commissioner of any such solicitor, land

agent, engineer, or surveyor so employed shall be payable

out of the purchase money or bonus or interest thereon

payable to such person as aforesaid, or may be paid by

the Commission and in that case shall be recoverable by

the Commission from that person, and, without prejudice

to other methods of recovery, the Commission may deduct

the amount thereof from any purchase money, bonus, or

interest so payable.

30.—(1) Any attempted sub-division or letting of a

holding, in contravention of section thirty of the Land

Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, or section fifty-four of the Act

of 1903 shall be void.

(2) Subsection (3) of section fifty-four of the Act

of 1903 (wLich imposes restrictions on mortgaging)

shall cease to have effect as respects any holding.

(3) Where the Commission or the Ministry of

Finance for Northern Ireland, in the exercise of their

respective powers, authorise the sub-division of a holding

which is subject to a purchase annuity and apportion the

purchase annuity, then, any part of the holding upon

which portion of the purchase annuity is charged shall,

if the Commission or Ministry with the consent of the

registered proprietor of the holding so direct, be deemed

to be consolidated with any other holding of which he is

the registered proprietor and which is subject to a

purchase annuity, and that annuity and the said portion

shall be payable in such manner and subject to such

conditions as may be prescribed.

1925.

Northern Ireland Land

Act, 1925. Ch. 34.

1099

31 . —(1) Where the Commission for the purpose of Provisions

the ascertainment of title to or distribution of purchase ‘^1

money«require any searches to be made in the registry "jtie

of deeds in Dublin, or in the registry of judgments in and distribu-

Dublin, the seardlies shall be made without charge to the tion of

persons entitled to the purchase money, and the costs purchase

thereof (if any) shall be borne as an expense of the

Commission.

(2) The Commission shall not for the purpose of an

investigation of title to or distribution of purchase money

require proof of payment of any estate duty, legacy duty,

succession duty, settlement estate duty, probate duty,

account duty, or temporary estate duty, if the event

which gave rise to an immediate claim to such duty

happened more than twelve years before the date of the

investigation, without prejudice, however, to the liability

of any accountable person to the payment of duty.

32 . —(1) Where the registration of the ownership Provisions

of land, the registration of which is compulsory under ‘p regis-

subsection (1) of section twenty-two of the Local Eegis-

tration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891 (hereinafter called , diased"under

" the Act of 1891 ") has not been effected at the time of Acts,

the passing of this Act, the Commission, or the Ministry a & S.") Viut.

of Finance for Northern Ireland, may furnish to the 66.

Registrar of Titles in Northern Ireland the prescribed

particulars respecting that land, and the name of the

person appearing to them to be in possession thereof, and

the registering authority may thereupon register that

person as the owner of that land with a possessory or

qualified title: Provided that nothing in this subsection

shall affect the operation of subsection (2) of section

thirty-two of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896, or the

registration of the ownership of land in any case to which

that subsection applies.

(2) The first registration of any person as full or

limited ovmer with a possessory title shall have the same

effect as the first registration of a person as full or

limited owner under the Act of 1891, save that registration with a possessory title shall not affect or prejudice

any estate, right, or interest adverse to, or in derogation

of, or otherwise affecting the title of the first registered

owner which is subsisting or capable of arising at the

time of such first registration.

1100 Ch. 34 Northern Ireland Land 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(3) The first registration of any person as full or

limited owner with a qualified title shall have tllfe same

effect as the first registration of a person as full ordimited

owner under the Act of 1891, save that registration with

a qualified title shall not affect or prejtidice any estate,

right, or interest appearing by the register to be excepted

from the effect of registration.

(4) A person registered as owner with a possessory or

qualified title as aforesaid may at any time in the prescribed manner apply for registration with an absolute

title, and all such steps may he taken in regard to such

application as may be taken in proceedings for the discharge of equities under the Act of 1891. If it is found

on the examination of any such application that the

applicant can he registered with a qualified title only

registration may he so effected. The registration of an

absolute title shall have the same effect as the registration

of a person as full or limited owner under the Act of

1891.

(5) Rules under the Act of 1891 may be made for

carrying into effect the object of this section, and the

expression " prescribed " in this section means prescribed

by such rules. Office fees shall not be payable for the

first registration of any title under this section.

(6) In subsection (2) of section thirty-four of the

Act of 1891 as originally enacted and as extended by

subsection (3) of section thirty-two of the Land Law

(Ireland) Act, 1896, the words "loss or damage " shall

be substituted for the word "injury."

(7) In section forty-nine of the Act of 1903 the words

" or any purchaser from them " are hereby repealed.

Power to 33. The power of the Commission, or of any commis-

make rules, sioner or commissioners of the Commission, to make

rules under any enactment which, as originally enacted,

authorised rules to be made by the Irish Land Commission

or by any commissioner or commissioners of that

Commission for any purposes relating or incidental to

land purchase, shall be extended so as to include a power

to make rules for carrying this Act into effect and, as

so extended, shall be exercised by the Judicial Commissioner, after consultation with, and subject to the

approval of the Secretary of State, which consultation

1925.

Northern Ireland Land

Act, 1925. Ch. 34.

1101

and approval shall be in lieu of any consultation and

approval required under any such enactment.

34 . In this Act unless the context otherwise liiteri)reta-

requires:— •

References to any enactment shall he construed as

references to that enactment as it is in force in

Northern Ireland;

References to the Judicial Commissioner shall be

construed as references to the commissioner of the

Commission by whom the powers and duties of the

Judicial Commissioner under the Land Purchase

Acts are, as respects Northern Ireland, to he

exercised and performed pursuant to the Land

Purchase (Northern Ireland) Order, 1923, or any

Order amending the same.

35 . For the purposes of this Act the appointed day Appointed

shall be such day or days, not being more than four

years after the passing of this Act, as may be fixed by

the Commission and different days may be fixed for

different provisions and different purposes of this Act,

and for different areas, and for different holdings or

groups of holdings:

Provided that the Secretary of State may, on proof

to his satisfaction by the Commission that as respects

particular areas it is necessary to fix as an appointed

day or days, some day or days more than four years

after the passing of this Act, authorise such later day or

days to be fixed as respects those areas.

36 . —(1)This Act may be cited as the Northern Short title

Ireland Land Act, 1925, and shall be construed as one

with the Land Purchase Acts, and may be cited with

those Acts.

(2) For the purposes of section six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, this Act shall, so far as it

relates to matters within the powers of the Parliament of

Northern Ireland, be deemed to be an Act passed before

the appointed day within the meaning of that section.

1102

Sections 2

3.

Section 4,

0 JJ 34 ). Noi'lhern Ireland Land 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1025.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE..

Sum to be set aside for Redemption of

Guaranteed 4 i \ per cent. Bonds.

From the aggregate of the amounts paid into the Land

Purchase Fund and representing sinking fund, interest or

redemption payments in respect of advances made by means of the issue of guaranteed 4^ per cent, bonds (including advances

so made for the purpose of the Land Purchase Aid Fund) there

shall be deducted the amount of the interest on the bonds for

the time being outstanding, and the balance as determined in

accordance with regulations made by the Treasury shall be the

sum to be set aside for the redemption of drawn bonds.

A certificate of the amount available for any drawing of

bonds shall be furnished by the National Debt Commissioners

to the Treasury, and shall be published in the London Gazette

not later than one month before the drawing.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Bonus in respect of New Purchase Agreements.

1. The bonus shall be calculated as respects each holding

and parcel of untenanted land.

2. In the case of each holding the bonus shall be a

percentage of the rent and shall be calculated in accordance

with the following table:

County.

First Term Judicial

Rents; i.e., fixed

before IBtb August

18i»«;

per 1001. of rent.

Second Term Judicial

Rents:i.e., fixed

between 1 oth August

18U6 and Ifirh August

1911;

per lOOf. of rent.

Third Term Judicial

Rents; i.e., fixed

after t.'ith August

1911;

per loot, of rent.

Antrim

245-2

188-8

134*6

Armagh -

240-7

2160

133-0

Down

244-1

188-0

134-4

FerinanaRh

240-7

211-4

164-2

Londonderiy

254 0

191-0

135-8

Tyrone

249-5

188-0

134-4

1925. Northern Ireland Land Ch. 34.

Act, 1925.

A rent which is not a judicial rent shall be treated as a

second^ term judicial rent for the purposes of the foregoing

table.

3. In the case of each parcel of untenanted land the bonus

shall be a percenjgge of the fair annual value of the land to the owner as determined by the Commission, and the last

preceding rule shall apply in like manner as if the parcel were

a holding and the fair annual value as so determined were

a third term judicial rent.

4. Where a holding or parcel of untenanted land is

situated in two or more counties, or in a county borough, or

partly in a county borough and partly in one or more counties,

the holding or parcel shall for the purposes of this Schedule

be deemed to be situated in such county as the Commission may

determine.

5. Where a holding which is subject to a third term

judicial rent is, under Part 1. of the Third Schedule to this Act,

treated as if it were still subject to the second term judicial

rent, it shah be so treated for the purposes of this Schedule

also.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Standard Purchase Annuity.

Part I.

Holdings subject to Judicial Rents.

1. The standard purchase annuity shall, in the case of each

holding, be an annuity of an amount equivalent to a percentage

of the judicial rent payable in respect of the holding.

2. The appropriate percentage in the case of each holding

shall be the percentage specified in the following table for the

county in which the holding is situated and for judicial rents

of the same class as the judicial rent which is payable in respect

of the holding, according as it is a first term, second terra, or

third term judicial rent; Provided that where the said rent is

a third term judicial rent and the holding was previously subject

to a second term judicial rent, the holding shall be treated as if

no third term rent had been fixed and it were still subject to the

second term rent in any case where the standard purchase

annuity calculated on that basis would be less than if calculated

on the basis of the third term rent.

3. A holding which is situated in two or more counties or

in a county borough or partly in a county borough and partly

in one or more counties shall, for the purposes of this Schedule,

1103

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Section 9.

Ch. 3i.

1104

Northern Ireland Land 15 & Ifr Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

3bd Sch. be deemed to be situated in such county as the Commission

may determine. *

Pebcentage. •

County.

First Term

Juilicial Rents, i.e.,

fixed before the

16th .August 1890.

Second Term

Judicial Rent^ i.e.,

fixed between the

15th August 1896

and the

Kith August 1911.

Third Term

Judicial Eeiits,

fixed after the

15th Aufiust 1911,

Antrim -

71-5

82-6

88-4

Armagh

70-2

81-0

87-3

Down - - .

71-2

82-3

88-2

Fermanagh

70-2

79-3

86-2

Loudomlerrv -

74-1

83-6

89-1

Tyrone -

V2-H

82-3

88-2

Part If.

Holdings subject to Rents other than Judicial Rents.

1. The rent of a holding to which this Part of this Schedule

ajjplies shall, for the purposes of this Schedule, be treated as if

it were a second term judicial rent unless an objection is made

by the landlord or the tenant in the prescribed manner and

within the prescribed time, and, in the absence of any such

objection, the standard purchase annuity in the case of the

holding shall be a percentage of the actual rent and shall be

ascertained in accordance with Part I. of this Schedule.

2. If any objection is made as aforesaid, the Commission

shall fix an annual sum in respect of the holding, and the

standard purchase annuity shall be a percentage of that annual

sum and shall be ascertained in accordance with Part I. of this

Schedule as if such annual sum were a third term judicial rent.

3. The annual sum to be fixed by the Commission as

aforesaid shall be fixed by the Commission, upon the same

principles as a judicial rent after receiving the report of their

inspector, but without a hearing in court, and their determination shall be subject to appeal to the Judicial Commissioner:

Provided that where a holding or jiart of a holding is

of such a character or the tenancy Avas created at such time or

in such circumstances that an annual sum fixed on the principles

applicable to a judicial rent would be inappropriate as a

basis of price, the Commission in fixing the annual sum shall

have regard to all the circumstances of the case, including

the interests of the parties and the respective A’alues thereof.

4. The procedure on an appeal under the foregoing

paragraph shall, subject to rules to be made under this Act,

be similar to the procedure on appeals from a Sub-Commission

1925. Northern Ireland Land Ch. 34, 35. 1105

Act, 1925.

under the Ijand liuw (Ireland) Acts and the rules may provide 3bd Soh.

for tli^ Judicial (Commissioner bein^ assisted by a lay assessor

and may j)rescribe the prtwers and duties of such assessor.

5. The standard price calctdated on the basis of an

annual sum so by the Commission shall be taken as the

purchase money for the purpose of the calculation and payment of interest under this Act, notwithstanding that an appeal

is pending as to the annual sum, but any payments so calculated

shall be the subject of adjustment when the price is finally

fixed.

6 . This Part of this Schedule applies to every holding

which (a) at the date of the passing of this Act is subject to

a rent other than a judicial rent, and (b) vests, or will vest,

as tenanted land in the Commission by virtue of Part TI. of this Act:

Provided that where an agreement has been made fixing

the fair rent of a holding under the Land Law (Ireland) Acts,

that rent shall not be deemed to be a judicial rent for the

purposes of this Act, unless the agreement was entered into

before the sixteenth day of December 1924, and has been duly

filed in accordance with the rules for the time being in force

under those Acts.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to extend further the duration of the Poor

Law Emergency Provisions (Scotland) Act, 1921,

and to amend certain provisions of that Act as

amended by the Local Authorities (Emergency

Provisions) Act, 1923, and the Poor Law

Emergency Provisions Continuance (Scotland)

Act, 1924.

[28th May 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Poor Law Emergency Provisions (Scotland) Continuance

Act, 1921, as amended by section three of the Local subject to

Authorities (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1923, and amendment

A A

4 A Geo. 6.0.64.

1106

13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 6.

14 & 15

Geo. 5. c. 9.

Short title.

Ch. 35, 36. Poor Law Emergerwy 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Provisions Continuance (Scotland) Act, 1925.

section one of the Poor Law Emergency Provisions

Continuance (Scotland) Act, 1924, shall continue i]» force

until the fifteenth day of JVIay, nineteen hundr^ and

twenty-seven, subject to the following modification :—

the power conferred on a pafish council by

section three of the Local Authorities (Emergency

Provisions) Act, 1923, to make arrangements with

a local authority for the employment by such

authority of destitute ablebodied persons out of

employment and applying for relief on any work

of public utility instituted for the relief of distress

due to unemployment, and to contribute towards

the expenditure of such authority on such work

shall be exercisable whether the work is carried

out by means of labour employed directly by the

authority or by means of labour employed by, a

person contracting with the authority for the

execution of the work, and the proviso to paragraph (a) of the said section three (which provides

that no contribution shall be made by a council

unless the work is carried out by means of labour

employed directly by the authority) shall cease to

have effect.

2. This Act may be cited as the Poor Law

Emergency Pi^ovisions Continuance (Scotland) Act, 1925.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and

Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter

other Duties, and to amend the law relating to

Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise)

and the National Debt, and to make further

provision in connection with Finance.

[30th June 1925.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects

the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards

raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty’s

public expenses, and making an addition to the public

1925.

Finance AcU 1925.

Ch. 36.

1107

revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give

and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech

Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the advice and^ consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; —

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

1. The duty of customs payable on tea until

the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-

five, under section one of the Finance Act, 1924, shall,

subject to the provisions of section eight of the Finance

Act, 1919 (which relates to imperial preferential rates),

continue to be charged, levied and paid until the first

day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, that

is to say :—

Tea . the pound fourpence.

2. The additional duties of excise imposed by

section eleven of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, upon

medicines liable to duty shall continue to be charged,

levied and paid until the first day of August, nineteen

hundred and twenty-six.

3. —(1) There shall on and after the first day of

July, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, be charged,

levied and paid on any of the following articles imported

into Great Britain or Northern Ireland the foUovJng

duties of customs, that is to say:—

Motor cars, including motor bicycles

and motor tricycles - - ,

Accessories and component parts of

motor cars, motor bicycles, or An amount

motor tricycles other than tyres - equal to

Musical instruments, including thirty-three

gramophones, pianolas, and other and

similar instruments - f one-third

Accessories and component parts of per cent, of

musical instruments, and records the value of

and other means of reproducing the article,

music.

Clocks, watches, and the component

parts of clocks and watches

4 A 2

Duty on

tea.

14 & 15 Geo.

5. c. 21.

9 & 10 Geo.

5. c. 32.

Continuation of

increased

medicine

duties.

6 & 6 Geo. 5.

c. 89.

Customs

duties on

motor cars,

musical

instruments,

clocks,

films, &c.

1108

Ch. 36.

Finance Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

12 & 13 Geo,

5. c. 17.

13 & 14 Geo.

6. c. 14.

Customs

duties on

silk and

artificial

silk.

Excise duty

on artificial

silk.

Cinematograph films imported for the purpose of the exhibition of pictures or other optical effects

by means of a cinematograph or other similar

apparatus:— •

Per linear foot

• of the standard

width of

If inches.

£ s. d.

Blank film, on which no picture

has been impressed, known as raw

film or stock - - 0 0 0 J

Positives, i.e., films containing a

picture for exhibition, whether

developed or not - 0 0 1

Negatives, i.e., films containing a

photograph, whether developed or

not, from which positives can be

printed.0 0 5

(2) The provisions of subsections (1), (3), (4), (5)

and (6) of section thirteen of the Finance (No. 2) Act,

1915, of section twelve of the Finance Act, 1922, and of

section nine of the Finance Act, 1923, which are set out

in the First Schedule to this Act, and which as originally

enacted applied in relation to the duties charged by the

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, on the articles or some of the

articles charged with duty by this section, shall have

effect as if they were re-enacted in this Act and in terms

made applicable to the duties imposed by this section.

4. There shall on and after the first day of July,

nineteen hundred and twenty-five, be charged, levied

and paid on the importation into Great Britain or

Northern Ireland of the articles specified in the first

column of Part I. of the Second Schedule to this Act

respectively the duties of customs specified in the second

column of the said Part I., and there shall be allowed and

paid the drawbacks set out in Part II. of the said

Schedule, but subject as respects both duties and drawbacks to the provisions contained in Part III. of the

said Schedule.

6.—(1) There shall on and after the first day of

July, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, be charged,

levied and paid on every pound weight of artificial silk

1925.

Finance Act, 1925.

Ch. 36.

1109

singles yam or straw manufactured in Great Britain or

Northern Ireland (other than yarn produced by spinning

from Artificial silk waste on which duty has been paid

under this Act) an excise duty of one shilling, and on

every pound weight of artificial silk waste so manufactured

an excise duty of* sixpence, and there shall, as from the

date aforesaid, be paid and allowed the drawbacks set

out in Part II. of the Second Schedule hereto, but

subject as respects both duties and drawbacks to the

provisions contained in Part III. of that Schedule.

(2) There shall on and after the date aforesaid be

charged, levied and paid on a licence to be taken out

annually by a manufacturer of artificial silk yarn in

Great Britain or Northern Ireland an excise duty of

one pound.

(3) The Commissioners may make regulations—

(a) prohibiting the manufacture of artificial silk

yarn or waste in Great Britain or Northern

Ireland except by persons holding a licence

and having made entry for that purpose;

(b) fixing the date of the expiration of the licence;

(c) regulating the manufacture of any such yarn

or waste and the delivery thereof from the

manufactory with a view to securing and

collecting from the manufacturers thereof the

excise duty imposed by this section;

(d) applying to the excise duty and drawbacks on

any such yarn or waste and to manufactiuers

thereof any enactments relating to any duty

or drawback of excise or customs;

(e) providing for any exemption required for the

purpose of relieving from duty any artificial

silk intended for exportation.

(4) If any person acts in contravention of, or fails

to comply with, any regulation made under this section,

the article in respect of which the offence is committed

sliaU be forfeited and the person committing the offence

shall be Liable in respect of each offence to an excise

penalty of fifty pounds.

1110

CustoroB

duty on

lace.

Customs

duty on

imported

hops, and

Ch. 36. Finance Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

(5) In this section the expression "artificial silk

yarn " includes artificial silk thread and straw.

6. —(1) During a period of five years beginning on

the first day of July, nineteen hundred^and tv^enty-five,

a duty of customs equal to thirty-three and one-third

per cent, of the value of the goods shall be charged on

the importation into Great Britain or Northern Ireland

of any of the following goods (that is to say):—

Lace of cotton, sfik, or other fibre, whether made

by hand or machine;

Products (not being solid fabrics) of the machines

known as the Leaver’s lace machine, the lace

curtain machine, the lace net machine, or the

circular lace machine;

Embroidery manufactured on net or any fabric

which, or the main part of which, is eliminated

before the article reaches its final stage.

(2) If any goods chargeable with duty under this

section are proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners

to be goods brought back into Great Britain or Northern

Ireland after having been exported therefrom for the

purpose of undergoing any process out of Great Britain

or Northern Ireland, the value of the goods for the

purposes of this section shall be taken to be their value

as ascertained in accordance with the provisions of this

Part of this Act after deducting therefrom such amount

as is proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to

have been the value of the goods at the time of exportation, together with freight and insurance outwards.

(3) If it is proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that duty has been paid under this section in

respect of any goods, and that the goods have not been

used in Great Britain or Northern Ireland, a drawback

equal to the amount of the duty so paid shall be allowed

on the goods if exported as merchandise.

7. —(1) During a period of four years beginning on

the sixteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and

twenty-five, there shall be charged, levied and paid

on the following goods imported into Great Britain

1925.

Finance Act, 1925.

Ch. 36.

nil

or Northern Ireland the following

that is to say :—

duties of customs.

Hops - the cwt.

Every extract, essence or other

similar preparation made from

hops . - -

4

s.

0

d.

0

An amount equal to the

duty on the quantity

of hops which, in

the opinion of the

Commissioners,

been used in

manufacture of

extract.

preparation.

consequential modifications of

beer duties

and drawbacks.

has

the

the

essence or

and as from the beginning of the said period there shall,

on the exportation from Great Britain or Northern

Ireland of hops in the case of which it is showm to the

satisfaction of the Commissioners that they were imported in the packages in which they are being exported,

be allowed and paid a drawback equal to the duties

of customs shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been paid in respect thereof.

(2) There shall during the period of four years aforesaid, in addition to the duties of customs payable on

beer at the commencement of this Act, be charged, levied

and paid on beer imported into Great Britain or Northern

Ireland the following additional duty of customs, that

is to say :—

For every thirty-six gallons where the

wnrts thereof were before fermentation of a specific gravity of one

thousand and fifty-five degrees - ten pence

and there shall, in addition to the customs drawback

payable at the commencement of this Act, be allowed

and paid, on the exportation or shipment for use as

stores of beer on wdiich it is shown to the satisfaction

of the Commissioners that the aforesaid additional

customs duty has been paid, an additional drawback,

calculated according to the original gravity of the beer,

at the rate of tenpence for every thirty-six gallons of an

original gravity of one thousand and fifty-five degrees.

1112

Ch. 36.

Finance Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

(3) During a period of four years beginning on the

sixteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and

twenty-five, there shall, in addition to the excise flraw-

back payable at the commencement of this A«t, be

allowed and paid in respect of beer exported from Great

Britain or Northern Ireland as merchandise or shipped

for use as stores an additional drawback, calculated

according to the original gravity of the beer, at the rate

of tenpence for every thii-ty-six gallons of an original

gravity of one thousand and fifty-five degrees.

(4) In the case of beer which is not of the gravity

of one thousand and fifty-five degrees, the duty or the

drawback under this section, as the case may be, shall

be varied proportionately.

Imperial 8.—(1) During a period of ten years beginning on

preference the first day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-five,

" " sugar, molasses, glucose and saccharin, if Empire products,

sugar, c. charged respectively with customs duties at

preferential rates representing the full rates of customs

duty for the time being in force reduced by the respective

amounts specified in the second column of Part I. of the

Third Schedule to this Act instead of at the preferential

rates chargeable under the Second Schedule to the

Finance Act, 1919, and section eight of the said Act

shall have effect accordingly:

Provided that, if at any time during the period

aforesaid the full rate of the customs duty chargeable in

respect of any of the said articles is decreased so as to

be equal to or less than the amount of the reduction to

be allowed as aforesaid, that article, if an Empire

product, shall be free of duty.

(2) In lieu of the present excise duties on sugar,

molasses, glucose and saccharin there shall, during the

period aforesaid, be charged, levied and paid excise

duties at rates equal to the preferential rates of the

customs duties for the time being chargeable on the hke

articles.

(3) Where the duty of customs or excise payable

on any molasses, or in respect of the material from which

any molasses is produced, is payable under this section

at a reduced rate, any drawback or allowance payable in

1925.

Finance Act, 1925.

Ch. 36.

1113

respect thereof shall he reduced to an amount bearing

to the full customs drawback or allowance the same

propi^-tion as the reduced rate of duty bears to the full

customs rate.

(4) In this , >Act the expression "Empire products "

means such Empire products as are entitled to preferential rates under section eight of the Finance Act, 1919.

9. —(1) As from the first day of July, nineteen Imperial

hundred and twenty-five, the goods specified in the first preference

column of Part II. of the Third Schedule to this Act respect

shall, if Empire products, be charged respectively with "

customs duties at the preferential rates specified in the

second column of the said Part II. instead of at the

preferential rates chargeable under the Second Schedule

to the Finance Act, 1919, and section eight of the said

Act shall have effect accordingly.

(2) The goods specified in the first column of Part III.

of the Third Schedule to this Act shall, if Empire products, be charged respectively with customs duties at the

preferential rates specified in the second column of the

said Part III. iu all respects as if the said Part III. were

included in the Second Schedule to the Finance Act, 1919.

(3) As from the first day of July, nineteen hundred

and twenty-five, section nine of the Finance Act, 1919,

(which reduced the excise duty payable on certain goods,

including tobacco, by one-sixth), shall have effect as

though, in respect of tobacco, one-fourth were substituted for one-sixth.

(4) Where the duty of customs or excise on any

tobacco is payable under this section at a reduced rate,

any drawback payable in respect thereof shall be reduced

to an amount bearing to that drawback the same proportion as the reduced rate payable under this section

bears to the rate of duty which would otherwise have

been payable.

10. —(1) Where the rate of a duty of customs imposed

by this Act on any article is a percentage of the value of the article, that value shall be taken to be the price which

an importer would give for the article, if it were delivered,

freight and insurance paid, in bond at the port of

Definition

of value for

purposes of

ad valorem

duties.

1114

Ch. 36.

Finance Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

39 & 40 Vict,

c. 36.

Provision

as to reimportation

of certain

goods

charged

with duty

by Act.

42 & 43 Vict,

c. 21.

importation, and duty shall be paid on that value as

fixed by the Commissioners:

Provided that in the ease of a motor car (including

a motor bicycle and a motor tricycle) imported with "tyres

attached, the value of the tyres shall be deducted from

the value of the car for the purpose of the charge of

duty.

(2) Any dispute arising as to the proper rate of

duty payable under this Act shall, so far as any question

of value is concerned, be referred to a referee to be

appointed by the Lord Chancellor, and the decision of the referee shall be final and conclusive:

Provided that the person to be appointed as a

referee shall not be an official of any Government

department.

Sections thirty and thirty-one of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, shall, as respects any such dispute

as to value, have effect as if an application for reference

to a referee under this provision were substituted for the

action or suit mentioned in those sections.

(3) The procedure on any such reference shall be

such as may be determined by the referee.

11. Section six of the Customs and Inland Revenue

Act, 1879, shall not apply to articles on which a duty of

customs is chai’ged by section three, section four or

section six, of this Act, and any such articles re-imported

into Great Britain or Northern Ireland after exportation

therefrom shall be exempt from duty if it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners either that the

article had not previously to exportation been imported

into Great Britain or Northern Ireland at a time when a

duty of customs was payable on articles of that class

(whether under this Act or under the Finance (No. 2) Act,

1915), and had not previously to exportation been made

in Great Britain or Northern Ireland at a time when an

excise duty was payable on articles of that class, or,

where duty was paid, that no drawback of duty was

allowed on exportation, or that any drawback so allowed

has been repaid to the Exchequer.

1925.

Finance Act, 1925.

Ch. 36.

1115

12. Section fourteen of the Finance Act, 1924 (which

makes provision for the allowance of a drawback on the

expc^’tation of certain blended tea), shall have effect as

though reference therein to exportation included references

to shipment as ships’ stores and to dejjosit in a warehouse for use* as ships’ stores, and the expression

" exporter " shall be construed accordingly.

Part II.

Income Tax.

13. —(1) Income tax for the year 1925-26 shall be

charged at the rate of four s hill ings.

(2) All such enactments relating to income tax

as were in force wdth respect to duties of income tax

granted for the year 1924-25 shall have full force and

effect with respect to any duties of income tax granted

by this Act.

(3) The annual value of any property which has

been adopted for the purpose of income tax under

Schedules A and B for the year 1924r-25 shall be taken as

the annual value of that property for the same purpose

for the year 1925-26:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to

lands, tenements and hereditaments in the administrative

county of London with respect to which the valuation

list under the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, is,

by that Act, made conclusive for the purposes of

income tax.

14.—(1) The rates of super-tax for the year 1925-26

shall, for the purposes of section four of the Income Tax

Act, 1918, as amended by any subsequent enactment, be

as follows:—

In respect of the first two

thousand pounds of the

income - - Nil.

Extension

of s. 14 of

Finance

Act, 1924,

to tea

shipped as

stores.

Income tax

for 1925-26.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 67.

Suj)er-tax

for 1925-2(5.

8 & 9 Geo. 5

c. 40.

Ch. 36.

Finance Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5,

In respect of the excess over

two thousand pounds—

For every jjound of the

first five hundred

pounds of the excess -

For every poimd of the

next five hundred

pounds of the excess -

For every pound of the

next one thousand

pounds of the excess -

For every pound of the

next one thousand

pounds of the excess -

For every pound of the

next one thousand

pounds of the excess -

For every pound of the

next two thousand

pounds of the excess -

For every pound of the

next two thousand

pounds of the excess -

For every pound of the

next five thousand

pounds of the excess -

For every pound of the

next five thousand

pounds of the excess -

For every pound of the

next ten thousand

pounds of the excess -

For every pound of the

remainder of the excess - -

Ninepence.

One s hillin g.

One shilling and siX '

pence.

Two shUlings and

threepence.

Three sliilHngs.

Tlxree shillings and

sixpence.

Four shillings.

Fovu shillings and

sixpence.

Five shillings.

Five shillings and

sixpence.

Six shillings.

(2) All such enactments relating to super-tax as were

in force with respect to the super-tax granted for the

year 1924-25 shall have full force and effect with respect

to the super-tax granted under this section.

1925.

Finance Act, 1925.

Ch. 36.

1117

15.—(1) An individual who makes in the manner prescribed by the Income Tax Acts a claim in that behalf

and^who makes a return in the prescribed form of his

total* income shall, for the purpose of ascertaining the

amount of his assessable income for the pmpose of income

tax, be allowed»a deduction from the amount of his earned

income of a sum equal to one-sixth or the amount of

that income, but not exceeding in the case of any individual two hundred and fifty pounds.

(2) Any individual who, in the manner prescribed

by the Income Tax Acts, makes a claim in that behalf,

makes a return in the prescribed form of his total income,

and proves that at the commencement of the year of

assessment either he or, in the case of a married man,

his wife living with him was of the age of sixty-five

years or upwards and that his total income for the year

of assessment does not exceed five hundred pounds,

shall, for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of

his assessable income for the purpose of income tax,

be allowed a deduction from the amount of his total

income of a sum equal to one-sixth of the amount of

that income, and any individual who would, but for

the fact that his total income exceeds five hundred

pounds, be entitled to an allowance as aforesaid shall be

entitled to have the amount of the income tax payable

in respect of his total income reduced, where necessary,

so as not to exceed a sum equal to the aggregate of the

two following amounts, that is to say, the amount of the tax which would have been payable if his total

income had amounted to, but had not exceeded, five

hundred pounds, and one-half of the amount by which

his total income exceeds five himdred pounds:

Provided that any deduction or relief under this

subsection shall be in substitution for and not in addition

to the deduction under subsection (1) of this section.

(3) The provisions of sections twenty-seven, twenty-

eight, twenty-nine and thirty of the Income Tax Act,

1918, and of paragraph XVII of the Fifth Schedule to

that Act shall apply for the purpose of claims under

this section, and references in any enactment to section

sixteen of the Finance Act, 1920, or to the deduction

of any allowance in respect of earned income shall be

construed as references to this section and to the

allowances and relief thereunder:

Allowances

in respect

of earned

income and

allowances

from total

income of

persons of

age of 65

years.

10 & 11 Geo.

5. c. 18.

1118

Allowance

of deduction for

wear and

tear in case

of profits of

professions,

&c., and of

profits

arising from

occupation

of land.

Ch. 36. Finance Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Provided that, where, on an application made for

the purpose under the provisions of the Income T/ix

Acts, income tax for any year is assessable and chy'ge-

able on the incomes of the husband and wife respectively

as if they were not married, the benefit of any allowance

or relief under the last preceding subs^tion shall be

apportioned between the husband and wife according to the amounts of their respective total incomes.

(4) Paragraph (&) of subsection (1) of section one

hundred and five of the Income Tax Act, 1918, as amended

by the Third Schedule to the Finance Act, 1920, shall

have effect as though the words "one hundred and sixty

" pounds " were substituted for the words "one hundred

" and fifty pounds."

(5) In this section the expressions " earned income "

and " total income " mean respectively earned income as

estimated in accordance with the provisions of the

Income Tax Acts and total income from aU sources as

so estimated.

16. Rules 6 and 7 of Cases I and II of Schedule D

(which provide, in connection with the charge to income

tax under that Schedule of the profits or gains of a trade,

for the allowance of deductions in respect of the wear

and tear of machinery and plant and in respect of

expenses incurred in replacing obsolete machinery or

plant) shall apply as if references in those Rules to the

profits or gains of a trade included references to the

profits or gains, whether assessable under Schedule D or

otherwise, of a profession, employment, vocation or office,

and, where they are ascertained otherwise than by reference to assessable value, to the profits or gains arising

from the occupation of lands, including woodlands, and

in relation to profits or gains assessable under some

Schedule other than Schedule D as if the provisions

of the said Rules were applicable to the tax under that

other Schedule;

Provided that—

(i) where the profits or gains are not assessed

under Schedule D, the powers of the

Additional Commissioners under paragraph (4)

of the said Rule 6 may be exercised by the

General Commissioners; and

1925.

Finance Act, 1925,

Ch. 36.

1119

(ii) in the case of a claim for the allowance of a

deduction for wear and tear in any year from

the profits or gains arising to any person

» from the oceupation of lands, including woodlands, the appropriate deduction for wear

and *tear shall, for the purp6ses of paragraph

(6) of the said Rule 6, be deemed to have been

allowed for any previous year for which

profits or gains arising to that person from the

occupation of lands, including woodlands, were

determined by reference to assessable value.

17. -(1) Where sales or transactions are carried out

on behall of a non-resident person through a broker in the

ordinary course of his business as such, and the broker

satisfies the conditions required to be satisfied for the

purposes of this section, then, notwithstanding that the

broker is a person who acts regularly for the non-resident

person as such broker, the non-resident person shall not

be chargeable to income tax in the name of that broker

in respect of profits or gains arising from those sales or

transactions.

(2) The conditions required to be satisfied for the

pm'poses of this section are that the broker must be a

person carrying on bona fide the business of a broker in

Great Britain or Northern Ireland, and that he must

receive in respect of the business of the non-resident

person which is transacted through him remuneration at

a rate not less than that customary in the class of

business in question.

(3) In this section the expression "broker" includes

a general commission agent,

(4) Rule 10 of the General Rules shall have effect

subject to the provisions of this section.

18. Weekly wage-earners to whom Rule 2 of the Assessment

Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D applies of weekly

shall for the year 1925-26 be assessed and charged to ^8 ’

tax in respect of their wages in each half of the year behalf-

instead of in each quarter of the year, and for references yearly

in any enactment to quarterly assessment and charge instead of

and to quarters of the year in connection with the quarterly,

assessment and charge of weekly wage-earners there

shall be substituted references to half-yearly assessment

Non-resident persons not to

be chargeable to

income tax

in name of

certain

agents.

1120

Ch. 36.

Finance Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

and charge and to half-years, and all such enactments

shall have effect accordingly.

19. —(1) Any claim for—

(a) exemption from income tax under the provisions of section thirty-severe of the Income

Tax Act, 1918, or section thirty of the

Finance Act, 1921 (which sections provide

respectively for exemption in respect of

certain income of charities and for exemption

in respect of lands owned and occupied by

charities and of profits of trades carried on

by beneficiaries of charities); or

(b) repayment of income tax under section thirty-

six of the Income Tax Act, 1918 (which

provides for the repayment in certain cases

of income tax in respect of interest paid to

banks, discount houses, &c., out of taxed

profits);

shall be made to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue

in such form as they may prescribe, and the said Commissioners shall on proof of the facts to their satisfaction

allow the claim accordingly.

(2) Any person who is aggrieved by the decision of the said Commissioners on a claim made by him as

aforesaid may, by notice in writing to that effect given

to the said Commissioners within twenty-one days from

the date on which notice of the decision is given to him,

make an application to have his claim for exemption or

rej)a 3 Tnent, as the case may be, heard and determined

by the Special Commissioners.

(3) Where any such application as aforesaid is made,

the Special Commissioners shall hear and determine

the claim in like manner as an appeal made to them

against an assessment under Schedule D, and all the

provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to such an

appeal (including the provisions relating to the statement

of a case for the opinion of the High Court on a point

of law) shall apply accordingly with any necessary

modifications.

(4) Section forty of the Income Tax Act, 1918

(which contains provisions with respect to claims under

sections thirty-seven, thirty-eight and thirty-nine of

Claims for

exemption

in respect

of income

of charities

and for repayment of

tax in respect of

interest

paid to

banks, and

right of

appeal in

connection

therewith.

11 & 12 Geo

c. 32.

1925.

Finance Act, 1925.

Ch. 36.

1121

that Act), shall cease to apply to claims for exemption

under section thirty-seven of that Act.

0.—(1) Where under or by virtue of the Trading Provision as

with the Enemy Acts, 1914 to 1918, pr any Order in to income

Council made under any Treaty of Peace Act, any

securities to which this section applies became vested in

any custodian or administrator of enemy property, any securities

question of liability to income tax in respect of the vested in

dividends or interest on the securities shall be determined custc^ian or

as if the securities had not become so vested. ^minis-

trator or

(2) The securities to which tlxis section aijpliea are enemy

those classes of securities, stocks, funds or shares the Property,

dividends or interest whereon are chargeable to income

tax under Schedule C or under Rule 7 of the Miscellaneous Rules applicable to Schedule D, or were

chargeable to income tax under any enactments replaced

by the said Schedule C or the said Rule 7 and for the

purposes of this section the expression "Treaty of Peace

" Act" means any Act for carrying into effect any

treaty of peace made after the late war between His

Majesty and any other power.

21. Section twenty-one of the Finance Act, 1923 Continua-

(which grants an exemption for charities in the Irish tion of

Free State in respect of income tax for the year 1923-24),

shall apply with respect to income tax chargeable for 923 .

the years 1925-26, 1926-27, and 1927-28, as it applied 13 & u'gw.

with respect to income tax chargeable for the year 5. c. 14.

1923-24.

Part III.

Death Duties.

22. The scale set out in the Fourth Schedule to Amended

this Act shall in the case of persons dying after the rates of

commencement of this Act be substituted for the scale estate duty,

set out in the Third Schedule to the Finance Act, 1919,

as the scale of rates of estate duty:

Provided that, where an interest in expectancy

within the meaning of Part I. of the Finance Act, 1894, 57 & 58 Vict,

in any property has, before the twenty-eighth day of c. 30.

April, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, been bona fide

sold or mortgaged for full consideration in money or

money’s worth, then no other duty on that property

4 B

1122

Ch. 36.

Finance Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Estate duty

payable in

respect of

agricultural

property to

be charged

in part on

agricultural

value at

rate under

Finance

Act, 1919.

shall be payable by the purchaser or mortgagee when

the interest falls into possession than would have been

payable if this Part of this Act had not passed, arfd in

the case of a mortgage any higher duty payable by the

mortgagor shall rank as a charge subsequent to that of the mortgagee. •

23.—(1) Where an estate in respect of which estate

duty is payable on the death of a person dying after the

commencement of this Act comprises or consists of agricultural property, the estate duty payable in respect of the agricultural property shall, instead of being charged

on the principal value thereof at the appropriate rate

payable under this Act, be charged as follows, that is to

say, the duty shall be charged on the agricultural value

of the property at the appropriate rate payable under

the scale of rates set out in the Third Schedule to the

Finance Act, 1919, and shall be charged on the amount

by which the principal value of the agricultural property

exceeds the agricultural value thereof (in this Act referred

to as "the excess principal value") at the appropriate

rate payable under the scale set out in the Fourth

Schedule to this Act.

(2) For the purposes of this section the agricultural

value of agricultural property shah, be taken to be the

value which the property would bear if it were subject

to a perpetual covenant prohibiting its use otherwise

than as agricultural property, decreased by the value of

any timber, trees, wood or underwood growing thereon.

(3) Where any agricultural property is subject to a

mortgage, debt or incumbrance in respect of which an

allowance is by law to be made for the purposes of

estate duty, the mortgage, debt or incumbrance shall,

for the purposes of this section, be apportioned between

the agricultural value of the property and the excess

principal value of the property in proportion to the

amounts of those two values respectively.

(4) In this section the expression "agricultural

property" means agricultural property within the

meaning of paragraph (gr) of subsection (1) of section

twenty-two of the Finance Act, 1894, and the expression "appropriate rate" means the rate of estate

duty appropriate to the principal value of the estate

passing on the death of the deceased.

1925.

Finance Act, 1925.

Ch. 36.

1123

24. For the purposes of section eighteen of the

Finance Act, 1894, and of section fifty-eight of the

Finstece (1909-10) Act, 1910, a succession shall be

deem«d to arise on the happening of the death by reason

of which the successor, or any person in his right or

on his behalf, •becomes entitled in possession to the

succession or to the receipt of the income or profits

thereof.

Part IV.

Gekekal.

25. —(1) Where a trade or business of any kind is

carried on by or on behalf of the Government of any part

of His Majesty’s Dominions which is outside Great Britain

and Northern Ireland, that Government shall, in respect

of the trade or business and of all operations in connection

therewith, all property occupied in Great Britain or

Northern Ireland and aU goods owned in Great Britain

or Northern Ireland for the purposes thereof, and aU

income arising in connection therewith, be liable, in

the same manner as in the hke case any other person

would be, to all taxation for the time being in force

in Great Britain or Northern Ireland.

(2) In this section the expression "His Majesty’s

Dominions " includes any territory which is under

His Majesty’s protection or in respect of which a mandate

is being exercised by the Government of any part of

His Majesty’s Dominions.

(3) Nothing in this section shall—

(a) afiect the immunity of any such Government

as aforesaid from taxation in respect of any

income or property to w^hich subsection (1) of this section does not apply; or

(b) be taken to prejudice the question of any

hability on the part of any such Government

in respect of any period before the commencement of this Act to taxation in respect of the

matters mentioned in subsection (1).

26. A High Commissioner or Agent-General within

the meaning of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1923

(which exempts from income tax the salaries of High

Commissioners, Agents-General and their staffs), who

is resident in Great Britain or Northern Ireland shall be

4B 2

Determination for

purposes of

succession

duty of date

on which,

succession

arises.

10 Edw. 7.

c. 8.

Liai)ility of

Dominion

Governments to

taxation

in respect of

tradinfi

operations.

Further

rehef from

tax in

respect of

income of

1124

Ch. 36.

Finance Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

High Commissioners,

Agents-

General and

their stafEs.

Continuance

during

current

financial

year of s. 58

of 10 & 11

Geo. 5. 0 .18.

38 & soviet,

c. 45.

Construction, short

title, application, and

repeal.

39 & 40 Vict,

c. 36.

entitled to the same immunity from income tax (including

super-tax) and land tax as that to which an accredited

minister of a foreign state so resident is entitled, wllbther

bj virtue of any Act or otherwise, and any person

having or exercising any employment to which the said

section nineteen applies shall be entitted to the same

immunity from income tax (including super-tax) and

land tax as that to which a member of the staff of an

accredited minister of a foreign state is entitled, whether

by virtue of any Act or otherwise.

27. Section fifty-eight of the Einance Act, 1920

(which provides that amounts applied out of revenue in

paying off debt are to be deemed to be expenditure

Avithm the meaning of sections four and five of the

Sinking Fund Act, 1875), shall apply in relation to the

current financial year as it applied in relation to the

financial year ending on the thirty-first day of March,

nineteen hundred and twenty-one.

28. —(1) Part I of this Act so far as it relates to

duties of customs shall be construed together with the

Customs (Consohdation) Act, 1876, and any enactments

amending that Act, and, so far as it relates to duties of

excise, shall be construed together with the Acts which

relate to the duties of excise and the management of

those duties, and the expression "Commissioners " in

the said Part I means the Commissioners of Customs

and Excise.

(2) Part II of this Act shall be construed together

with the Income Tax Acts.

(3) Part III of this Act shall be construed together

with the Finance Act, 1894.

(4) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1925.

(5) Such of the provisions of this Act as relate to

matters with respect to which the Parliament of Northern

Ireland has power to make laws shall not extend to

Northern Ireland.

(6) The enactment set out in the Fifth Schedule

to this Act is hereby repealed to the extent mentioned

in the third column of that Schedule.

1925.

Finance Act, 1925.

Ch. 36.

1125

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Enactments applied for purpose op duties

IMPOSED BY Section 3.

Subsections (1), (3), (4), (5) and (6) of s. 13 of Finance {Xo. 2)

Act, 1915.

13.—(1) If it is proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise that a new import duty has been

duly paid in respect of any article, and that the article has not

been used in Great Britain or Northern Ireland, a drawback

equal to the amount of duty paid shall be allowed on that article

if exported as merchandise.

(3) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise that any article is of a kind

mainly used as an accessory or a component part which is liable

to a new import duty but is imported for use for some other

purpose or has been and is being exclusively used for some other

purpose, the Commissioners shall, subject to such conditions

(if any) as they think fit to impose, allow the article to be

imported free of duty, or repay any duty paid on importation,

as the case requires.

(4) Motor cars which are proved to the satisfaction of the

Commissioners of Customs and Excise to be constructed and

adapted for use, and intended to be used solely, as motor

omnibuses or motor ambulances, or in connection with the

conveyance of goods or burden in the course of trade or

husbandry, or by a local authority as fire engines or otherwise

for the purposes of their fire brigade service, and chassis,

component parts, and accessories, which are so proved to be

intended to be used solely for any such motor cars, shall not be

charged with the new import duty:

Provided that in such cases as the Commissioners of

Customs and Excise direct, cars, chassis, accessories, or parts,

as the case may be, shall not be exempted unless they are

marked or stamped in such manner as the Commissioners direct

or approve with some distinctive stamp or mark showing that

they are only to be so used.

On any transfer of a motor car or chassis which has been

exempted under this provision, the transferor shall give notice of the transfer and of the name and address of the transferee to the

Commissioners of Customs and Excise.

Section 3.

1126

Ch. 36.

Finance Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

1st Sch

— cont.

Amendment

as to duties

to be charged

on certain

negative

cinematograph films.

Amendment

of s. 12 of

Finance Act,

1922.

If, while the duty on motor cars, motor bicycles and motor

tricycles, and accessories and component parts thereof under

this Act remains in force, any person obliterates or removes any

su^ih distinctive stamp or mark, or uses any motor car, ^assis,

accessory, or part which has been exempted from duty under

this provision for any purpose other than th^ purposes therein

mentioned, or fails to give notice of a transfer in accordance

with this provision, he shall be liable on summary conviction to

a line not exceeding one hundred pounds, or, at the option of the

court, to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term

not exceeding six months.

If it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of

Customs and Excise that any motor car, chassis, component

part, or accessory has been, and is being, exclusively used for

purposes which entitle it to an exemption from duty under this

provision, the Commissioners may, subject to such conditions (if

any) as they think fit to impose, repay any duty paid on the car,

chassis, part or accessory on importation.

(5) The Treasury may by order exempt any articles mentioned in the order which are liable to any new import duty from

that duty if they are satisfied that, having regard to the small

value of the article, it is inexpedient that the duty should be

charged.

(6) The Treasury may make regulations providing for the

total or partial exemption for a limited period from the new

import duty of any motor cars, iacluding motor bicycles and

motor tricycles, brought into Great Britain or Northern Ireland

by persons making only a temporary stay therein.

S. 12 of Finance Act, 1922.

12. If it is proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners

of Customs and Excise as respects any imported negative

cinematograph film, whether developed or undeveloped, that the

production of the film was organised by persons whose chief or

only place of business was in the United Kingdom, and that the

producer of the film and the principal actors and artists employed

for the production thereof were British subjects and domiciled in

the United Kingdom, that film shall, subject to compliance with

such conditions as the Commissioners may by regulation prescribe, be treated for the purpose of the duties charged on

imported cinematograph films by section twelve of the Finance

(No. 2) Act, 1915, as being blank film.

S. 9 o/ Finance Act, 1923.

9. Section twelve of the Finance Act, 1922, which reduces

the duties to be charged on certain negative cinematograph films,

shall have effect as though for the condition requiring all the

1925.

Finance. Act, 1925,

Ch. .36.

1127

princip.'il actors and artists employed for the production of a

film to be British subjects and domiciled in Great Britain or

Northern Ireland there were substituted a condition requiring

all sugh principal actors and artists, except five, or if the total

number of the principal actors and artists is less than twenty hot

less than three-qi^arters of the principal actors and artists to be

British subjects and domiciled as aforesaid, and for the purposes

of the said section twelve, as amended by this section, the

expression " artists ’’ shall include the person working the photographic camera by means of which the pictures composing the

film are taken.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Customs Duties.

Article.

Amount of duty.

Silk:

Cocoons and waste of all kinds—

Undischarged - - the lb.

Wholly or in part discharged

other than noils - -,

Noils.,

Raw—

Undischarged - ,

Wholly or in part discharged,

Yarn—

Undischarged - ,

Wholly or in part discharged—

Not being noil yarn -,

Noil yarn -,

Tissues—

Undischarged -,

Wholly or in part discharged—

Noil tissue -

Tissue known as habut.ai

not dyed or printed -,

Other tissues - -,

Artificial Silk:

Waste - - -,

Singles yarn and straw -,

Doubled or twisted thread

advanced beyond the

stage of singles yarn -,

Tissues - - ,

8. d.

1 0

3 0

1 0

3 0

4 4

4 8

1 5

5 3

1 7

6 G

7 9

1 0

2 0

3 0

3 G

1st Scfi.

— cont.

Sections 4,

5.

99

1128

Ch. 36.

Finance Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

2nd Sch. Article. Amount of duty.

— cont. _ __

Any other articles made wholly or

IN PART OF Silk or Artificial Silk:

Where the article is made wholly of An amount equal to

silk or artificial silk, or where the thirty-three and one-

value of the silk or artificial silk third per cent, of

component exceeds twenty per the value of the

cent, of the aggregate of the article,

values of all the components of the article.

Where the value of the silk or arti- An amount equal to

ficial silk component exceeds five ten per cent, of the

per cent., but does not exceed value of the article,

twenty per cent, of the aggregate

of the values of all the components

of the article.

Where the value of the silk or arti- An amount equal to

ficial silk component does not two per cent, of the

exceed five per cent, of the aggre- value of the article,

gate of 'the values of all the

components of the article.

Part II.

Drawbacks.

1. In the case of any of the following articles produced in Great

Britain or Northern Ireland from

MATERIAL ON WHICH A DUTY OF

Customs or Excise has been paid—

Silk:s. d.

Noil yarn - . - the lb. 1 .5

Thrown yam—

Not wholly discharged the lb. 3 9

Thrown yam and spun yarn—

WhoUy discharged - the lb. 4 1

Tissue—

Not wholly discharged the lb. 4 3

Wholly discharged—

If proved to the satisfaction

of the Commissioners to have

been produced from imported

undischarged tissue the lb. 7 9

Tissue known as habutai

if dyed or printed m Great

Britain or Northern Ireland

the lb. 7 9

Noil tissue - the lb. 1 7

In any other case the lb. 5 6

1925.

Finance Act, 1925.

Ch. 36.

1129

Article. 2no Sch.

_ — cont.

.^tificial Silk:s. d.

Singles yarn made from staple

fibre or other waste - the lb. 0 9

Doubled 6r twisted thread

advanced beyond the stage of

singles yam—

If made from staple fibre or

other waste - the lb. 0 10

In any other case - the lb. 1 7

Tissue made from staple fibre or

other waste - - the lb. Oil

Tissues proved to the satisfaction

of the Commissioners to be

made from other forms of artificial silk - the lb. 1 9

2. Goods not peevioijsly specified

IN THIS Part of this Schedule

WHICH ARE MADE WHOLLY OR IN

PART OF SILK OR ARTIFICIAL SILK

WHICH IS PROVED TO THE SATISFACTION OF THE Commissioners to

HAVE been charged WITH DUTY

UNDER THIS AcT AND WHICH ABB

SHOWN TO BE IN SUCH FORM AND

STATE THAT, IF DUTY HAD NOT BEEN

PAID, THEY WOULD BE LIABLE TO

THE SAME RATE OF DUTY AS THAT

AT WHICH THEY OR THEIR COMPONENTS

HAVE ALREADY BEEN CHARGED.

Rate or

Article. Amount of Drawback.

3. In THE CASE OF ANY MADE UP ARTICLE

CONSISTING WHOLLY OB PARTLY OP

Silk or Artificial Silk:

If exported in the form and state in A sum equal to the

which it was imported. amount shown to the

satisfaction of thfe

Commissioners to

have been paid as

duty on the importation of the article.

1130

Ch. 36.

Finance Act, 1925.

2nd Soh,

- cont.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Arl icle.

, Rate or

Amount of Drawback.

If manufactured in Great Britain or A sum equal#to the

Northern Ireland from silk or arti- amount payable as

licial silk. drawback in respect

of such a quantity

of the hke silk or

artificial silk as, in the

opinion of the Commissioners, has been

used in the manufacture of the article.

Part III.

Provisions as to Duties and Drawbacks.

1. In calculating for the purpose of any duty or drawback

the weight of any yam or tissue the weight of any fibres other

than silk or artificial silk or of any waterproofing materials in

the yarn or tissue shall be excluded, and where any drawback

is payable in respect of any silk yarn or tissue which is loaded,

the amount of the drawback shall be reduced by thirty per cent.,

unless the Commissioners are satisfied that the yarn or tissue

was imported in the form of yarn or tissue, as the case may

be, and was loaded at the time of being so imported or was

manufactured in Great Britain or Northern Ireland.

2. Where the weight of the moisture contained in any raw

sUk or silk yam exceeds eleven per cent, of the weight of the

article, any duty payable in respect thereof shall be decreased

by one per cent, of the amount of the duty for every one per cent,

of moisture contained in the article in excess of eleven per cent.

3. Where any article chargeable with a duty under this

Schedule is also chargeable with a duty under section three of this Act, the duty under this Schedule shall not be charged

except in so far as the amount thereof exceeds the amount of the duty charged under the said section three.

4. Where any article chargeable under this Schedule with a

duty equal to a percentage of the value of the article is also

chargeable with the duty on lace imposed by this Act, the value

of the lace in the article shall be excluded in computing the

value of the article for the purpose of the duty under this

Schedule, and where any article chargeable with duty under

1925.

Finance Act, 1925.

Ch. 36.

1131

this Schedule as a tissue is also chargeable with the duty on lace

imposed by this Act, the duty under this Schedule shall not be

chargi»fl except in so far as the amount thereof exceeds the

amount duty.

5. Subject to^ such conditions as the Commissioners may

impose, the excise duty charged by this Acl? on artificial silk

yarn shall not be payable on any such yarn manufactured on the

licensed premises of a manufacturer of such yarn from imported

artificial silk waste in respect of which the duty of customs

imposed by this Act has been duly paid.

6. Where it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners

that any yarn or tissue of silk or artificial silk is being imported

solely for the purpose of undergoing a process in Great Britain or

Northern Ireland the Commissioners may, subject to such

conditions as they think fit to impose for securing the reexportation of the goods, allow the goods to be imported free of

duty.

7. If, on the importation into Great Britain or Northern

Ireland of any article wholly or in part of silk or artificial silk, it

is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners—

(«) that the article was produced abroad by means of some

process from an article exported from Great Britain or

Northern Ireland, and that consequently the case does

not fall within the provisions of section eleven of this Act; and

[b) that the article is liable to duty at the same rate as the

duty payable on the exported article from which it was

produced; and

(c) that any drawback paid on the exportation of the said

article has been repaid;

the duty charged on the re-importation of the article shall, if

chargeable by reference to the weight thereof, be charged only

upon the amount by which the weight of the article on reimportation exceeds the weight at exportation and, if chargeable

by reference to value, shall be charged only on the amount by

which the value of the article at re-importation exceeds the

value at exportation.

8. The Commissioners may make regulations for relieving

from any duty of customs or excise chargeable in respect of

artificial silk, any artificial silk which is to be used in the

manufacture of tissues in part of artificial silk and in part of

other fibre, if those tissues are intended for exportation.

9. Where a specified amount of duty is charged or a

specified amount of drawback is allowed in respect of a specific

2nd Sch.

— cont.

1132

Ch. 36.

Finance Act, 1925.

I

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

2nd Sch. weight of an article, the amount of the duty or drawback, as

con/. the case may be, shall be increased or decreased proportionately

in the case of any greater or less weight.

10. Subject to such conditions for safeguarding the revenue

as the Commissioners may impose, the rates of drawback specified

in Part IV. of this Schedule shaD, in respect di yarn and tissues

of artificial silk exported by any person who makes an application in that behalf to the Commissioners, have effect during such

period, not being less than twelve months, as may be specified in

the application in substitution for the rates of drawback set out

in Part II. of this Schedule.

11. In calculating the amount of the drawback payable in

respect of any tissue wholly or in part of silk or artificial silk,

being tissue from which a portion of the surface has been burnt

or cut away in the process of manufacture, the Commissioners

shall make such allowance as seems to them proper in respect of

any loss of weight due to the burning or cutting.

12. No drawback shall be payable in respect of any articles

unless it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that

a duty imposed by this Act has been duly paid in respect of the articles or of the material from which the articles were made

and that the articles have been duly exported as merchandise or

shipped for use as stores.

13. No drawback shall be payable under this Schedule in

respect of any article unless the Commissioners are satisfied that

it has not been used or, in the case of an article of clothing,

that it has not been used otherwise than as a model for trade

exhibition.

14. Section one hundred and six of the Customs (Consolidation) Act, 1876, so far as it relates to the case where goods are

found to be of less value for home use than the amount of the

drawback claimed, shall not apply to articles of clothing used only

as models for trade exhibition.

15. The Commissioners may, in relation to any articles to

which this Schedule applies, relax as they may think fit any

39 & 40 Vict, provisions contained in the Customs (Consolidation) Act, 1876,

36. or in any enactment amending that Act, with respect to the

giving of security or entry before shipment.

16. The Commissioners may make regulations requiring persons

having been concerned at any stage with the goods in question

to furnish such information as may be reasonably necessary for

enabling a calculation to be made of the drawback payable on

the exportation of any silk or artificial silk, and if any person

contravenes or fails to comply with any such regulation, he shcall

Ch. 36.

1133

1925. Finance Act, 1925.

in respect of every offence be liable to an excise penalty of

fifty pounds.

the fo&owing expressions have the meaning hereby assigned to

them respectively, that is to say; —

" Tissue " incfudes tissues of all kinds p.nd of any width,

whether woven or knitted;

" Discharged" means " from which the gum has been

removed ";

" Silk yarn" means thrown or spun silk, silk yam and silh

threads of all kinds;

" Artificial silk yarn" means artificial silk yam, thread

and straw.

Part IV.

Alternative Scale of Drawbacks in respect of

Artificial Silk.

Rates of drawback.

In respect of In respect of

material contained material contained

in the goods being in the goods being

material on which material on which

a Customs duty an Excise duty

Article. was paid. was paid.

Singhs yam made from staple s. d.

filire or other waste - the If). 12

Doubled or twisted thread advanced beyond the stage of

singles yarn—

Made from staple fibre or

other waste - the lb. 13

Made from singles yarn

the lb. 2 3

Tissues—

]\[ade from staple fibre or

other waste - the lb. 14

Made from singles yarn

the lb. 2 4

s. d.

0 7

0 8

1 2

1

2nd Sen.

— cont.

3

1134

Ch, 36.

Fimince Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Cho. 5.

Sections 8,

9.

THIRD SCHEDULE. /

Part I.

Preferetsjtial Reductions of Customs Duties in case

OF Sugar, Molasses, Glucose and Saccharin.

Amount of

Article. reduction.

s. d.

Sugar which, when tested by the polariscope indi-

cates a

degrees

polarisation

exceeding

ninety-eight

the cwt.

4

igar of a polarisation not exceeding seventy-six

degrees the cwt.

2

Of

igar of a polarisation—

Exceeding 76 and not exceeding 77

- the cwt.

2

1-5

77

99

99

78

99

2

2-3

78

99

99

79

>9

2

31

t)

79

99

99

80

99

2

4-0

S)

80

99

99

81

99

2

4-8

19

81

99

99

82

99

2

5-6

99

82

99

99

83

99

2

6-4

99

83

99

99

84

99

2

7-3

99

84

99

99

85

99

2

8-3

99

85

99

99

86

99

2

9-2

99

86

99

99

87

99

2

10-1

99

87

99

99

88

9 '

2

11-1

99

88

99

99

89

99

3

0-2

99

89

99

99

90

99

3

1-4

99

90

99

99

91

99

3

2-6

99

91

99

99

92

99

3

3-9

9}

92

99

99

93

3

5-1

93

* 9

> *

94

79

3

6-3

99

94

99

95

71

3

7-6

99

95

96

17

3

8-8

96

99

97

99

3

10-0

99

97

99

99

98

* 99

3

11-3

1925.

Finance Act, 1925.

Ch. 36.

1135

Amount of

Article. reduction.

% - __

, s, d.

Molasses (except when cleared for use by a licensed

distiller in the manufacture of spirits) and invert

sugar and all other sugar and extracte from sug.ar

which cannot be completely tested by the polari-

scope and on which duty.is not specially charged

by reference to the other provisions of this Part

of this Schedule :—

If Containing 70 per cent, or more of sweetening

matter ---- the cwt. 2

If containing less than 70 per cent, and more

than 50 per cent, of sweetening matter

the cwt. 1 11J

If containing not more than 50 per cent, of

sweetening matter - the cwt. 0 11|

The amount of sweetening matter to be taken

to be the total amount of cane, invert and

other sugar contained in the article as determined by analysis in manner directed by the

Commissioners—

Glucose:

Solid -

- - - the cwt.

2

CO

Liquid

1

IH

Saccharin (including

substances of a like

nature or use)

the oz.

1

Part II.

Preferential Rates in case op Tobacco, Currants,

Dried Fruits and Wine.

Goods. Rates of duty.

Tobacco -

Currants . - - . '

Dried or preserved fruit (within

the meaning of section eight >

of the Finance (No. 2) Act, I

1915) - - J

Wine, exceeding 30° of proof

spirit.

Sparkling wine (additional duty) -

Three-fourths of the full rate.

Free of duty.

Thirty-three and one-third

per cent, of the full rate.

Fifty per cent, of the full rate.

3rd Soh.

— cont.

1136

3k D SCH.

— cont.

•section 22.

Ch. 36. Finance Act, 1925.

Part III.

Preferential Rates in respect

Customs Duties.

Goods. Rates of duty.

Goods on which a duty is im- Two-thirds of the full rate,

posed by section 3 of this Act.

Silk and artificial silk - - Five-sixths of the full rate.

Hops ---- Two-thirds of the full rate.

Lace and embroidery - Two-thirds of the full rate.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

OF THE NEW

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Scale

OF Rates

OF Estate Duty.

Rate

per cent.

Principal Value of the Estate.

of duty.

Exceeding

100

and not exceeding

500

1

>9

500

99

99

1,000

2

99

1,000

>9

39

5,000

3

99

5,000

99

39

10,000

4

99

10,000

99

J9

12, 500

5

99

12, 500

99

99

15,000

6

99

15,000

99

99

18,000

7

99

18,000

99

99

21,000

8

99

21,000

99

99

25,000

9

99

25,000

99

99

30,000

10

99

30,000

99

99

35,000

11

99

35,000

99

99

40,000

12

99

40,000

99

99

45,000

13

99

45,000

99

99

50,000

14

99

50,000

99

99

55,000

15

99

55,000

99

99

65,000

16

99

65,000

>9

99

75,000

17

99

75,000

99

99

85,000

18

99

85.000

99

99

100,000

19

99

100,000

99

99

120,000

20

99

120,000

59

140,000

21

99

140,000

99

99

170,000

22

99

170,000

»9

39

200,000

23

99

200,000

99

99

250,000

24

1925.

Finance Act, 1925.

Cn. 36, 37.

1137

Rate

per cent.

Principal Value of the Estate. of duty.

Exceeding 250, 00

and not exceeding 325,000 -

- 25

325,000

>9

99

400,000 -

26

>1

400,000

) >

99

500,000 -

- 27

600,000

99

99

750,000 -

- 28

750,000

99

99

1,000,000 -

- 29

1,000,000

99

99

1, 250,000 -

- 30

1, 250,000

99

99

1, 500,000 -

- 32

1, 500,000

99

99

2,000,000 -

- 35

2,000,000

99

99

40

4th Sch.

— cont.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Section 28.

Ekactment Repealed.

Session

and

[Short Title.]

1

Extent of Repeal.

Qiapter.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

The Finance Act, 1920 •

Section sixteen.

c. 18.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act' to provide for the exemption, in certain

circuBOLstances, of Foreign ships and British

ships registered outside the United Kingdom

from certain provisions of the Merchant

Sliipping Acts.

[30th June 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this present

4C

1138

Ch. 37.

Power to

exempt

foreign ships

from certain

provisions

of Merchant

Shipping

Acts.

Power tio

exempt

British

ships registered out of the United

Kingdom *

from certain

provisions

of Merchant

Shipping

Acts.

Short title,

construction, &c.

Merchant Shipping 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Equivalent Provisions) Act, 1925.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the sajne,

as follows:—

1. Where His Majesty is satisfied that—

(a) ships of a foreign country are S?equired by the

law of that country to comply with any provisions which are substantially the same as

or equally effective with any provisions of the

l\Ierchant Shipping Acts which apply to foreign

ships while they are within a port of the

United Kingdom; and

(6) that country has made or has undertaken

to make provision for the exemption of

British ships, while they are within a port of

that country, from the corresponding requirement of the law of that country;

His Majesty may, by Order in Council, direct that any

such provisions of the Merchant Shipping Acts as aforesaid shall not apply to any ship of that country within

a port of the United Kingdom if it is proved that the

ship comjjlies with the corresponding provision of the

law of that country applicable to that ship.

2. Where His Majesty is satisfied that British ships

registered in a part of His Majesty’s dominions outside

the United Kingdom, or ships registered in a port of a

territory over which His Majesty exercises jurisdiction,

are required by the law of that part of His Majesty’s

dominions or the law in force in that territory to comply

with any provisions which are substantially the same as,

or equally effective with, any of the provisions of the

Merchant Shipping Acts which apply to such ships

if, but only if, they are within a port of the United

Eiingdom, His Majesty may, by Order in Council, direct

that any such provisions of the Merchant Shipping Acts

as aforesaid shall not apply to any ship registered in that

part of His Majesty’s dominions, or in that territory,

whilst within a port in the United Kingdom, if it is

proved that the ship complies with the corresponding

provision of the law of the part of His Majesty’s

dominions or territory in which the ship is registered.

3. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Merchant

Shipping (Equivalent Provisions) Act, 1925, and shall be

construed as one with the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894

1925.

Merchant Shipping Ch. 37, 38.

{Equivalent Provisions) Act, 1925,

1139

to ^923, and those Acts and this Act may be cited

together as the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1925.

(2) In this Act the expression "the Merchant

Shipping Acts^’ means the Merchant Shipping Acts,

1894 to 1923, and includes any Orders in Council, rules

and regulations made thereunder, and the expression

" United Kingdom" means Great Britain and Northern

Ireland.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to regulate the Exhibition and Training of

Performing Animals.

[30th June 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) No person shall exhibit or train any performing animal unless he is registered in accordance with

this Act.

(2) Every local authority shall keep a register for the

purpose of this Act, and any person who exhibits or

trains animals as aforesaid on making an application in

the prescribed form to the local authority of the district

. in which he resides, or if he has no fixed place of residence

in Great Britain, to the local authority of such one of the

prescribed districts as he may choose, and on payment

of the prescribed fee shall be registered under this Act,

unless he is a person, who, in pursuance of an order of the court made under this Act, is prohibited from being

so registered.

(3) Any application for registration under this Act

shall contain such particulars as to the animals and as to the general nature of the performances in w'hich the

animals are to be exhibited or for which they are to be

trained as may be prescribed, and the particulars so

given shall be entered in the register.

4 C 2

Restriction

on exhibition and

training of

performing

animals.

1140 Ch. 38. Performing Animals 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

(Regulation) Act, 1925.

(4) The local authority shall give to every p^son

whose name appears on the register kept by them a

certificate of registration in the prescribed form containing

the particulars entered in the register.

(5) Every register kept under this Act shall at aU

reasonable times be open for inspection on payment of the prescribed fee, and any person shall on payment of the

prescribed fee be entitled to take copies thereof or make

extracts therefrom.

(6) Any person entered on the register shall, subject

to the provisions of any order made under this Act by

any court, be entitled, on making application for the

purpose, to have the particulars entered in the register

with respect to him varied, and where any such

particulars are so varied the existing certificate shall

be cancelled and a new certificate issued.

(7) A copy of every certificate of registration issued

by a local authority shall be transmitted by the authority

to the Secretary of State and shall be available for

inspection at all reasonable times subject to payment of the prescribed fee.

2.—(1) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of

a court of summary jurisdiction on a complaint made

by a constable or an officer of a local authority that

the training or exhibition of any performing animal has

been accompanied by cruelty and should be prohibited

or allowed only subject to conditions, the court may

make an order against the person in respect of whom

the complaint is made prohibiting the training or

exhibition or imposing such conditions thereon as may

be specified by the order.

(2) If any person is aggrieved by the making of

such an order or a refusal to make such an order, he

may appeal to a eom4; of quarter sessions in manner

provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

(3) An order made imder this Act shall not come

into force imtil seven days after it is made, or, if an

appeal has been entered within that period, until the

determination of the appeal.

(4) Any court by which an order is made under this

section shall cause a copy of the order to be sent as

soon as may be after the order comes into force to the local authority by which the person against whom

Power of

courts to

prohibit or

restrict exhibition

and training

of performing

animals.

1925.

Performing Animals

(Regulation) Act, 1925,

Ch. 38.

1141

the order is made is registered and to the Secretary of

State, and shall eause the partieulars of the order to be

endorsed upon the certificate held by that person, and

that person shall produce his certificate on being

so required bj* the court for the purposes of endorsement. A local authority to winch a copy of an order is

sent under this section shall enter the particulars of the

order on the register.

3. —(1) Any officer of a local authority duly authorised in that behalf by the local authority and any

constable may—

(a) enter at aU reasonable times and inspect any

premises in which any performing animals are

being trained or exhibited, or kept for training

or exhibition, and any such animals found

therein; and

(b) require any person who he has reason to believe

is a trainer or exhibitor of performing animals

to produce his certificate.

(2) No constable or such officer as aforesaid shall

be entitled xmder this section to go on or behind the

stage during a public performance of performing animals.

4. —(1) If any person—

(a) not being registered under this Act exhibits

or trains any performing animal; or

(6) being registered under this Act exhibits or

trains any performing animal with respect

to which or in a manner with respect to

which he is not registered; or

(c) being a person against whom an order by a

court of summary jurisdiction has been made

on complaint under this Act, contravenes or

fails to comply with the order in any part

of Great Britain, whether within or without

the area of jurisdiction of that court; or

(d) obstructs or wilfully delays any constable

or officer of a local authority in the execution

of his powers under this Act as to entry or

inspection; or

Power to

enter

premises.

Offences

and legal

proceedings.

1142

Ch. 38.

Performing Animals 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

(Regulaticm) Act, 1925.

1 & 2 Geo. 5

c. 27.

Interpreta-

tion, rules,

and expenses.

(e) conceals any animal with a view to avoiding

such inspection; or #

(f) being a person registered under this Act, on

being duly required in pursuance of this Act

to produce his certificate under this Act fails

without reasonable excuse so to do; or

(g) apphes to be registered under this Act when

prohibited from being so registered;

he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act and

shall be liable on summary conviction upon a complaint

made by a constable or an officer of a local authority to

a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(2) Where a person is convicted of an offence against

this Act, or against the Protection of Animals Act, 1911,

as amended by any subsequent enactment, the court

before which he is convicted may in addition to or in

lieu of imposing any other penalty—

(a) if such person is registered under this Act

order that his name be removed from the

register;

(b) order that such person shall either permanently

or for such time as may be specified in the

order be disquahfied for being registered under

this Act;

and where such an order is made, the provisions of subsections (2), (3) and (4) of section two of this Act shall

apply to the order as they apply to an order made under

that section.

5.—(1) For the purposes of this Act—

The expression "animal " does not include

invertebrates;

The expression "exhibit" means exhibit at any

entertainment to which the public are admitted,

whether on payment of money or otherwise,

and the expression "train" means train for

the purpose of any such exhibition, and the

expressions " exhibitor " and " trainer " have

respectively the corresponding meanings:

1925. Performing Animals Ch. 38. 1143

(Regulation) Act, 1925.

The expression "local authority " means—

' As respects the City of London, the common

• council;

As respects any coimty borpugh, the council

of the borough;

As respects any other area, the council of the county:

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by

rules made by the Secretary of State.

(2) The Secretary of State may make rules for

prescribing anything which is to be prescribed under this Act, and as to the execution and performance' by local

authorities of their powers and duties under this Act,

and generally for carr 3 dng this Act into effect.

(3) Any expenses of a local authority under this Act, so far as not covered by fees, shall be defrayed in

the case of the common council of the City of London,

out of the general rate; in the case of the council of a

county borough, out of the borough fund or borough

rate; and in the case of the council of a county, out of the county fund; and the fee for registration shall in

no caae exceed one guinea. •

6. This Act shall apply to Scotland subject to the Application

following modifications:— to Scotland;

(a) The expression "local authority" means a

county council or a town council, and Any

expenses incurred by any such coimcil under

th^ Act so far as not covered by fees, shall

be defrayed, in the case of a county council,

out of the general purposes rate, and in the case

of a town coimcil, out of the burgh general

improvement assessment or any other assessment leviable in equal proportions on owners and

occupiers;

(b) References to a court of summary jurisdiction

shall be construed as references to the sheriff;

references to an appeal to quarter sessions shall

not apply; and the Protection of Animals 2&3 Geo.5.

(Scotland) Act, 1912, shall be substituted for o. 14.

the Protection of Animals Act, 1911.

1144

Exceptions

from application of

Act.

Short title,

commencement, and

extent.

Power to

require

returns.

I

Ch. 38, 39. Performing Animals 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

(Regulation) Act, 1925.

7. This Act shall not apply to the training of

animals for bona fide military, poliee, agricultuMll or

sporting purposes, or the exhibition of any aninjals so

trained.

8. —(1) This Act may be cited as* the Performing

Animals (Regulation) Act, 1925.

(2) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-six.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to facilitate the preparation of Agricultural

Statistics.

[30th Jime 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.^—(1) The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries

may annually, by notice served on the occupier of any

agricultural land in England or Wales or on the person

having the management on behalf of the occupier

of any such land, require him to make within such

time, not being less than twenty-one days, as is specified

in the notice, and in such form and to such person as the Minister may prescribe by regulations made under this Act, a return in writing of the acreage of land in

cultivation, specifying the acreage of the several crops

thereon, and of the acreage of land in fallow or used for

grazing and of the live stock on the land, and of the

persons employed thereon, showing separately the numbers

of persons in regular and in casual employment, and, if

the occupier is also the owner of the land, that fact shall

be stated in the return.

The return shall be made with respect to the

conditions existing on such day as may be specified in

the notice.

(2) No individual return or part of a return made

under this Act shall be used, published or disclosed

1925.

Agricultural Iteturns

Act, 1925. Ch. 39.

1145

without the authority of the person making it or of the

occupier on whose behalf it is made, except for the purposes of the preparation and publication by the Minister

of agricultural statistics or of a prosecution under this Act.

(3) —(ffl) Any person who refuses, or without lawful

excuse, neglects to make a return required under this Act to be made by him shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(b) If any person makes a return under this Act

which is to his knowledge untrue in any material

particular, he shall be liable on sumniary conviction to

a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(4) Any person who uses, publishes, or discloses

contrary to the provisions of this Act any individual

return or part of a return shall be liable on summary

conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or if the

court is of opinion that the offence was committed

wilfully, to imprisonment with or without hard labour for

a period not exceeding three months.

(5) This section does not apply in any case where

the total acreage of the agricultural land occupied by a

person does not exceed one acre.

(6) Any notice under this Act may be served on the

person to whom it is addressed either personally or by

post, and, in the case of a notice to an occupier, may be

addressed to " the occupier " without naming him.

(7) The expression "agricultural land " includes

land used as grazing, meadow, or pasture land, or orchard,

and any land used wholly or mainly for the purpose of the trade or business of a market-gardener or nurseryman.

(8) Before any regulation is made under this Act, a

draft thereof shall be laid before each House of Parliament, and if an address is presented to His Majesty by

either House of Parliament within the next subsequent

twenty-eight days on which that House has sat against

the draft or any part thereof, no further proceedings

shall be taken thereon, but without prejudice to the

making of any new draft.

2. —(1) This Act in its application to Scotland shall

have effect with the substitution of references to the

Board of Agriculture for Scotland for references to the

Application

to Scotland

and extent.

114()

Ch. 39, 40. Agricultural Returns 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Short title.

Amendment

of Schedule

III. of

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 67.

Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and of a reference

to Scotland for the reference to England or Waletf, and

with the further modification that the definition of agricultural land shall he extended so as to include land used

as a deer forest. •

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

3. This Act may be cited as the Agricultural Eeturns

Act, 1925.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to amend the Third Schedule to the

Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, in relation to the making and revision of the valuation list

which will come into force on the sixth day

of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-six.

[30th June 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, (in

this Act referred to as " the principal Act ") shall, for the

purpose of the making of the valuation list thereunder

which will come into force on the sixth day of April,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, and for the purpose of the revision of that list (hut not including the making

of a new valuation list), have effect as if for the Third

Schedule to the principal Act (which Schedule shows the

several classes into which the hereditaments inserted in a

valuation list under the principal Act are to be divided and

the maximum rate of deductions which may be allowed

for the purpose of ascertaining rateable value) there

were as respects the classes of hereditaments therein

numbered 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 (including houses and buildings

let out in separate tenements), substituted the provisions

contained in Part I. of the Schedule to this Act:

1925.

Valuation (Metropolis)

Amendment Act, 1925.

Ch. 40.

1147

Provided that—

' (a) where the rateable value of any hereditament

• if calculated on the basis of allowing a

deduction from gross value at the maximum

rate avithorised by Part I. of the Schedule to

this Act (hereinafter referred to as "the

normal rateable value") would exceed the

rateable value which would be produced by

taking as the gross value of the hereditament

its gross value as ultimately appearing in the

valuation list which came into force on the

sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and sixteen, increased by forty per cent, (in this Act

referred to as " the increased gross value ")

and deducting from the increased gross value

an amount equal to the maximum deduction

allowed imder Part II. of the said Schedule,

the normal rateable value may, unless the case

is one to which paragraph (6) hereinafter contained applies, be reduced to an amount not

less than the rateable value which would be

produced as aforesaid; and

(6) in the case of a hereditament which was not

included in the said valuation list or the gross

value of which as shown in the said valuation

list has been increased by reason of structural

alterations or has been increased by more

than forty per cent., there may, instead of the

deduction at the rate authorised by Part I.

of the said Schedule, be allowed as a deduction

for the purpose of ascertaining rateable value

such an amount as appears equitable having

regard to all the circumstances of the case

but not exceeding the maximum amount which

would be allowed by way of deduetion under

the scale contained in Part II. of the said

Schedule if the said Part II. referred to the

gross value of the hereditament to be entered

in the new valuation list instead of to

increased gross value; and

(c) if in the case of any hereditament being or

forming part of a house or building let out

in separate tenements the rateable value

1148

Ch. 40.

Valuation (Metropolis) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Amendment Act, 1925.

Short title.

which would be produced under this Act

exceeds the rateable value which woul(f have

been produced under the provisions •of the

principal Act, the rateable value of the

hereditament shall be det^mined in accordance with those provisions.

(2) Where the amount of the rateable value

calculated in accordance with the provisions of the

principal Act, as amended by this Act, includes a fraction

of a pound, that fraction shall be disregarded and the

amount to be entered in the valuation list reduced

accordingly.

2. This Act may be cited as the Valuation (Metropolis) Amendment Act, 1925.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Maximum Amount of

Class of Hereditaments. Deduction.

CcAss 1.—Houses and buildings

without land other than

gardens where the gross value

does not exceed £40..

Class 2.—Houses and buildings

without land other than

gardens where the gross value

exceeds £40 but does not

exceed £100.

Class 3.—Houses and buildings

without land other than

gardens where the gross value

exceeds £100.

An amount equal to | of the

gross value.

£10 or an amount equal to J of the gross value, whichever is

the greater.

£20, together with an amount

equal to of the amount by

which the gross value exceeds

£ 100 .

1925.

Valuation (Metropolis)

Amendment Act, 1925.

Cn. 40, 41.

1149

Part II.

Cla&s of Hereditaments.

Class 1 (a). —Houses and buildings without land other than

gardens where the increased

gross value does not exceed £20.

Class 1 (h).—^Houses and buildings without land other than

gardens where the increased

.gross value exceeds £20 but

dees not exceed £40.

Cii, ASS 2.—^Houses and buildings

without land other than

gardens where the increased

gross value exceeds £40 but

does not exceed £100.

Class 3 (a). —^Houses and buildings without land other than

gardens where the increased

gross value exceeds £100 but

does not exceed £150.

(^LASS 3 (6).—Houses and buildings without land other than

gardens where the increased

gross value exceeds £150.

Maximum Amount of

Deduction.

—i —

An amount equal to f of the

increased gross value.

£8, together with an amount

equal to J of the amount by

which the increased gross

value exceeds £20.

£15, together with an amount

equal to J of the amount by

which the increased gross

value exceeds £40.

£30, together with an amount

equal to 1 of the amount by

which the increased gross

value exceeds £100.

£40, or the maximum amount

of deduction allowable under

Part I. of the Schedule,

whichever is the greater.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to make further provision for the application of money paid on account of the China

Indemnity.

[30th June 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) Any sums received at any time after the Application

first day of December, nineteen hundred and twenty-two, of China

Indemnity.

1150

Short title

and repeal.

6 Edw. 7.

c. 8.

Ch. 41. China Indemnity 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

(Application) Act, 1925.

on account of the China Indemnity shall, instead of being paid into the Exchequer and issued and applied in like manner as the new sinking fund, be paid to a fund to

be called "the China Indemnity Fund^" and, subject to the provisions of this section, be applied to such educational or other purposes, being purposes which are, in

the opinion of the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs beneficial to the mutual interests of His Majesty and of the Republic of China, as the said Secretary of State, after consultation with the advisory committee to be established under this Act, may from time to time determine.

(2) For the purpose of advising the said Secretary

of State as to the application of the China Indemnity

Fund, there shall be established an advisory committee

consisting of eleven persons, who shall be appointed by

the said Secretary of State, and of whom at least one

shall be a woman and at least two shall be citizens of the Republic of China.

(3) Any expenses incurred by the said Secretary of

State in or in connection with or for the purposes of the

administration of the China Indemnity Fund shall be

defrayed out of that fund.

(4) The said Secretary of State shall cause to be

prepared, in such form as the Treasury may from time

to time direct, in respect of each financial year an

account showing the receipts and expenditure in that

year in respect of the China Indemnity Fund, and the

said account shall be examined by the Comptroller and

Auditor General, and shall, together with his report

thereon, be laid before each House of Parliament as

soon as may be after the end of the year to which it

relates.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the China

Indemnity (Application) Act, 1925.

(2) Subsection (2) of section seven of the Finance

Act, 1906, is hereby repealed.

1925. Merchant Shipping Ch. 42.

{International Labour Conventions) Act, 1925.

1151

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to give .effect to certain Draft Conventions

adopted by the International Labour Conference

relating respectively to an unemployment indemnity for seamen in the case of loss or foundering of

their ship, the minimum age for the admission of

young persons to employment as trimmers and

stokers, and the compulsory medical examination

of children and young persons employed at sea.

[31st July 1925.]

WHEREAS at Genoa the General Conference of the

International Labour Organisation of the League

of Nations on the ninth day of July, nineteen hundred

and twenty, adopted a draft convention concerning

unemployment indemnity for seamen in case of loss or

foundering of their ship, and at Geneva on the eleventh day

of November, nineteen hundred and twenty-one, adopted

two other draft conventions, namely, a draft convention

fixing the minimum age for the admission of young

persons to employment as trimmers and stokers, and a

draft convention concerning the compulsory medical

examination of children and young persons employed

at sea:

And whereas the said draft conventions contain

(together with other provisions) the provisions set out in

Parts I., II. and III. respectively of the i’irst Schedule

to this Act:

And whereas it is expedient that for the purpose of

giving effect to the said draft conventions such provision

should he made as is contained in this Act;

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (l) Where by reason of the wreck or loss of a

ship on which a seaman is employed his service terminates

before the date contemplated in the agreement, he shall,

notwithstanding anything in section one hundred and

Amemlineut

of s. 158 of

Merchant

Sliippiii

Act, isyi.

1152

57 & 58 Vict.

c. 60.

Employment

of young

persons as

trimmers or

stokers.

Ch. 42. Merchant Shipping 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{International Labour Conrentions) Act, 1925.

fifty-eight of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, hut

subject to the provisions of this section, he entitled, in

respect of each day on which he is in fact uneiftployed

during a period of two months from the date of the

termination of the service, to receive Vages at the rate

to which he was entitled at that date.

(2) A seaman shall not he entitled to receive wages

under this section if the owner shows that the unemployment was not due to the wreck or loss of the ship and shall

not he entitled to receive wages under this section in

respect of any day if the owner shows that the seaman

was able to obtain suitable employment on that day.

(3) In this section the expression "seaman " includes

every person employed or engaged in any capacity on

hoard any ship, hut, in the case of a ship w'hich is a

fishing-hoat, does not include any person who is entitled

to be remunerated only by a share in the profits or the

gross earnings of the wwking of the boat.

2. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, no

young person shall be employed or w'ork as a trimmer

or stoker in any ship:

Provided that—

(a) The foregoing provision shall not apply—

(i) to the employment of a young person

on such work as aforesaid in a school-ship

or training-ship if the work is of a kind

approved by the Board of Trade and is

carried on subject to supervision by officers

of the Board; or

(ii) to the employment of a young person

on such work as aforesaid in a ship which

is mainly propelled otherw ise than by means

of steam; or

(iii) to the employment of a young person

subject to and in accordance with the provisions contained in paragraph (<?) of

Article 3 of the draft convention set out

in Part II. of the Pirst Schedule to this Act; and

(b) Where in any port a trimmer or stoker is

required for any ship and no person over the

age of eighteen years is available to fill the

1925. Merchant Shipping Ch. 42.

{International Labour Conventions) Act, 1925.

, place, a young person over the age of sixteen

years may he employed as a trimmer or

* stoker, hut in any such case two young

persons over the age of sixteep years shall be

employed to do the work which would otherwise have been performed by one person over

the age of eighteen years.

(2) There shall be included in every agreement with

the crew a list of the young persons who are members

of the crew, together with particulars of the dates of their

birth, and, in the case of a ship in which there is no such

agreement, the master of the ship shall, if young persons

are employed therein, keep a register of those persons

with particulars of the dates of their birth and of the

dates on which they become or cease to be members of the crew.

(3) There shall be included in every agreement with

the crew a short summary of the provisions of this section.

3. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, no

young person shall be employed in any capacity in any

ship, unless there has been delivered to the master of the

ship a certificate granted by a duly qualified medical

practitioner certifying that the young person is fit to be

employed in that capacity:

Provided that—

(») the foregoing provisions shall not apply to the

employment of a young person in a ship in

which only members of the same family are

employed; and

(Z») a superintendent or consular officer may on

the ground of urgency authorise a young

person to be employed in a ship notwithstanding that no such certificate as aforesaid

has been delivered to the master of the ship,

but a young person in whose case any such

authorisation is given shall not be employed

beyond the first port at which the ship calls

after the young person has embarked thereon,

except subject to and in accordance with the

foregoing provisions of this section.

(2) A certificate under this section shall remain in

force for a period of twelve months from the date on

which it is granted and no longer:

4D

1153

Medical

examination

of young;

persons.

1154

Penalties.

Interpret a

lion.

Ch. 42. Merchant Shipping 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{^International Labour Conventions) Act, 1925.

Provided that, if the said period of twelve months

expires at some time during the course of the voyage of the ship in which the young person is employSd, the

certificate shall remain in force until the end of the

voyage. *

4. —(1) If any young person is employed in any ship

in contravention of the provisions of this Act, the

master of the ship shall be liable to a fine not exceeding

forty shillings, or, in the ease of a second or subsequent

offence, not exceeding five pounds, and where a young

person is taken into employment in any ship in contravention of the provisions of this Act on the production

by, or with the privity of, the parent of a false or forged

certificate or on a false representation, by the parent

that the young person is of an age at which such employment is not in contravention of the said provisions,

that parent shall be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding forty shillings.

(2) If the master of a ship fails to keep such a

register as is required to be kept by him under this Act, or, on being so required by an officer of the Board

of Trade or any other person having power to enforce

compliance with the provisions of the Merchant Shipping

Acts. 1894 to 1923, refuses or neglects to produce for

inspection by that officer or person any such register as

aforesaid or any certificate delivered to him under this Act, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty

pounds.

5. In this Act—

The expression "young person" means a person

who is under the age of eighteen years:

The expression "ship" means any sea-going ship

or boat of any description which is registered in

the United Kingdom as a British ship, and

includes any British fishing-boat entered in the

fishing-boat register, but does not include any

tug, dredger, sludge vessel, barge, or other craft

whose ordinary course of navigation does not

extend beyond the seaward limits of the

jurisdiction of the harbour authority of the port

at which such vessel is regularly employed, if

and so long as such vessel is engaged in her

ordinary occupation.

1925. Merchant Shipping Ch. 42.

{International Labour Conventions) Act, 1925.

1155

6 —(1) His Majesty may by Order in Council

* direct that the provisions of this Act shall, subject

to such* modifications and adaptations, to be specified

in the. Order, as ^appear to His Majesty necessary or

expedient in the circumstances of the case, apply to

ships registered in any British possession outside the

United Kingdom, other than the Dominions mentioned

in the Second Schedule to this Act, as they apply to

ships registered in the United Kingdom.

(2) The reference in this section to British possessions

shall include a reference to territories which are under

His Majesty’s protection and territories in respect of

which a mandate has been accepted by His Majesty,

other than any such territories in respect of which the

mandate is being exercised by the Government of any of the Dominions mentioned in the said Second Schedule.

(3) An Order in Council made under this section

may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order.

7. This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping

(International Labour Conventions) Act, 1926, and shall

1)6 construed as one with the Merchant Shipping Acts,

1894 to 1923, and those Acts and this Act may be cited

together as the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1926.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Draft Convention concerning Unemployment Indemnity IN Case of Loss or Foundering of the

Ship.

Article 1.

For the purpose of this Convention, the term " seamen "

includes all persons employed on any vessel engaged in

maritime navigation.

Forj the purpose of this Convention, the term " vessel "

includes all ships and boats, of any nature whatsoever, engaged

4D 2

Power to

apply Act

to British

possessions.

Short title

and construction.

[Preamble.]

Section 2.

1156

1st Sch.

— eont.

Ch. 42. Merchant Shipping 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{^International Labour Conventions) Act, 1925.

in maritime navigation, whether publicly or privately owned;

it excludes ships of war.

Article 2.

In every case of loss or foundering of any vessel the owner

or person with whom the seaman has contracted for service on

board the vessel shall pay to each seaman employed thereon an

indemnity against unemplo3rmeDt resulting from such loss or

foundering.

This indemnity shall be paid for the days during which

the seaman remains in fact unemployed at the same rate as the

wages payable under the contract, but the total indemnity

payable under this Convention to any one seaman may be

limited to two months’ wages.

Article 3.

Seamen shall have the same remedies for recovering such

indemnities as they have for recovering arrears of wages

earned during the service.

Article 4.

Each member of the International Labour Organisation

which ratifies this Convention engages to apply it to its colonies,

protectorates and possessions which are not fully self-governing:

(a) Except where owing to the local conditions its provisions are inapplicable; or

(b) Subject to such modifications as may be necessary lo

adapt its provisions to local conditions.

Each member shall notify to the International Labour

Office the action taken in respect of each of its colonies, protectorates and possessions which are not fully self-governing.

Part II.

Draft Convention fixin& the Minimum Age for

THE Admission of Young Persons to Employment

AS Trimmers or Stokers.

Article 1.

For the purpose of this Convention, the term " vessel "

includes all ships and boats, of any nature whatsoever, engaged

in maritime navigation, whether publicly or privately owned;

it excludes ships of war.

1925. Merchant Shipping Ch. 42.

{International Labour Conventions) Act, 1925.

1157

, Article 2.

Young persons under the age of eighteen years shall not

be employed or work on vessels as trimmers or stokers.

Article 3.

The provisions of Article 2 shall not apply:

(a) To work done by young persons on school-ships or

training-ships, provided that such work is approved

and supervised by public authority;

(b) To the employment of young persons on vessels

mainly propelled by other means than steam;

(c) To young persons of not less than sixteen years of

age, who, if found physically fit after medical

examination, may be employed as trimmers or

stokers on vessels exclusively engaged in the coastal

trade of India and of Japan, subject to regulations

made after consultation with the most representative

organisations of employers and workers in those

countries.

Article 4.

When a trimmer or stoker is required in a port where

young persons of less than eighteen years of age only are

available, such young persons may be employed and in that

case it shall be necessary to engage two young persons in place

of the trimmer or stoker required. Such young persons shall

be at least sixteen years of age.

Article 5.

In order to facilitate the enforcement of the provisions of this Convention, every shipmaster shall be required to keep a

register of all persons under the age of eighteen years employed

on board his vessel, or a list of them in the articles of agreement,

and of the dates of their births.

Article 6.

Articles of agreement shall contain a brief summary of the

provisions of this Convention.

Article 11.

Each member of the International Labour Organisation

which ratifies this Convention engages to apply it to its

colonies, possessions and protectorates, in accordance with

the provisions of Article 421 of the Treaty of Versailles and

of the corresponding Articles of the other Treaties of Peace.

1st Soh.

— cont.

1158

1st ScH|

— cont.

Ch. 42. Ilei'chant Shipping 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{International Labour Conventions) Act, 1925.

Part III. •

Dbapt Convention concerning the Compulsory

Medical Examination oe Children and Young

Persons Employed at Sea. •

Article 1.

For the purpose of this Convention, the term " vessel "

includes all ships and boats, of any nature whatsoever, engaged

in maritime navigation, whether publicly or privately owned;

it excludes ships of war.

Article 2.

The employment of any child or young person under

eighteen years of age on any vessel, other than vessels upon

which only members of the same family are employed, shall be

conditional on the production of a medical certificate attesting

fitness for such work, signed by a doctor who shall be approved

by the competent authority.

Article 3.

The continued employment at sea of any such child or

young person shall be subject to the repetition of such medical

examination at intervals of not more than one year, and the

production, after each such examination, of a further medical

certificate attesting fitness for such work. Should a medical

certificate expire in the course of a voyage, it shall remain in

force until the end of the said voyage.

Article 4.

In urgent cases, the competent authority may allow a

young person below the age of eighteen years to embark

without having undergone the examination provided for in

Articles 2 and 3 of this Convention, always provided that such

an examination shall be undergone at the first port at which

the vessel calls.

Article 9.

Each member of the International LaboHr Organisation

which ratifies this Convention engages to apply it to its

colonies, possessions and protectorates, in accordance with

the provisions of Article 421 of the Treaty of Versailles and

of the corresponding Articles of the other Treaties of Peace.

U59

1925. Merchant Shipping Ch. 42, 43.

{International Labour Conventions) Act, 1925.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Dominions toVhich Act may not be applied by

Obdbb, in Council.

British India.

The Dominion of Canada.

The Commonwealth of Australia (including Papua and

Norfolk Island).

The Dominion of New Zealand.

The Union of South Africa.

The Irish Free State.

Newfoundland.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to repeal certain enactments imposing

disabilities on former enemy aliens.

[31st July 1925.]

WHEREAS at London on the second day of

December, nineteen hundred and twenty-four,

a Treaty of Commerce and Navigation, with a Protocol

annexed thereto, was signed on behalf of His Majesty

and the President of the German Reich:

And whereas the said Protocol contained the

provision set forth in the First Schedule to this Act:

And whereas, in order to enable the said Treaty to

be ratified, it is expedient that the disabilities referred

to in the said provision should be removed as respects

German citizens and German companies, and it is also

expedient that, when the said disabilities are removed

as respects German citizens and companies, they should

also be removed as respects the subjects, citizens and

companies of the other former enemy countries to which

they apply:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Section 6.

1160

Ch. 43.

Repeal of

certain

enactments

imposing

disabilities

on former

enemy

aliens.

Short title,

extent, and

commencement.

[Preamble.]

Former Enemy Aliens 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Disabilities Removal) Act, 1925.

Parliament assembled, and_by the authority of the same, as follows:— *

1. The enactments mentioned in the Second Schedule

to this Act which impose disabilities on subjects, citizens

and companies of former enemy countries in respect of the

non-ferrous metal industry, service on board British ships

registered in the United Kingdom, and the carrying on

of banking business within the United Kingdom, shall,

as from the commencement of this Act, be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

2. —(1) This Act maybe cited as the Former Enemy

Aliens (Disabilities Removal) Act, 1925.

(2) This Act .shall extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on such date

as may be certified by a Secretary of State, by notice

published in the London, Edinburgh and Belfast

Gazettes, to be the date on which ratifications of the

said Treaty are exchanged.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provision of Protocol.

His Britannic Majesty’s Government undertake to recommend

to Parliament the necessary legislation for the removal of the

disabilities imposed by the legislation specified below affecting

German citizens and German companies in the United Kingdom

which do not extend to the subjects or citizens or companies of the most favoured foreign country, viz.; —

Non-Ferrous Metal Industries Act, 1918.

Aliens Restriction (Amendment) Act, 1919. (Section 12.)

Trading with the Enemy (Amendment) Act, 1918.

(Section 2.)

Former Enemy Aliens Ch. 43, 44.

{Disabilities Remoml) Act, 1925.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

7 & 8 Geo. 5,

c. 67.

The Non-Ferrous Metal Industry

Act, 1918.

The whole Act.

8 & 9 Geo. 6,

c. 31.

The Trading with the Enemy

(Amendment) Act, 1918.

Section two.

9 & 10 Geo. 5,

c. 92.

The Aliens Restriction (Amendment) Act, 1919.

In section five the

words " other

" than former

" enemy aliens "

and section

twelve.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to facilitate the supply of electricity by

statutory gas companies.

[31st July 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Statutory gas companies may apply for special

Orders under the Electricity (Supply) Acts, 1882 to 1922,

and such companies may use their funds in the promotion

of such applications.

2. The Electricity Commissioners may by special

Order under the Electricity (Supply) Acts, 1882 to

1922, subject after consultation in each case with the

Board of Trade to such conditions, limitations and

provisions (including the keeping of separate accounts)

as they see fit to impose or insert, empower any

statutory gas company to apply their funds, and to

1161

Section 1.

As to granting

of Electricity

Orders to

statutory gas

companies.

Providing

for capital

powers to

statutory

gas companies for

electricity

purposes.

1162

Definition.

Short title.

9 & 10

Geo. 5. C.71.

Principle on

which

questions

relating to

custody,

upbringing,

&c. of

infants are

to be

decided.

Ch. 44, 45. Statutory Gas Companies 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

[{Electricity Supply Powers) Act, 1925.

raise capital or borrow money from time to time for

electricity purposes authorised by any Act of Pflfrlia-

ment or any Order having the force of an Act of

Parliament:

Provided that the principal money^ secured by any

mortgage debenture or debenture stock authorised by

any such special Order shall rank after any mortgage

debenture or debenture stock of any such company

existing at the time such Order was made.

3. The expression "statutory gas companies "

means any company or person authorised to sell gas

by any Act of Parliament or any Order having the force

of an Act of Parliament.

4. This Act may be cited as the Statutory Gas

Companies (Electricity Supply Powers) Act, 1925.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the

Guardianship, Custody and Marriage of Infants.

[31st July 1925.]

WHEREAS Parliament by the Sex Disqualification

(Removal) Act, 1919, and various other enactments, has sought to establish equality in law between

the sexes, and it is expedient that this principle should

obtain with respect to the guardianship of infants and

the rights and responsibilities conferred thereby:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Where in any proceeding before any court

(whether or not a court within the meaning of the

Guardianship of Infants Act, 1886) the custody or

upbringing of an infant, or the administration of any

property belonging to or held on trust for an infant, or

the application of the income thereof, is in question, the

court, in deciding that question, shall regard the welfare

of the infant as the first and paramount consideration.

1925.

Guardianship of Infants

Act, 1925. Ch. 45.

1163

and shall not take into consideration whether from- any

otlter point of view the claim of the father, or any right

at common law possessed by the father, in respect of

such custody, upbringing, administration or application

is superior to 4)hat of the mother, o^ the claim of the

mother is superior to that of the father.

2. The mother of an infant shall have the like

powers to apply to the court in respect of any matter

affecting the infant as are possessed by the father.

3. —(1) The power of the court under section five

of the Guardianship of Infants Act, 1886, to make an

order as to the custody of an infant and the right of

access thereto may be exercised notwithstanding that

the mother of the infant is then residing with the father

of the infant.

(2) Where the comt under the said section as so

amended makes an order giving the custody of the

infant to the mother, then, whether or not the mother

is then residing with the father, the court may further

order that the father shall pay to the mother towards

the maintenance of the infant such weekly or other

periodical sum as the court, having regard to the means

of the father, may think reasonable.

(3) No such order, whether for custody or maintenance, shall be enforceable and no liability thereunder

shall accrue while the mother resides with the father,

and any such order shall cease to have effect if for a

period of three months after it is made the mother of the infant continues to reside with the father.

(4) Any order so made may, on the application

either of the father or the mother of the infant, be

varied or discharged by a subsequent order.

4. —(1) On the death of the father of an infant, the

mother, if surviving, shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be guardian of the infant, either alone or

jointly with any guardian appointed by the father.

When no guardian has been appointed by the father

or if the guardian or guardians appointed by the father

is or are dead or refuses or refuse to act, the court may

if it thinks fit appoint a guardian to act jointly with

the mother.

49 & 50 Vict,

c. 27.

Equal right

of mother to

apply to

court.

Amendment

of 49 & 50

Vict. c. 27.

s. 5 with

respect to the custody

and maintenance of

infants.

Rights of

surviving

parent as to

guardianship.

1164 Ch. 45. Guardianship of Infants 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Power of

father and

mother to

appoint

testamentary

guardians.

(2) On the death of the mother of an infant, the

father, if surviving, shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be guardian of the infant, either alone or jcantly

with any guardian appointed by the mother. When no

guardian has been appointed by the mt)ther or if the

guardian or guardians appointed by the mother is or

are dead or refuses or refuse to act, the court may if it

thinks fit appoint a guardian to act jointly with the

father.

(3) Section two of the Guardianship of Infants

Act, 1886, is hereby repealed.

5.—(1) The father of an infant may by deed or will

appoint any person to be guardian of the infant after

his death.

(2) The mother of an infant may by deed or wiU

appoint any person to be guardian of the infant after her

death.

(3) Any guardian so appointed shall act jointly with

the mother or father, as the case may be, of the infant

so long as the mother or father remains alive unless the

mother or father objects to his so acting.

(4) If the mother or father so objects, or if the

guar^an so appointed as aforesaid considers that

the mother or father is unfit to have the custody of the infant, the guardian may apply to the court, and the

court may either refuse to make any order (in which case

the mother or father shall remain sole guardian) or make

an order that the guardian so appointed shall act jointly

with the mother or father, or that he shall be sole guardian of the infant, and in the latter case may make such

order regarding the custody of the infant and the right

of access thereto of its mother or father as, having

regard to the welfare of the infant, the court may think

fit, and may further order that the mother or father

shall pay to the guardian towards the maintenance of the infant such weekly or other periodical sum as,

having regard to the means of the mother or father, the

court may consider reasonable.

(5) Where guardians are appointed by both parents,

the guardians so appointed shall after the death of the surviving parent act jointly.

(6) If under the preceding section a guardian has

been appointed by the court to act jointly with a

1925.

Guardianship of Infants

Act, 1925. Ch. 45.

1165

surviving parent, he shall continue to act as guardian

after the death of the surviving parent; but if the

surviving parent has appointed a guardian, the guardian

appointed by the court shall act jointly with the guardian

appointed by the sxirviving parent.

(7) Section three of the Guardianship of Infants

Act, 1886, is hereby repealed.

6. Where two or more persons act as joint guardians

of an infant and they are unable to agree on any question

affecting the welfare of the infant, any of them may

apply to the coimt for its direction, and the court may

make such order regarding the matters in difference as it

may think proper.

7. —(1) For the purposes of the Guardianship of

Infants Act, 1886, as amended by this Act, the expression "the court" shall include a court of summary

jurisdiction:

Provided that a court of summary jurisdiction shall

not be competent—

(a) to entertain any application other than an

application for variation or discharge of an

existing order under the Guardianship of

Infants Act, 1886, as so amended, relating

to an infant who has attained the age of

sixteen years, unless the infant is physically

or mentally incapable of self support; or

(b) to entertain any application involving the

administration or application of any property

belonging to or held in trust for an ij^ant, or

the income thereof; or

(c) to award the payment of sums towards the

maintenance of any infant exceeding twenty

shillings a week.

(2) The Lord Chancellor may make rules regulating

the procedure in courts of summary jurisdiction under

this section, and may by those rules make provision for

enabling of applications to be heard and determined

otherwise than in open court.

(3) Where on an application to a court of summary

jurisdiction under the Guardianship of Infants Act,

1886, as amended by this Act, the court makes or

refuses to make an order, an appeal shall, in accordance

with rules of court, lie to the High Court:

Disputes

between

joint

guardians.

Extension

of jurisdiction to

courts of

summary

jurisdiction.

1166

42 & 43 Vict

c. 49.

Enforcement of

orders for

payment of

money.

Ch. 45. Guardianship of Infants 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Provided that, where any such application is m§de

to a court of summary jurisdiction, and the court

considers that the matter is one which would 3iore

conveniently be dealt with by the High Court, the court

of summary jurisdiction may refuse to Siake an order,

and in such case no appeal shall lie to the High Court.

(4) An order of a court of summary jurisdiction for

the payment of money under the Guardianship of Infants

Act, 1886, as amended by this Act, shall be enforceable

in like manner as an order for the payment of a civil

debt recoverable summarily.

(5) Where an order made by a court of summary

jurisdiction .under the Guardianship of Infants Act,

1886, as amended by this Act, contains a provision

committing to the applicant the legal custody of any

infant a copy of the order may be served on any person

in whose actual custody the infant may for the time

being be, and thereupon the provision may, without

prejudice to any other remedy open to the applicant, be

enforced under subsection (2) of section thirty-four of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, as if it were an

order of the court requiring that person to give up the

infant to the applicant.

(6) This section shall not extend to Scotland.

8.—(1) Any person for the time being under an

obligation to make payments in pursuance of any order

for the payment of money under the Guardianship of

Infants Act, 1886, as amended by this Act, shall give

notice of any change of address to such person (if any)

as may be specified in the order, and any person failing

without reasonable excuse to give such a notice shall

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

two pounds.

(2) Where the court has made any such order, the

court shall, in addition to any other powers for enforcing

compliance with the order, have power, in any case where

there is any pension or income payable to the person

against whom the order is made and capable of being

attached, after giving the person by whom the pension

or income is payable an opportunity of being heard,

to order that such part as the court may think fit of

any such pension or income, be attached and paid to the person named by the court, and such further order

1925.

Guardianship of Infanta

Act, 1925. Ch. 45.

1167

shall be an authority to the person by whom such

pension or income is payable to make the payment so

ordered, and the receipt of the person to whom the

payment is ordered to be made shall be a good discharge to the person by whom the pension or income is

payable.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland,

the expression "arrested " shall be substituted for the

expression "attached."

9.—(1) The consent required to the marriage of an Consents

infant, in the case of a marriage intended to be required to

solemnized or contracted on the issue of any certificate

by a superintendent registrar whether by licence or "

without licence, shall be that of the persons or person

mentioned in the Schedule to this Act:

Provided that—

(a) if the superintendent registrar is satisfied that

the consent of any person whose consent is

so required cannot be obtained by reason of

absence or inaccessibility or by reason of his

being under any disability, the necessity

for the consent of that person shall be

dispensed with, if there is any other person

whose consent is also required; and if the

consent of no other person is required, the

Registrar General may dispense with the

necessity of obtaining any consent, or the

court may, on application being made,

consent to the marriage, and the consent of the court so given shall have the same effect

as if it had been given by the person whose

consent cannot be so obtained;

(b) if any person whose consent is required

refuses his consent, the court may, on application being made, consent to the marriage,

and the consent of the court so given shall

have the same effect as if it had been given

by the person whose consent is so refused.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall apply to

marriages intended to be solemnized on the issue of a

licence by an ecclesiastical authority having power to

issue such a licence, with the substitution of references

to that authority for references to the superintendent

1168

4 Geo. 4.

c. 76.

Tutors.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 68

Short title,

construction, commencement,

and extent.

Ch. 45. Guardianship of Infants 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

registrar, and with the substitution of a reference to the Master of the Faculties for the reference tcf the

Registrar-General. •

(3) The persons whose consent is required to such

marriage as aforesaid shall, in the ca^ of a marriage

intended to be solemnized after the declaration of

banns, be the persons entitled to give notice of dissent

under section eight of the Marriage Act, 1823.

(4) For the purposes of this section, " the court "

has the same meaning as in the Guardianship of Infants

Act, 1886, as amended by this Act, and rules of court

may be made for enabling applications under this

section—

(a) if made to the High Court to be heard in

chambers;

(b) if made to the county court to be heard and

determined by the Registrar subject to appeal

to the judge;

(c) if made to a court of summary jurisdiction to

be heard and determined otherwise than in

open court;

and shall provide that, where an application is made in

consequence of a refusal to give consent, notice of the

application shall be served on the person who has so

refused consent.

(5) Sections sixteen and seventeen of the Marriage

Act, 1823, are hereby repealed.

(6) Nothing in this section shall dispense with the

necessity of obtaining the consent of the High Court to the marriage of a ward of court.

(7) This section shall not extend to Scotland.

10. In Scotland a father or mother acting as tutor

of a pupil child by virtue of the common law or of the

Guardianship of Infants Act, 1886, or of this Act, shall

be deemed to be and always to have been a trustee

within the meaning of the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921.

11. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Guardianship

of Infants Act, 1925.

(2) This Act shall (except so far as it amends the

law relating to the marriage of infants) be construed as

one with the Guardianship of Infants Act, 1886, and

1925. Guardianship of Infants Ch. 45. 1169

Act, 1925.

that Act and this Act may be cited together as the

Guardianship of Infants Acts, 1886 and 1925.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on the

expiration of two months after the passing thereof.

(4) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

Section 9.

Consents required to the Marriage of an

Infant.

I. Where the Infant

Circumstances.

1. Where both parents are living:

(a) if parents living together;

(b) if parents are divorced or

separated by order of comt

or by agreement;

(c) if one parent has been

deserted by the other;

(d) if both parents deprived of

custody of infant by order

of court.

2. Where one parent is dead:

(a) if there is no other guardian;

(i) if a guardian has been

appointed by the deceased

parent.

3. Where both parents are dead

4 E

IS Legitimate.

Person or Persons whose

consent is required.

Both parents.

The parent to whom the

custody of the infant is

committed by order of

any court or by the agreement, or, if the custody

of the infant is so committed to one parent

during part of the year

and to the other parent

durmg the rest of the year,

both parents;

The parent who has been

deserted.

The person to whose custody

the infant is comniittt d

by order of the court.

The svuviving parent.

The surviving parent and the

guardian if acting jointly,

or the surviving parent or

the guardian if the parent

or guardian is the sole

guardian of the infant.

The guardians or guardian

appointed by the deceased

parents or by the court

under section four of this Act.

1170

Ch. 45. 46. Guardianship of Infants 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Penalties

for making,

&c. records

without

consent of

performers.

II. Where the Ihpaht is Illegitimate.

Circumstaiioea.

If the mother of the infant is alive

If the mother of the infamt is

dead.

Person whose consent is

required.

The mother, or if she has by

order of the court been

deprived of the custody of the infant, the person to

whom the custody of the

infant has been committed

by order of the court.

The guardian appointed by

the mother.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to prevent unauthorised reproductions of

dramatic and musical performances.

[31st July 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1 . If any person knowingly—

(a) makes any record, directly or indirectly, from

or by means of the performance of any

dramatic or musical work without the consent

in writing of the performers; or

(b) sells or lets for hire, or distributes for the

purposes of trade, or by way of trade

exposes or offers for sale or hire, any record

made in contravention of this Act; or

(c) uses for the purpose of a public performance

any record made in contravention of this Act,

he shall be guilty of an offence imder this Act, and shall

be hable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding

forty shillings for each record in respect of which an

offence is proved, but not exceeding fifty pounds in

1925.

Dramatic and Musical

Performers' Protection Act, 1925.

Ch. 46.

1171

respset of any one transaction: Provided that it shall

be a (Jefence to any proceedings in respect of an alleged

offence under the foregoing paragraph (a) if the defendant

proves that the record in respect of which the offence is

alleged was not made for purposes of trade.

2. If any person makes, or has in his possession. Penalties

any plate or similar contrivance for the purpose of for making

making records in contravention of this Act, he shall

he guSty of an offence under this Act, and shall he making

liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding records in

fifty pounds for each plate or similar contrivance in contraven-

respect of which an offence is proved. of -A.ct.

3. The Court before which any proceedings are Power to

taken under this Act may, on conviction of the order

offender, order that all records or plates or similar destruction

contrivances in the possession of the offender which contra-

appear to the Court to have been made in contraven- vening Act.

tion of this Act, or to be adapted for the making of

records in contravention of this Act, and in respect

of which the offender has been convicted, be destroyed,

or otherwise dealt with as the Court may think fit.

4. In this Act, unless the context otherwise re- Interpreta-

quires, — tion.

The expression "record" means any record or

similar contrivance for reproducing sound;

The expression "performance of any dramatic

or musical work " includes any performance,

mechanical or otherwise, of any such work

which performance is rendered or intended to

be rendered audible by mechanical or electrical

means;

The expression "performers " in the case of

a mechanical performance means the persons

whose performance is mechanically reproduced.

5. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Dramatic and Short title.

Musical Performers’ Protection Act, 1925.

(2) This Act shall extend to Northern Ireland.

4 E 2

1172. Ch. 47. Fire Brigade Pensions 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

■ ' Act, 1925.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to make provision respecting the retirement, pensions, allowances and gratuities of

professional firemen who are members of fire

brigades in Great Britain, and their widows,

children and dependants.

[31st July 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Retirement and Pensions.

Compulsory 1. — (1) Retirement shall be compulsory for profes-

retirement. sional firemen of all ranks on attaining the age of sixty,

except that in special cases the local authority may

extend any such person’s service for a further period on

being satisfied that such extension would be in the

interests of efficiency.

(2) Retirement shall also be compulsory for any

professional fireman who, having become entitled to

retire without a medical certificate and receive an

ordinary pension, is required to retire by the local

authority on the ground that his retention in the brigade

would not be in the interests of efficiency.

Pensions 2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every

and gratui- professional fireman—

ties of _ \

professional (a) if he has completed twenty-five years’ approved

firemen. service, and has attained the age of fifty-

five, and has given three months’ written

notice, or such shorter notice as the local

authority may accept, to the local authority of

his intention to retire, shall be entitled, on the

expiration of such notice, without a medical

certificate to retire and receive an ordinary

pension for life; and

1925.

Fire Brigade Pensions

Act, 1925. Ch. 47, 1173

(6) if he has completed ten years’ approved service,

• and is incapacitated for the performance of his

• duty by infirmity of mind or body, shall be

entitled on a medical certificate to retire and

receive an ordinary pension for life; and

(c) if at any time he is incapacitated for the performance of his duty by infirmity of mind or

body occasioned by an injury received in the

execution of his duty without his own default,

shall be entitled on a medical certificate to

retire and receive a special pension for fife; and

(d) if he has not completed ten years’ approved

service, and is incapacitated for the performance

of his duty by in&mity of mind or body not

occasioned by such injury as aforesaid, shall be

entitled on a medical certificate to retire and

receive a gratuity.

(2) Where a professional fireman is compelled to

retire under this Act on the ground of age, then—

(a) if he is not entitled without a medical certificate

to retire and receive a pension, he shall be

entitled to receive such ordinary pension or

gratuity as he would have been entitled to receive

had he then retired on a medical certificate;

(b) any pension or gratuity to which he is entitled

shall be payable as from his retirement, and no

notice of intention to retire shall be required.

(3) A chief officer appointed after the commencement of this Act shall not, except with the consent of the local authority, be entitled to retire without a medical

certificate and receive an ordinary pension, unless at the

time of his retirement he has attained the age of sixty.

(4) No gratuity shall be payable to a professional

fireman who retires before the expiration of any period

of probationary service.

3. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, where Pensions,

a professional fireman dies while serving in the fire allowances

brigade from the effects of an injury received in, or

disease resulting from, the execution of his duty without

his own default, or having been granted a pension in children and

respect of any such injury or disease, whether before or dependants.

1174

Pension and

compensation not

payable for

same injury.

Scales of

pensions,

allowances

and

gratuities.

Service to

be reckoned

for pension.

Ch. 47. Fire Brigade Pensions 15 & 16 Geo. 5,

Ad, 1925.

after the commencement of this Act, dies from the effects

of such injury or disease— •

(a) his widow shall be entitled, where the injui^ was

accidental or where death was due to disease

resulting from the execution oT his duty, to a

widow’s ordinary pension, and where the injury

was non-accidental, to a widow’s special pension;

(b) his children under sixteen years of age shall be

entitled to allowances until they severally reach

the age of sixteen years; and

(c) the local authority may, if they think fit, grant

a gratuity to any relative of his who has been

wholly or mainly dependent upon him.

(2) Where the widow of a professional fireman is

entitled to a pension, or a child of a professional fireman

is entitled to an allowance, under this Act, and the local

authority are satisfied that there are special reasons for

the grant of a gratuity in lieu thereof, the local authority

may at their discretion grant a gratuity accordingly,

subject to the consent of the man’s widow or, if he leaves

no widow, the guardian of the child, as the case may be.

4, When a professional fireman is entitled to receive

a pension on the ground that he is incapacitated in the

performance of his duty by infirmity of mind or body

occasioned by an injury, or the vudow or any child of a

professional fireman is entitled to receive a pension or an

allowance in consequence of his dying from the effects of

an injury, neither the fireman nor his widow or personal

representatives shall be entitled to receive compensation

or damages from the local authority in respect of the

same injury or the consequences thereof.

5. The pensions, allowances and gratuities payable

under this Act shall be in accordance with the scales

and provisions contained in the Schedule to this Act,

and the general rules contained in Part III. of that

schedule shall appty to such pensions, allowances and

gratuities.

Approved Service.

6.—(1) The service of a professional fireman

for the purposes of this Act shall be subject to such

deductions in respect of sickness, misconduct, or neglect

1925.

Fire Brigade Pensions

Act; 1925.

CiL 47.

1175

of duty as may be made therefrom in pursuance of

any ‘regulations affecting the brigade to which he

belong, not exceeding the period during which he is

absent from duty on account of sickness, misconduct

or neglect of duty, as the case may be; and, subject

to the provisions of this Act as to professional firemen

who were serving as such at the commencement of this Act, the expression "approved service " shall, for the

purposes of this Act, mean such service as may, after

such deductions as aforesaid (if any), be certified by

the chief officer of the fire brigade with the approval

of the local authority to have been diligent and

faithful service, but shall not include service before

attaining the age of twenty years, except in the case of a

fireman who before attaining that age is incapacitated

for the performance of his duty by infirmity of mmd

or body occasioned by an injury received in the execution

of his duty without his own default.

(2) Where a deduction is made from the service of

a professional fireman in respect of sickness, misconduct, or neglect of duty, notice of the deduction

shall be given to him as soon as may be after the

occurrence of the cause for which the deduction is made;

and he may appeal to the local authority against any act

of his chief officer which prevents him from reckoning

any period of actual service as approved service, and

any period of actual service allowed on such appeal

shall be deemed to be approved service.

7 ."(1)Where a professional fireman has served in

more than one fire brigade and has completed not less

than one year’s approved service as a professional fireman in any fire brigade from which, after the commencement of this Act, he has, with the written sanction of the local authority, removed to another brigade, such

approved service shall be reckoned as approved service

in the brigade in which he was serving at the time of

his death or retirement.

(2) Where any professional fireman who is entitled

under this section to reckon any previous service in

another brigade, or his widow or any child or any

dependant of his, in due course is granted a pension,

gratuity or allowance, the local authority in whose

Continuous

service in

two or moie

fire brigades.

1176

Ch. 47.

Discontinu *

ous service

in one or

more

brigades,

&c.

Fire Brigade Pensions 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

service he then is, or was at the time of his deajh or

retirement, shall he entitled to call upon the other

local authority or authorities and they shall confribute

a proportionate part of any pension, fatuity or allowance granted to him or his widow or any such child or

dependant, reckoned according to his approved service

and pay during his service in such brigade, and the said

proportionate part shall be settled by agreement between

the local authorities, or in default of agreement by an

arbitrator appointed by the Secretary of State.

8.—(1) Where a professional fireman, who has retired

from a &e brigade without a pension, subsequently,

after the commencement of this Act, rejoins the same

fire brigade, there shall be reckoned as approved service

the period of approved service which he was entitled to

reckon at the end of his previous service, if he repays to the local authority the ammmt of any gratuity which may

have been granted to him, or of any rateable deductions

from his pay which may have been paid to him by the

local authority in respect of his previous service.

(2) Where a professional fireman, who has retired

without a pension from a fire brigade in which he was

employed as a professional fireman or from a police

force as a member of which he was employed as a wholetime fireman, subsequently, after the commencement

of this Act, takes service as a professional fireman in a

fire brigade, the local authority of that brigade may,

if they think fit, allow the period of approved service,

not being less than one year, which he was entitled to

reckon at ^he end of his service in the first mentioned

brigade, or the police force, to be reckoned as approved

service, if he pays or has paid to the local authority

of the fire brigade in which he has taken service the

amount of any gratuity which may have been granted

to him, or of any rateable deductions from his pay

which may have been paid to him, in pursuance of this Act, or, if he retired from a fire brigade before the

commencement of this Act, or from any police force,

the amount of any rateable deductions which would

have been made from his pay in respect of his previous

service if this Act had been in force during such service

and had been applicable thereto.

1925.

Fire Brigade Pensions

Act, 1925. Ch. 47.

1177

(3) Payments by a professional fireman under this

section shall be effected by means of deductions from

pay, of otherwise as the local authority may determine.

9. Where a professional fireman with the knowledge Service of

of the local authority or of the chief officer of the men be-

brigade belongs to any royal naval reserve force or army longing to

reserve or air force reserve, and is required for training

or for permanent service, he shall be entitled, on

returning to the fire brigade after the end of such training

or service, to reckon any approved service which he was

entitled to reckon at the commencement of such training

or service; and his period of training or service and any

period during which he was incapacitated for fire duty

owing to an injimy received during his period of training

or service without his own default, shall be reckoned in

the computation of the approved service.

Grant, Revision, Forfeiture and Offences in

RESPECT OF Pensions.

10 . —(1) Before granting a pension or gratuity on Proof of the ground that a professional fii-eman is incapacitated incapacity

by infirmity of mind or body for the performance of

his duty, the local authority shall be satisfied by the

evidence of some duly qualified medical practitioner or and revkion

practitioners, selected by the local authority, that he is of pension,

so incapacitated, and that the incapacity is hkely to be

permanent.

(2) Where the application is for a special pension,

the local authority shall also be satisfied that the injury

was received in the execution of duty, that it was

received without the default of the applicant, and that

the infirmity is attributable to the injiu’y, and shall

determine whether the injury W'as accidental or not,

and the degree of disablement; and, for the purpose of

determining any of the said questions which ought to

be determined on medical grounds, shall take the hke

evidence as above mentioned.

(3) Where any pension is granted on the ground of

incapacity for the performance of duty, the local authority

shall, yearly or otherwise, until the power under this

section of requiring the pensioner to serve again ceases,

satisfy themselves that the incapacity continues, and,

unless they resolve that such evidence is unnecessary,

1178 Ch. 47, Fire Brigade Pensions 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

shall satisfy themselves by the like evidence as above

mentioned. *

(4) In the event of the incapacity ceasing •before

the time at which the pensioner would, if he had continued

to serve, have been entitled without a Aedical certificate

to retire and receive a pension for life, the local authority

may cancel his pension and require him to serve again

in the fixe brigade, in a rank not lower than the rank

which he held before his retirement, and at a rate of

pay not less than that on which his pension was

calculated.

(5) Where a pensioner so serves again, the provisions

of this Act shall apply as if he had not previously

retired. Save that, except where the pension was granted

in respect of a non-accidental injury received in the

execution of duty, he shall not reckon as approved

service the time which elapsed between his former

retirement and the recommencement of his service.

(6) Any special pension shall be granted for such

period as may be fixed by the local authority, and, if at

the expiration of that period the degree of disablement

is unaltered, the pension shall, at the discretion of the

local authority, be either renewed from time to time or

made permanent. If within five years of the pensioner’s

retirement or at any time before the pension is made

permanent the local authority are satisfied by the

evidence of a duly qualified medical practitioner that

the degree of the pensioner’s disablement has substantially altered, the pension shall be reassessed according

to the degree of disablement.

(7) If a professional fireman or pensioner refuses or

wilfully or negligently fails, when required by the local

authority, to be examined by some duly qualified

medical practitioner selected by that authority, the

local authority may deal with him in all respects as if

they were satisfied by the evidence of such a practitioner

as to whether he is incapacitated for the performance

of duty or, as the case may be, as to the degree of his

disablement.

(8) (a) Where, for the purposes of this section, any

person is medically examined by a medical practitioner

selected by the local authority, and is dis-satisfied with

his opinion on any medical question, he may appeal in

accordance with rules made by the Secretary of State,

1925. iFire Brigade Pensions Ch. 47. 1179

Act, 1925.

to an independent person nominated by the Secretary

of Stale.

(6)*The local authority shall be bound by the

decision of any medical question which is determined

on any such app^l, but, subject to this provision, the

decision of the local authority on any question arising

under this section shall be final.

11, Where a professional fireman retires on power to

account of infirmity of m ind or body, whether reduce pen-

occasioned by injury or otherwise, and the local authority "ons where

are satisfied that he has brought about or contributed to is

the injury or infirmity by his own neglect, default or conduc

vicious habits, the local authority may, in their discretion,

reduce the amount of his pension or gratuity by an

amount not exceeding one-half of that to which he would

be otherwise entitled.

12, The following provisions shall have effect with Assignment

respect to every pension, allowance or gratuity (in this of pensions

section referred to as a grant) payable by the local apdregula-

authority to any person (in th4 section referred to as

a pensioner) JeSons.&c.

(1) Every assignment of and charge on a grant, and

every agreement to assign or charge a grant,

shall, except so far as made for the benefit of the

family of the pensioner, be void, and on the

bankruptcy of the pensioner the grant shall not

pass to any trustee or other person acting on

behalf of the creditors:

(2) Where any parochial relief is given to a pensioner

or to anyone whom the pensioner is liable to

maintain, the local authority may pay the whole

or any part of the grant, or of the instalment

thereof next due, to the guardians or other

authority giving the relief, and any sum so paid

may be applied in repayment of any sums

expended in such relief, and subject thereto,

shall be paid or applied by the guardians or other

authority to or for the benefit of the pensioner;

(3) If the pensioner neglects to maintain any person

whom the pensioner is liable to maintain, the

local authority may in their discretion pay or

apply the whole or any part of the grant to or

for the benefit of that person:

1180

Ch. 47.

9

Fire Brigade Pensions 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(4) Where any sum is due from the pensioner to the

local authority, the local authority may deduct

the amount of any such sum from the grant:

(5) If the pensioner appears to the local authority

to be insane or otherwise incapacitated to act,

the local authority may pay so much of the grant

as they think fit to the institution or person

having the care of the pensioner, but shall in

such case pay the surplus (if any) for or towards

the maintenance and benefit of the dependants

(if any) of the pensioner except so far as the said

surplus may be otherwise applied for the benefit

of the pensioner:

(6) On the death of a pensioner to whom a sum not

exceeding one hundred pounds is due on account

of a grant, then, if the local authority so direct,

probate or other proof of the title of the personal

representative of the deceased may be dispensed

with, and the sum may be paid or distributed to

or among the persons appearing to the local

authority to be beneficially entitled to the personal estate of the deceased pensioner or to or

among any one or more of those persons as the

local authority may think fit, and the local

authority, and any officer of the local authority

making the pa 3 rment, shall be discharged from

aU liability in respect of any such payment or

distribution:

(7) Every grant which is a pension or allowance

shall be paid, after the first instalment, in

advance, except in the case of refusal to quit

fire brigade quarters or any premises owned or

rented by or on behalf of the local authority,

or to give up any equipment, or to make any

payment due to the local authority; but,

where a person dies whilst in receipt of a grant

paid in advance, no return shall be required of

any payments which have been made in respect

of any period after his death;

(8) Any sum payable to a minor on account of a

grant may be paid either to the minor or to such

person and on such conditions for the benefit of the minor as to the local authority seems expedient:

1925.

Ch. 47.

1181

Fire Brigade Pensions

Act, 1925.

(P) Where a payment is made to any person by a

local authority in pursuance of this section, the

* receipt of that person shall be a good discharge

to that authority for the sum ^o paid.

A pension or allowance Under this Act is

granted only upon condition that it becomes forfeited,

and may be withdrawn by the local authority, in any of the following cases, that is to say, if the grantee—

(a) is convicted of any offence and is sentenced to

penal servitude or to imprisonment for a term

exceeding one month; or

(6) knowingly associates with thieves or reputed

thieves; or

(c) enters into or continues to carry on any business,

occupation or employment which is illegal, or

in any way makes use of the fact of his former

employment in the fire brigade in a manner

which the local authority consider to be discreditable or improper.

(2) Such forfeiture and withdrawal may afiect the

pension or allowance wholly or in part, and may be

permanent or temporary, as the local authority may

determine.

14. If a person obtains or attempts to obtain for

himself or for any other person—

(a) any pension, gratuity, or allowance under this Act, or any payment on account thereof; or

(b) the return of any rateable deductions from pay

under this Act;

by means of any false declaration, false certificate, false

representation, false evidence or personation, or by

malingering or feigning disease or infirmity, or by

maiming or injuring himself, or causing himself to be

maimed or injured, or otherwise producing disease or

infirmity, or by any other fraudulent conduct, he shall

be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding two years, or on summary

conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding

three months or to a fine not exceeding twenty-five

pounds, and where a person has been convicted of an

offence under this section the local authority may direct

that he shall forfeit, in whole or part, any pension,

gratuity, allowance or other sum so obtained.

Forfeiture

of pension

or allow-

ance.

Penalty for

obtaining

pension, &o.

by fraud.

1182

Appeal in

case of for.

feiture or

refusal of

pension,

gratuity or

allowance.

Suspension

of pension

in case of

service

under a

local

authority.

Rateable

deductions

from pay.

Return of

rateable

deductions.

Ch. 47. Fire Brigade Pensions 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Actf 1925.

15—(1) Where—

(a) a pension or allowance after being grarji-ed has '

subsequently in pursuance of this Act been

declared to have been forfeited; or

(b) any person claims as of right a pension,

allowance or gratuity under this Act, and the

local authority do not admit the claim; or

(c) any person claims as of right a pension,

allowance or gratuity under this Act larger

than that granted to that person;

the person aggrieved may apply to the local authority

for a reconsideration of the case, and, if aggrieved by

the decision upon such reconsideration, may apply to the next practicable court of quarter sessions for the

county or borough within which the professional firemen

concerned last served, and that court, after inquiry into

the case, may make such order in the matter as appears

to the court Just; but nothing in this section shall

confer a right to appeal against the exercise of any

discretion, or against any decision which is declared by

this Act to be toal.

(2) An appeal shall lie on a point of law from any

decision of quarter sessions under this section to the

High Court in accordance with rules of court, and the

decision of the High Court shall be final, but in aU other

respects the decision of the quarter sessions shall be final.

16. Where a person in receipt of a pension from a

local authority under this Act takes service under any

local authority in any capacity, his pension may be

suspended by the first-mentioned authority in whole or

in part so long as he remains in that service.

Rateable Deductions.

17. The local authority of every fire brigade shall

deduct from the pay of every professional fireman sums

at the rate of five per cent, of his pay (in this Act referred

to as rateable deductions).

18. —(1) Where a professional fireman not having

been dismissed or required to retire as an alternative

to dismisaial, leaves the brigade without a pension or

gratuity, the local authority, except where he leaves

it in such circumstances as will enable him to reckon

his approved service in the fire brigade for the purpose

1925.

Fire Brigade Pensions

Act, 1925. Ch. 47.

1183

of pension, shall pay him the whole of the rateable

deductions which have been made from his pay.

(2) Where a professional fireman is required to

retire as an alternative to dismissal, the local authority

may, if they thiak fit, pay him the whole or any part

of such rateable deductions as aforesaid, or apply the

same in such manner as they think fit for the benefit

of his wife or children (if any), and, where a professional

fireman is dismissed, the local authority may, if they

think fit, apply the whole or any part of such rateable

deductions as aforesaid in such manner as they think

fit for the benefit of his wife or children (if any).

General.

19. Nothing in this Act shall prejudice any existing

right of dismissing a professional fireman, or requiring

him to retire as an alternative to dismissal, or reducing

him to any lower rank or lower rate of pay, or shall

prevent his claim to pension from being refused on

account of misconduct, or on account of any of the

grounds on which his pension, if granted, would be

liable to be forfeited and withdrawn.

20. —(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, the local

authority shall establish and administer a fire brigade

pension fund to which shall be carried and credited—

(a) the amounts deducted by the local authority

under this Act from the pay of professional

firemen;

(&) an equal amount transferred by the local authority from the district or other fund from which

the other expenses of the fire brigade are

defrayed;

(c) the dividends and interest arising out of the

investment or use of the fire brigade pension

fund, or any part thereof;

((?) any sums transferred by the local authority

from any other pension or superannuation fund

in pursuance of this Act;

(e) any sums paid to the local authority by professional firemen in pursuance of this Act; and

(f) any other sums which the local authority may

resolve to carry to such fund from the ^strict

or other fund from which the expenses of the

fire brigade are defrayed:

Saving of

right of

dwmissal

and reduction in rank.

Fire brigade

pension

fund.

1184 Ch. 47. Fire Brigade Pensions 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Provided that in the case of any local authority

employing less than ten professional firemen the* provisions of this Act with regard to the estabhshmefit of a

fire brigade pension fund shall not apply unless the local

authority so resolve, and where no such pension fund is

established the payments mentioned in paragraphs (a),

(c), (d), and (e) of this subsection shall be made to the

district or other fund from which the expenses of the

fire brigade are defrayed.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, all payments

under this Act by a local authority to professional firemen, their widows, children, or dependants, or to another

local authority, shall be made from the fire brigade

pension fund or, if no such fund is established, from the

district or other fund from which the other expenses of the fire brigade are defrayed.

(3) The local authority may use for the purpose of

any statutory borrowing power possessed by them any

moneys forming part of the fire brigade pension fund and

not for the time being required for payments to be made

under this Act, subject to the following conditions :—

(a) the moneys so used shall be repaid to the fire

brigade pension fund within the period, under

the conditions and out of the fund, rate, or

revenue within, under, and out of which a loan

raised under the statutory borrowing power

would be repayable;

(b) interest shall be paid to the fire brigade pension

fund on any moneys so used and for the time

being not repaid to the fimd, and shall be

calc^ated at a rate per cent, per annum to be

determined by the local authority and equal as

nearly as may be to the rate of interest which

would be payable on a loan raised on mortgage

under the statutory borrowing power, and shall

be paid out of the fund, rate, or revenue which

would be applicable to the payment of interest

on a loan raised under the statutory borrowing

power; and

(c) the statutory borrowing power for the purpose

of which the moneys are so raised shall be

deemed to be exercised by such use as fully in

all respects as if a loan of the same amount

had been raised in exercise of the power.

1925.

Fire Brigade Pensions

Act, 1925. Ch. 47.

1185

(4) The surplus of the annual income of the fire

brigade pension fund above the expenditure thereout

shall from time to time be invested in securities in which

trustees are by law authorised to invest trust funds, or

be used in the manner hereinbefore provided, and the

income arising from time to time from such investment

or use shall be paid into that fund.

(5) If at any time the income of the fire brigade

pension fund is insufficient to meet the sums payable out

of the fund, the deficiency may be met by the sale of

investments made under the preceding subsection, provided that the value of the investments sold in any one

year ending on the thirty-first day of March shall not

exceed one-tenth of the total capital assets of the fund

at the commencement of that year, and the balance of the deficiency shall be met from the district or other

fund from which the other expenses of the fire brigade

ai'e defrayed.

21. The provisions of this Act, unless otherwise Application

expressly stated, shall apply to a chief officer of a fire to chief

brigade in like manner, so nearly as circumstances admit,

as they apply to any other professional fireman, except

that the certificate of approved service and the sanction

to removal from one brigade to another may be given

by the local authority.

22. —(1) Save as hereinafter expressly provided. Application

this Act shall apply to professional ffiemen who were to serving

serving as such at the commencement of this Act, professional

provided as follows

(a) Any such fireman serving at the commencement

of this Act shall be entitled to reckon as

approved service for the piu-pose of the grant of

pensions, allowances and gratuities under this Act any past pensionable service as hereinafter

defined, but so that any such period of past

pensionable service which has not been contributory service as hereinafter defined shall be

reckoned as half that period of approved

service;

(6) " Past pensionable service " shall include any

service before the commencement of this Act

4F

1186 Ch. 47. Fire Brigade Pensions 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(after reaching the age of twenty years) which

is— •

(i) service as a professional firemati in the

same fire brigade or previous service which

was continuous or pracftically continuous

therewith as a professional fireman in another

fire brigade, if such service is certified by

the chief officer of the fire brigade or by the

local authority to have been diligent and

faithful service; or

(ii) approved service as a whole-time fireman to whom, as being a member of a police

force employed as a fireman, the Police Act,

1890, or the Police Pensions Act, 1921, applied,

if such service was continuous or practically

continuous with his service as a professional

fireman; or

(iii) any other previous service as a whole

time fireman which the local authority may

approve as past pensionable service for the

purposes of this section;

Provided that nothing in this section shall be

deemed to affect any agreement made between

a professional fireman and the local authority as

to the reckoning of any previous service as

approved service:

(2) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this

section, the pension or gratuity granted to any

professional fireman who is serving at the commencement of this Act and whose past pensionable service was not wholly contributory service,

may be increased, at the discretion of the local

authority, to an amount not exceeding the

pension or gratuity to which such professional

fireman would have been entitled if his past

pensionable service had not been subject to

any reduction in reckoning his approved service,

if such professional fireman pays to the local

authority such sum as the local authority may

fix, not exceeding the amount of the rateable

deductions which would have been made from

his pay during the period of his past pensionable

service which was not contributory service if

53 & 54 Vict,

c. 45.

11 & 12

Geo. 5.C. 31.

1925. Fire Brigade Pensions Ch. 47.

' Act, 1925.

this Act had been in force during such non-

• contributory service and had been applicable

•thereto:

(3) Where, in pursuance of the provisions of the

preceding •subsection, the pension or gratuity

granted to a professional &eman exceeds any

pension or gratuity which might have been

granted if he had been entitled to reckon only

his contributory service for purposes of pension,

any such excess shall be paid out of the district

or other fund from which the other expenses

of the fire brigade are defrayed and not out of the fire brigade pension fund:

(4) For the purposes of this section, " contributory

service" means service in respect of which

deductions from pay have been made under

the Local Government and Other Officers ’

Superannuation Act, 1922, or under the Pohce

Act, 1890, or the Police Pensions Act, 1921, or

other regular contributions have been made

by the fireman under a superannuation scheme,

provided that, if the deductions or other contributions in respect of any service have been

returned, or a gratuity has been granted to the

fireman on his retirement, such service shall be

deemed to be contributory service only if the

professional fireman pays to the local authority

the amount of the gratuity granted to him, or

of the deductions or other contributions returned

to him, as the case may be:

(5) The provisions of subsection (1) of section one

o'f this Act as to the age of compulsory retirement shall not apply to any professional fireman

so serving at the commencement of this Act

unless and until he has completed twenty-five

years’ approved service.

23. For the purposes of this Act—

(1) " Local authority " includes the council of any

county, county borough, municipal borough,

urban district, rural district or parish, and

in relation to any particular professional fireman means the local authority employing

such fireman:

1187

12 & 13

Geo. 5.C.69.

Interpretation i

4F 2

1188

Act to

supersede

other Acts,

&c.

Ch. 47. Fire Brigade Pensions 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(2) "Professional fireman" means any member

of a fire brigade maintained by 3. local ,

authority who is whoUy and permanently

employed on fire brigade duties, and to whom

the Police Pensions Ac#, 1921, does not

apply:

(3) " Chief officer " shall include " firemaster, "

" superintendent, " or such other title as is

given by the local authority to the chief

officer of the fire brigade:

(4) The expression "total disablement " means

total loss of earning capacity in any employment, and, in the case of partial disablement,

the degree of disablement shall be based

upon the degree to which earning capacity

is affected:

(5) Any injury suffered by a professional fireman

while on duty or while proceeding to report

for duty in response to a summons in that

behalf shall be deemed to be an injury received

in the execution of his duty:

(6) Any injury received while engaged in extinguishing a fire or while engaged in drill

involving special risk, shall be deemed a

non-accidental injury.

24.—(1) The provisions of this Act shall have effect

notwithstanding anything in any other Act, general or

local, or charter, to the contrary, and as from the commencement of this Act all other provisions for the grant

of pensions, allowances, or gratuities on the retirement

or death of professional firemen shall cease to have

effect as respects such firemen, subject however as

follows:—

(a) None of the provisions of this Act excepting

the provisions contained in section seven and

subsections (2) and (3) of section eight shall

apply to members of the London Fire Brigade,

and section seven shall apply to a professional

fireman removing to or from the London Fire

Brigade;

(&) Where a local authority have in operation any

scheme for the grant of pensions, allowances, or

' 1925. Fire Brigade Pensions Ch. 47. 1189

Act, 1925.

• gratuities on the retirement or death of professional firemen, which is on the whole not

less favomable than the provisions of this Act,

that scheme shall, unless and until the local

authority otherwise resolve, continue in operation, and any pension, allowance, or gratuity

granted to a professional fireman or to his

widow, children, or dependants shall be in

accordance with that scheme and not as provided in this Act;

(c) In the event of any question arising as to whether

any existing scheme is or is not less favourable

than the provisions of this Act, the question

shall be referred to an actuary nominated by

the Secretary of State whose decision shall be

final.

(2) Where any scheme for the grant of pensions,

allowances, or gratuities on the retirement or death of

a professional fireman, is superseded by the provisions of this Act, either wholly or as respects any professional

fireman, the local authority shall give written notice of the provisions of this Act to any professional fireman

then serving in the fire brigade, and if any professional

fireman within one month after receiving such notice

gives written notice to the local authority that he desires

the scheme to continue to apply to him in lieu of the

provisions of this Act, that scheme shall continue to

apply to him accordingly, and the amount of any pension,

allowance, or gratuity granted to him or to his widow,

children, or dependants, and the amount of any deductions made from his pay or other contributions towards

the cost of pensions shall be as provided in such scheme

as aforesaid and in lieu of any grant or rateable deductions

which would otherwise have been made in pursuance of this Act.

(3) Where any existing superannuation scheme is

superseded by the provisions of this Act, either wholly

or as respects any professional fireman, the following

provisions shall apply :—

(a) If such scheme is wholly superseded, any assets

of any fund established in connection with such

scheme shall be, carried to the fire brigade

1190

Application

to Scotland.

Short title

and commencement.

Ch. 47. Fire Brigade Pensions 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

pension fund established as provided b^ this Act or, if no such fund is established, to the

district fund or other fund from which the

expenses of the fire brigade are defrayed;

(6) If such scheme is superseded not wholly but as

respects any professional fireman, then there

shall be transferred from the superannuation

fund or other fund from which pensions are

paid in pursuance of such scheme to the fire

brigade pension fund or, if there is no such

fund, to the district or other fund from which

the expenses of the fire brigade are defrayed,

a sum equal to the sum or sums which would

have been payable to the professional fireman

under such scheme if he had voluntarily retired

from the fire brigade at the date when such

scheme ceases to apply to him.

25. This Act shall apply to Scotland, subject to the

following modifications:—

(a) The Court of Session shall be substituted for the

High Court, and the Secretary for Scotland

shall be substituted for the Secretary of State;

(b) Local authority shall mean a county council or

a town council;

(c) In the application of the section of this Act

relating to appeal in case of forfeiture or refusal

of pension, gratuity or allowance, for references

to the next practicable court of quarter sessions

for the county, or burgh, within which the

professional fireman last served, there shall be

. substituted references to the sheriff having

jurisdiction in the place where the professional

fireman last served, and for references to

quarter sessions there shall be substituted

references to the sheriff.

26. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Fire Brigade

Pensions Act, 1925.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-six.

1925. Fire Brigade Pensions Cii. 47.

Act, 1925.

j

SCHEDULE.

Scales oe Pensions, Allowances and

Gratuities.

Part I.

FrREMEN.

(a) Ordinary Pensions.

1. On reiirement with twenty-five years' approved service or

ewer. —Such proportion of the annual pay as is specified in scale

number 1, set out in the subjoined Table I., but so, however,

that the amount of such pension shall not exceed the proportion

of the annual pay specified in Table II., according to the age

of the professional fireman at the date of his retirement.

2, On retirement with ten years' approved service or over with

me/lical certificate. —Such proportion of the annual pay as is

specified in scale number 2, set out in Table I.

(b) Special Pensions.

3. On total disablement from an injury in the execution of duty —

(a) if the injury is non-accidental, such proportion of the

annual pay as is specified in scale number 3 in Table I.;

(6) if the injury is accidental, such proportion of the annual

pay as is specified in scale number 4 in the said table •

(c) if it is not possible to determine definitely whether

the injury is accidental or non-accidental, such rate

intermediate between the rates prescribed in the

preceding paragraphs (a) and (6) as the local authority

may determine.

4. On partial disablement from an injury received in the

execution of duty. —Such proportion of the pension applicable

in case of total disablement as the degree of disablement bears

to total disablement:

Provided that the pension shall not be less than such

proportion of the annual pay as is specified, if the injury was

non-accidental, in scale number 6 in Table I., and otherwise in

scale number 6 in the said table.

1191

Section 5.

1192 Ch. 47. Fire Brigade Pensions 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

. Table I.

Scales of Pensions.

Proportion of Pension to Pay On Retirement.

Completed

years of

approved

service.

Scale

No. 1.

On retirement with

25 years ’

approved

service

or over.

Scale

No. 2.

On retirement with

10 years *

approved

service or

over with

medical

certificate.

Scale No. 3.

On total disablement

from nonaccidental

injury

received in

execution

of duty.

-•-

Scale

No. 4.

On total

disablement from

accidental

injury

received in

execution

of duty.

Scale

No. 6.

On partial

disablement

from nonaccidental

injury.

Scale

No. 6.

On partial

disablement from

accidental

injury.

GOths.

60ths.

60ths.

60ths.

60ths.

60ths.

1 or less

45

30

20

10

2

45

30

20

10

3

45

30

20

10

4

45

30

20

10

5

45

30

20

10

6

45

30

20

10

7

45

30

20

10

8

45

30

20

10

9

45

30

20

10

10

10

45

30

20

10

11

11

48

32

21

11

12

12

48

32

22

12

13

13

48

32

23

13

14

14

48

32

24

14

15

15

48

32

25

15

16

16

51

34

26

16

17

17

61

34

27

17

18

18

61

34

28

18

19

19

61

34

29

19

20

20

61

34

30

20

21

21

64

36

31

21

22

22

64

36

32

22

23

23

54

36

33

23

24

24

64

36

34

24

25

* 25

26

54

36

35

25

26

* 26

26

57

38

36

26

27

* 27

27

67

38

37

27

28

* 28

28

67

38

38

28

29

* 29

29

67

38

39

29

30

* 30

30

60

40

40

30

31

* 32

32

60

40

40

32

32

* 34

34

60

40

40

34

33

* 36

36

60

40

40

36

34

* 38

38

60

40

40

38

35 or over

* 40

40

60

40

40

40

• Subject to the maximum limits specified in paragraph 1 of this Schedule

and Table II., according to the age of the professional fireman at the date of his

retirement.

1925. Fire Brigade Pensions Ch. 47.

Act, 1925.

, Table II.

Muximum proportions of Pension to Pay, according to the

Age of the Professional Fireman.

Maximum proportion of

Age of fireman at

pension to pay at

retirement.

retirement.

Years.

60ths.

55 and less than 56

30

56, 57

32

57, 58

34

58, 59

36

59, 60

38

60 or over

40

(c) Gratuities.

6. On retirement with

medical certificate with less than ten

years' approved service. —^The gratuity shall be an amount equal

to one-twelfth of the annual pay for each completed year of

approved service, or, where a professional fireman has not completed one year of approved service, an amount equal to the

rateable deductions which have been made from his pay.

Part II.

Widows and Children.

(a) Widow's Pensions.

6. Widow's ordinary pension. —The pension shall be the

amount specified under (i) or (ii) of the following scales whichever

is the greater, that is to say—

Scale (i) —if her husband was a fireman or sub-officer at the

time of his death or retirement, at the rate of 301 . a year;

if he was of a higher rank than sub-officer and of a

lower rank than chief officer at the time of his death or

retirement, at the rate of 401 . a year;

if he was a chief officer at the time of his death or

retirement, at the rate of 50Z. a year;

Scale (ii) —an amount ascertained according to the length of

her husband’s service and his pay at the time of his death

or retirement as follows:—

Completed years of approved Percentage of

service. annual pay.

30 years or over ... ... ... 12^ per cent.

25 years and under 30 ... ... 10 ,

20 years and under 25 ... ... 8 ,

15 years and under 20 ... ... 6 ,

10 years and under 15 . 4 ,

1193

1194 Ch. 47. Fire Brigade Pensions 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

subject, however, in the case of the widow of a pensioner

to a deduction equal to twenty-five per cent, of the

amount for each complete year for which her hus^iand’s

pension had been drawn.

7. Widow's special pension .— The pension shall be equal to

one-third of her husband’s annual pay at the time of his death or

retirement.

(b) Widow's Gratuities.

8. The gratuity shall be of such amount as the local authority

may determine, but not exceeding one-twelfth of her husband’s

annual pay for each completed year of approved service.

(c) Children's Allowances.

9. Professional fireman or pensioner dying as the result of

non-accidental injury received in the execution of duty. —The

allowance in respect of each child who has not attained the age

of sixteen shall be an annual allowance, up to the time that child

attains the age of sixteen, at the rate of one-fifteenth of the

fireman’s annual pay; and, if he leaves no widow or the widow

dies before all the children attain the age of sixteen, the allowance

may be increased up to two-fifteenths of such pay in respect of

each child under sixteen; but in any case the allowance granted

to any child shall not be less than the amount of the allowance

to which that child would have been entitled under paragraph 10

of this Schedule if the professional fireman had died as a result

of an accidental injury received in the execution of duty, and the

aggregate amount paid in any year by way of children’s allowances

when added to the widow’s pension, if any, shall not exceed

two-thirds of such pay.

10. Professional fireman or pensioner dying as a residt of an

accidental injury received in the execution of duty. —The allowance

in respect of each child who has not attained the age of sixteen

shall be an annual allowance up to the time that child attains the

age of sixteen at the rate of—

\0l. in the case of a person who was a fireman or sub-officer

at the time of his death or retirement;

12Z. in the case of a person who was of a higher rank than

sub-officer and of a lower rank than chief officer at the

time of his death or retirement;

15Z. in the case of a person who was a chief officer at the

time of his death or retirement:

Provided the aggregate amount of such allowance in any

year shall not exceed 30Z., 40Z., and 50Z., in the three cases

respectively; but if he leaves no widow, or if the widow dies

192{>.

Fire Brigade Pensions

Act, 1925. Ch. 47.

1195

befoue all the children attain the age of sixteen, the actual

allowance or allowances and the aggregate amount of any such

allowa?ices may be increased by fifty per cent, above the sums

hereinbefore mentioned.

(d) Children's Gratuities.

11. The gratuity shall be of such amount as the local

authority may determine, not exceeding one-sixtieth of the

annual pay for each completed year of approved service of the

fireman or pensioner, but so that the total amount of any gratuity

or gratuities granted to the children or to the widow and children

and any dependants does not exceed one-twelfth of the annual

pay for each completed year of approved service, and the total

amount of any gratuities granted to the children shall not, in

any case, exceed the annual pay.

(e) Dependants' Gratuities.

12. The total amount of any gratuity or gratuities paid to a

dependant or dependants of a professional fireman or pensioner

shall not exceed the amount of the rateable deductions w'hich have

been made from his pay, or in the case of a professional fireman

or pensioner who was serving at the commencement of this Act

or who retired before the commencement of this Act, as the

case may be, the amount of the rateable deductions which v ould

have been made from his pay if this Act had been in force during

the whole of his service and had been applicable thereto.

Part III.

General Buies.

13. The same person shall not be entitled to a gratuity in

addition to a pension or allowance, or to both an ordinary pension

and a special pension.

14. A gratuity shall be paid in one sum, except that in special

cases it may be paid by instalments or applied on behalf of the

grantee if the local authority consider that it would be to the

advantage of a widow, child or dependant to do so; and a child’s

allowance or gratuity or a dependant’s gratuity may be paid

to a guardian or trustee if the local authority consider that

it would be to the advantage of the child or dependant

to do so.

16. If the widow of a professional fireman was at the time of

his death living apart from her husband (not having been

deserted by him), a pension or gratuity shall be paid to her

1196 Ch, 47. Fire Brigade Pensions 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

only if the local authority are satisfied that he regularly contributed to her support; and the amount of a pension shall

not, in such a case, exceed the amount which her hiiSband

contributed.

16. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the widow and

children of a pensioner shall not receive any pension, allowance

or gratuity unless the marriage took place before he retired

on pension.

17. The payment of a widow’s pension or the balance

of a widow’s gratuity shall, if at any time she re-marries, be

suspended, but, in the event of her again becoming a widow,

shall be resumed on proof to the satisfaction of the local authority

that her circumstances are such that the pension or balance

of gratuity is necessary for her support, and that she is of good

character and deserving of bounty out of public funds.

18. A widow’s pension or balance of a widow’s gratuity shall

be payable only so long as she is of good character.

19. —(a) In calculating any pension, gratuity or allowance

for the purposes of this Act, " annual pay" means annual

pay at the date of death or retirement as the case may require:

Provided that—

(i) where a professional firemah at the date of his death or

retirement holds a rank to which he has been promoted

within the three preceding years, his annual pay at the

date of the death or retirement shall be deemed to

be the average annual amount of pay received by him

for the said three years, instead of the annual amount

actually received by him at that date, so, however,

that the pension, allowance or maximum gratuity

payable shall not be less than if he had continued

in his former rank; and

(ii) where the pay at the date of death or retirement was

weekly pay, the amount of the annual pay shall be

deemed to be fifty-two times the amount of the

weekly pay.

(6) For the purpose of the foregoing provisions of this rule,

the following only shall be recognised as ranks in a fire brigade,

that is to say, chief officers (including superintendents in charge),

second officers, superintendents, district officers, station officers,

sub-officers and firemen:

Provided that in Scotland firemaster and lieutenant shall

be also recognised as ranks.

1925.

Improvement of Land Ch. 48, 49.

Act (1899) Amendment Act, 1925.

1197

CHAPTER 48.

An *Act to amend the Improvement of Land

Act, 1899.

[31st July 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The proviso to section one, subsection (3), of the Amendment

Improvement of Land Act, 1899, so far as it applies to of 62 & 63

Great Britain, is hereby repealed.

2. This Act may be cited as the Improvement of Short title.

Land Act (1899) Amendment Act, 1925.

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to consolidate the Judicature Acts, 1873

to 1910, and other enactments relating to the

Supreme Court of Judicature in England and

the administration of justice therein.

[31st July 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Loi'ds

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, a7id by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Constitution of the Supreme Court.

The Supreme Court.

1. There shall be a Supreme Court of Judicature in Supreme

England consisting of His Majesty’s High Court of Court of

Justice (in this Act referred to as " the High Court ") Judicature,

and His Majesty’s Court of Appeal (in this Act referred

to as " the Court of Appeal "), with such jurisdiction as is

conferred on those courts respectively by this Act.

The H.igh Court.

2.—(1) The High Court shall be constituted of the Constitution

following judges, that is to say, the Lord Chancellor, the

1198

Judges of

Court of

Appeal and

ex-judges

of Suprenre

Court

(]ualified to

sir as judges

of High

Court.

Divisions of

High Court.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Lord Chief Justice, the President of the Probate Division

and the puisne judges of the several Divisions. •

(2) The Lord Chancellor or, in his absence, the*Lord

Chief Justice, shall he president of the High Court.

(3) All the judges of the High CoiA’t shall, save as

is in this Act otherwise expressly provided, have in all

respects equal power, authority and jurisdiction, and

shall he addressed in the manner formerly customary in

addressing the judges of the superior courts of common

law.

(4) The puisne judges of the High Court shall be

styled Justices of the High Court."

3. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section,

any judge of the Court of Appeal or any person who

has held the office of a judge of the Court of Appeal

or of a judge of the High Court, may, on the request

of the Lord Chancellor, sit and act as a judge of the

High Court or perform any other official or ministerial

acts for or on behalf of any judge absent through illness

or any other cause, or in the place of any other judge

whose place becomes vacant, or as an additional judge of

any Division:

Provided that—

(a) The Lord Chancellor shall not request any

person who has held office as aforesaid to sit

and act as a judge of the King’s Bench

Division, or of the Probate Division, except

with the concurrence of the Lord Chief

Justice or the President of the Probate

Division respectively; and

(b) Nothing in this section shall he deemed to

require any person who has held office as

aforesaid to sit and act as a judge of the

High Court unless he consents so to do.

(2) Every person while sitting and acting as a judge

of the High Court under this section shall have all the

jurisdiction, powers and privileges of, hut shall not otherwise he deemed to be, a judge of that court.

4. —(1) Eorthe more convenient despatch of business

in the High Court there shall he in the High Court three

Divisions, namely:—

(i) The Chancery Division, consisting of the Lord

Chancellor, who shall he president thereof, and

six puisne judges;

1925. Supreme Court of Ch, 49.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

(ii) The King’s Bench Division, consisting of the

• Lord Chief Justice, who shall be president

• thereof, and (subject to the provisions of this Act) seventeen puisne judges;

(iii) The Prdhate, Divorce and Adhiiralty Division

consisting of a president and two puisne judges.

(2) Any judge of any of the said Divisions may

he transferred by His Majesty, under His Iloyal Sign

Manual, from one to another of the said Divisions.

(3) Nothing in this section shall operate to prevent

a judge of any Division from sitting whenever required

in a divisional court or for any judge of another Division.

5. —(1) His Majesty in Council may from time to

time, on a report or recommendation of the council of

judges of the Supreme Court assembled in pursuance of the provisions of Part X. of this Act, order that any

reduction or increase in the number of the Divisions or

in the number of the judges of the High Com*t who may

he attached to any Division, may pursuant to such report

or recommendation be carried into effect, and may give

all such further directions as may be necessary or proper

for that purpose:

Provided that the total number of the judges of the

Supreme Court shall not be reduced or increased by any

such Order.

(2) An Order in Council under this section shall not

come into operation until it has been laid before each

House of Parliament for thirty days on which that House

has sat, or if within that period of thirty days an address

is presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament,

praying that the Order may not come into operation.

(3) An Order in Council under this section shall, on

coming into operation, have effect as if it were enacted

in this Act.

The Court of Appeal.

6.—(1) The Court of Appeal shall be constituted

of ex-officio judges and of five ordinary judges.

(2) The ex-officio judges of the Court of Appeal

shall be the Lord Chancellor, any person who has held

the office of Lord Chancellor, any Lord of Appeal in

1199

Power to

alter Divisions by

Order in

Council.

Constitution

of Court of

Appeal.

1200

Attendance

of judge

of High

Court in

Court of

Appeal.

Ex-judges of

Supreme

Court qualified to sit as

judges of

Court of

Appeal.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ordinary who at the date of his appointment would have

been qualified to be appointed an ordinary judge of the

Court of Appeal, or who at that date was a judge i>f that

court, the Lord Chief Justice, the Master of the Rolls

and the President of the Probate Divisio*i:

Provided that a person who has held the office of

Lord Chancellor, or a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary, shall

not he required to sit and act as a judge of the Court of

Appeal unless on the request of the Lord Chancellor he

consents so to do.

(3) The ordinary judges of the Court of Appeal shall

be styled, and are in this Act referred to as, "Lords Justices

of Appeal."

(4) The Lord Chancellor shall be president of the

Court of Appeal.

7. —(1) The Lord Chancellor may request the

attendance at any time of any judge of the High Court

to sit as an additional judge at the sittings of the Court

of Appeal, and any judge whose attendance is so requested

shall attend accordingly.

(2) Every judge who sits as an additional judge of the Court of Appeal in pursuance of such a request shall,

during the time he so sits, have all the jurisdiction and

powers of a judge of the Court of Appeal, but shall

not otherwise be deemed to be a judge of that court or

to have ceased to be a judge of the Division to which

he belongs.

(3) Any such judge shall, although the period has

expired during which his attendance was requested,

attend the sittings of the Court of Appeal for the purpose

of giving judgment or otherwise in relation to any case

which may have been heard by the Court of Appeal

during his attendance on the Court of Appeal.

8. The Lord Chancellor may at any time, subject to the provisions of this section, request any person w^ho has

held the office of a judge of the Court of Appeal or of a

judge of the High Court to sit and act as a judge of the

Court of Appeal, and every such person so requested

shall, while so sitting and acting, have all the jurisdiction,

powers and privileges of, but shall not otherwise be

deemed to be, a judge of the Court of Appeal:

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925,

Ch. 49.

1201

Provided that nothing in this section shall he deemed

to require any such person as aforesaid to sit and act as a

judge f the Court of Appeal unless he consents so to do.

Qualification of Judges, Vacancies, Tenure of Office,

Salaries, ^c.

9. —(1) Any person being a barrister of not less

than ten years’ standing shall be qualified for appointment

as a puisne judge of the High Court.

(2) Any person being a barrister of not less than

fifteen years’ standing or a judge of the High Court

shall be qualified for appointment as a Lord Justice of

Appeal.

(3) Any person qualified for appointment as a Lord

Justice of Appeal, or being a judge of the Court of Appeal,

shall be qualified for appointment as Lord Chief Justice,

Master of the Rolls or President of the Probate Division.

10. —(1) The oflBce of any judge of the High Court

or of the Court of Appeal may be vacated by resignation

in writing under his hand addressed to the Lord Chancellor,

without any deed of surrender.

(2) The office of any judge of the High Court shall

he vacated by his being appointed a judge of the Court

of Appeal.

(3) Each of the said courts shall be deemed to be

duly constituted during and notwithstanding any vacancy

in the office of any judge of that court.

11. —(1) Whenever the office of a judge of the High

Court (other than the Lord Chancellor) or of a Lord

Justice of Appeal is vacant, a new judge may he appointed

by His Majesty by Letters Patent:

Provided that—

(a) Whenever the whole number of the puisne

judges attached to the King’s Bench Division

amounts to fifteen or upwards, a vacancy

occurring among those judges shall not be

filled unless and until an address is presented

to His Majesty from both Houses of

Parliament representing that the state of

business in that Division requires that the

vacancy should be filled, but where such an

4G

Qualifications of

judges of

Supreme

Court.

Vacation of

office.

B'illing of

vacancies iu

High Court

and Court of

Appeal.

1202

Ch. 40.

Tenure of

judges, oaths

of office, and

disqualiiica-

tion for

sitting in

House of

Commons.

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 72.

Salaries

of j\idges.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Comolidation) Act, 1925.

address has been presented, it shall be lawful

for His Majesty from time to time without

any further address to fill any vacancy#which

may arise among the said judges at any time

within a period of one yeas' next after the

date of the presentation to His Majesty of

that address; and

(6) The judge appointed to fill a vacancy in the

High Court shall, subject to the provisions of this Act and to rules of court, become a

member of the same Division -as that to which

the vacating judge belonged.

(2) The persons appointed to fill. the offices of

Lord Chief Justice and Master of the llolls and their

successors respectively shall continue to be appointed

to those offices with the same respective precedence and

titles and in the same manner respectively as formerly.

(3) The Letters Patent for appointing a Lord

Justice of Appeal shall be passed in the same manner in

which Letters Patent for appointing the judges of the

High Court are passed under the Great Seal.

12. —(l) All the judges of the High Court and of the Court of Appeal, with the exception of the Lord

Chancellor, shall hold their offices during good behaviour

subject to a power of removal by His Majesty on an

address presented to His Majesty by both Houses of

Parliament.

(2) No judge of either of the said courts shall be

capable of being elected to or of sitting in the House of

Commons.

(3) Every person appointed to be judge of either

of the said courts (other than the Lord Chancellor) shall,

when he enters on the execution of his office, take, in

the presence of the Lord Chancellor, the oath of allegiance

and judicial oath as defined by the Promissory Oaths Act,

1868.

(4) The oaths to be taken by the Lord Chancellor

shall be the same as immediately before the commencement of this Act.

13. —(1) There shall be paid to the several judges

of the High Court and of the Court of Appeal the following salaries respectively—

To the Lord Chancellor such yearly sum as with

the amount payable to him as Speaker of the

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1203

House of Lords is sufficient to make up the sum

• of ten thousand pounds a year;

T(> the Lord Chief Justice the sum of eight thousand

pounds a year;

To the Master of the Rolls the sum of six thousand

pounds a year;

To each of the Lords Justices of Appeal, and to

each of the judges of the High Court other than

the Lord Chancellor and the Lord Chief Justice,

the sum of fire thousand pounds a year.

(2) The salary payable as aforesaid to any judge

shall in each case include any pension which may have

been granted to him in respect of any public office

previously filled by him.

(3) Every salary payable as aforesaid shall begin

from the date of appointment.

14. His Majesty may, by Letters Patent, grant to

any of the judges hereinafter mentioned who has served

for fifteen years as a judge in the High Court and the

Court of Appeal, or either of those courts, or who is

disabled by permanent infirmity from the performance

of the duties of his office, a pension, by way of annuity, to

be continued during his life—

In the case of the Lord Chief Justice, not exceeding

four thousand pounds a year;

In the case of the Master of the Rolls, not exceeding

three thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds a

year;

In the case of any Lord Justice of Appeal or any

judge of the High Court, other than the Lord

Chancellor and the Lord Chief Justice, not exceeding three thousand five hundred pounds a

year.

15. The salaries and pensions payable to the judges

of the Supreme Court under this Act shall —

(a) be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated

Fund or the growing produce thereof; and

(5) accrue due from day to day; and

(c) be payable on the usual quarterly days of payment or at such other periods in every year as

the Treasury may from time to time determine.

4G 2

Pensions of

judges.

Charge and

payment of

salaries and

pensions.

1204

Ch. 49.

Precedence

of judges.

Power of

judges to act

in cases relating to rates

and taxes.

(j eneral

jurisdiction

of High

Court.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

16. —(1) The Lord Chief Justice and the Master of the Lolls, shall, when sitting and acting in the Coifrt of

Appeal, rank in that order, and a person who hsis held

the office of Lord Chancellor or a Lord of Appeal in

Ordinary shall, when so sitting and acting, rank according

to his precedence as a peer.

(2) The President of the Probate Division shall have

rank and precedence next after the Master of the Lolls.

(3) The Lords Justices of Appeal, if not entitled to

precedence as peers or privy coxincillors, shall rank

after the ex-officio judges and according to the priority of the dates at which they respectively became judges of the

Court of Appeal. *

(4) The judges of the High Court who are not also

judges of the Court of Appeal shall rank next after the

judges of the Court of Appeal, and among themselves

according to the priority of the dates at which they

respectively became judges of the High Court.

17. —(1) A judge of the High Court or of the Court

of Appeal shall not he incapable of acting in his judicial

office in any proceeding by reason of his being as one of

several ratepayers or as one of any other class of persons

liable, in common with others, to contribute to or to be

benefited by any rate or tax which may be increased,

diminished or in any way affected by that proceeding.

(2) In this section the expression "rate or tax"

means any rate, tax, duty or assessment whether public,

general or local, and also any fund formed from the

proceeds of any such rate, tax, duty or assessment, or

applicable to the same or like purposes to which any such

rate, tax, duty or assessment might be applied.

Part II.

Jurisdiction and Law.

Jurisdiction of the High Cotirt.

18. —(1) The High Court shall be a superior court

of record.

(2) There shall be vested in the High Court•

(a) Subject as otherwise provided in this Act, the

jurisdiction which was formerly vested in, or

I 1925. Supreme Court of Cn. 49.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

capable of being exercised by, all or any of the ’courts following:—

(i) The High Court of Chancery, both

as a* common law court and as a court of

equity, including the jurisdiction of the

Master of the Holls as a judge or master

of the Court of Chancery and any jurisdiction exercised by him in relation to the

Court of Chancery as a common law court;

(ii) The Court of Queen’s Bench;

/iii) The Court of Common Pleas at

Westminster;

(iv) The Court of Exchequer, both as a

court of revenue and as a common law

court;

(v) The Court of Common Pleas at

Lancaster;

(vi) The Court of Pleas at Durham;

(vii) The courts created by commissions

of assize:

(5) All original jurisdiction which, under or by

virtue of any enactment which came into force

after the commencement of the Act of 1873

and is not repealed by this Act, was immediately

before the commencement of this Act vested

in or capable of being exercised by the High

Court constituted by the Act of 1873:

(c) Such other jurisdiction, as is hereinafter in

this Act conferred on the High Court.

(3) The jurisdiction vested in the High Court shall,

subject as otherwise provided in this Act, include the

jurisdiction which was formerly vested in, or capable of

being exercised by, all or any one or more of the judges

of the courts aforesaid respectively sitting in court or

chambers or elsewhere, w^hen acting as judges or a judge,

in pursuance of any statute, law or custom, and all

powers givea. to any such court or to any such judges or

judge by any statute, and also all ministerial powers.

1205

1206

Ch. 49.

Jurisdiction

not Tested in

High Court.

Probate

jurisdiction

of High

Court.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

duties and authorities incident to any and every pt^rt of the jurisdictions so vested.

19. Subject to the provisions of any enactment

which came into force after the commencement of the

Act of 1873, there shall not he vested in the High Court—

(1) Any appellate jurisdiction formerly vested in

the Court of Appeal in Chancery, or in that

court sitting as a court of appeal in bankruptcy:

(2) Any jurisdiction formerly vested in the Court

of Appeal in Chancery of the county palatine

of Lancaster;

(3) Any jurisdiction which formerly was usually

vested in the Lord Chancellor or in the Lords

Justices of Appeal in Chancery, or either of

them, in relation to the custody of the persons

and estates of idiots, lunatics and persons of

unsound mind:

(4) Any jurisdiction formerly vested in the Lord

Chancellor in relation to grants of Letters

Patent, or the issue of commissions or other

writings to he passed under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom:

(5) Any jurisdiction formerly exercised by the

Lord Chancellor in right of or on behalf of

Her late Majesty as visitor of any college or

of any charitable or other foundation:

(6) Any jurisdiction formerly vested in the Master

of the Polls in relation to records in London

or elsewhere in England.

20. Subject to the provisions of this Act the High

Court shall, in relation to probates and letters of

administration, have the following jurisdiction (in this Act referred to as " probate jurisdiction "), that is to

say :—

(a) all such voluntary and contentious jurisdiction and

authority in relation to the granting or revoking

of probate and administration of the elfects of

deceased persons as was at the commencement

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

, of the Court of Probate Act, 1857, vested in or

exerciseable by any court or person in England,

' together with full authority to hear and determine all questions relating to testamentary

causes and matters:

(&) all such powers throughout England in relation

to the personal estate in England of deceased

persons as the Prerogative Court of Canterbury

had immediately before the commencement

of the Court of Probate Act, 1857, in the

Province of Canterbury or in the parts thereof

within its jurisdiction in relation to those

testamentary causes and matters and those

effects of deceased persons which were at that

date within the jurisdiction of that court:

(c) such like jurisdiction and powers with respect to the real estate of deceased persons as are hereinbefore conferred with respect to the personal

estate of deceased persons:

(d) all probate jurisdiction which, under or by virtue

of any enactment which came into force after

the commencement of the Act of 1873 and is

not repealed by this Act, was immediately before

the commencement of this Act vested in or

capable of being exercised by the High Court

constituted by the Act of 1873:

and the court shall, in the exercise of the probate jurisdiction perform all such like duties with

respect to the estates of deceased persons as were

immediately before the commencement of the Court of

Probate Act, 1857, to he performed by ordinaries generally

or by the Prerogative Court of Canterbury in respect

of probates, administrations and testamentary causes and

matters which were at that date within their respective

jurisdictions.

21. The High Court shall have such jurisdiction—

(a) in relation to matrimonial causes and matters,

as was immediately before the commencement

of the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1857, vested

in or exerciseable by any ecclesiastical court

or person in England in respect of divorce a

mensa et thoro, nullity of marriage, jactitation of marriage, or restitution of conjugal

1207

20 & 21 Vict,

c. 77.

Jurisdiction

of High

Court in

matrimonial

causes and

legitimacy

declarations.

20 & 21 Vict.

o. 85.

1208

Admiralty

jurisdiction

of High

Court.

57 & 58

Vict. c. 60.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 16 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

rights, and in respect of any matrimonial cause

or matter except marriage licences; anJ

(6) with respect to declarations of legitimacy and

of vali^ty of marriage, as^ is hereinafter in

this Act provided;

and all such jurisdiction in relation to matrimonial causes

and matters as, under or by virtue of any enactment

which came into force after the commencement of the

Act of 1873 and is not repealed by this Act, was

immediately before the commencement of this Act vested

in or capable of being exercised by the High Court

constituted by the Act of 1873.

22.—(1) The High Court shall, in relation to

admiralty matters, have the following jurisdiction (in

this Act referred to as " admiralty jurisdiction ") that is

to say—

(a) Jurisdiction to hear and determine any of the

following questions or claims :—

(i) Any question as to the title to or ownership of a ship, or the proceeds of sale of

a ship remaining in the admiralty registry,

arising in an action of possession, salvage,

damage, necessaries, wages or bottomry;

(ii) Any question arising between the coowners of a ship registered at any port in

England as to the ownership, possession,

employment or earnings of that ship, or any

share thereof, with power to settle any

account outstanding and unsettled between

the parties in relation thereto, and to direct

the ship, or any share thereof, to be sold, or to

make such order as the court thinks fit;

(iii) Any claim for damage received by a

ship, whether received within the body of a

county or on the high seas;

(iv) Any claim for damage done by a ship;

(v) Subject to the provisions of section five

hundred and forty-seven of the Merchant

Shipping Act, 1894, with respect to the

summary determination of salvage disputes,

any claim in the nature of salvage for services

I 1925.

Supreme Court of Ch. 49.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

rendered to a ship (including, subject to the

provisions of the said Act, services rendered in

saving life from a ship), whether rendered

on the high seas or within the body of a

countyt or partly on the high seas and partly

within the body of a county, and whether

the wreck in respect of which the salvage is

claimed is found on the sea or on the land,

or partly on the sea and partly on the land;

(vi) Any claim in the nature of towage,

whether the services were rendered within

the body of a county or on the high seas;

(vii) Any claim for necessaries supplied to

a foreign ship, whether within the body of

a county or on the high seas, and, unless it is

shown to the court that at the time of the

institution of the proceedings any owner or

part owner of the ship was domiciled in

England, any claim for any necessaries supplied

to a ship elsewhere than in the port to

which the ship belongs;

(viii) Any claim by a seaman of a ship

for wages earned by him on board the ship,

whether due under a special contract or otherwise, and any claim by the master of a

ship for wages earned by him on board the

ship and for disbursements made by him on

account of the ship;

(ix) Any claim in respect of a mortgage

of any ship, being a mortgage duly registered

in accordance with the provisions of the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1923, or in

respect of any mortgage of a ship which is,

or the proceeds whereof are, under the arrest

of the court;

(x) Any claim for building, equipping or

repairing a ship, if at the time of the

institution of the proceedings the ship is, or

the proceeds thereof are, under the arrest of the court;

(xi) Any matter concerning booty of war,

or the distribution thereof, which may be

referred to the court by His Majesty in

Council;

1209

1210

Ch. 49.

Prize jurisdiction of

High Court.

Jurisdiction

of High

Court with

respect to

appeals from

inferior

courts.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

(xii) Any claim— •

(1) arising out of an agreement reciting to the use or hire of a ship; or

(2) relating to the carriage of goods in a

ship; or

(3) in tort in respect of goods carried in

a ship;

unless it is shown to the court that at the time

of the institution of the proceedings any owner

or part owner of the ship was domiciled in

England:

(b) Any other jurisdiction formerly vested in the

High Court of Admiralty:

(c) All admiralty jurisdiction which, under or by

virtue of any enactment which came into force

after the commencement of the Act of 1873

and is not repealed by this Act, was immediately

before the commencement of this Act vested in

or capable of being exercised by the High Court

constituted by the Act of 1873.

(2) The provisions of paragraph (a) of subsection (1)

of this section which confer on the High Court admiralty

jurisdiction in respect of claims for damage shall be

construed as extending to claims for loss of life or

personal injuries.

(3) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,

the expression "ship " includes any description of vessel

used in navigation not propelled by oars.

23. The High Court shall be a prize court within

the meaning of the Naval Prize Acts, 1864 to 1916,

as amended by any subsequent enactment, and shall have

all such jurisdiction on the high seas and throughout His

Majesty’s Dominions and in every place where His

Majesty has jurisdiction as, under any Act relating to

naval prize or otherwise, the High Court of Admiralty

possessed when acting as a prize court.

24. Subject as otherwise provided in this Act and

to rules of court, the High Court shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine—

(a) any appeal from any court which might formerly

have been brought to any court or judge whose

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49. 1211

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

• jurisdiction was by the Act of 1873 transferred

to the High Court constituted by that Act; and

(5) any application, or any appeal, whether by way

of case seated or otherwise, which under or by

virtue of any enactment which came into force

after the commencement of the Act of 1873

and is not repealed by this Act, the High Court

constituted by that Act had power to hear and

determine immediately before the commencement

of this Act.

25.—(1) Every case stated by a court of quarter

sessions otherwise than under the Crown Cases Act, 1848,

or the Q.uarter Sessions Act, 1849, for the consideration

of the High Court shall he deemed to he an appeal, and

shall he heard and determined accordingly.

(2) On the hearing of an appeal from a court of

quarter sessions the appellate court may draw any

inference of fact which might have been drawn in the

court of quarter sessions, and may give any judgment or

make any order which ought to have been given or made

by that court, or may remit the order, and in criminal

matters the conviction with the order, and the case stated

on it, with the opinion or direction of the appellate court,

for re-hearing and determination by the court of quarter

sessions, or may remit the case for re-statement.

(3) On the hearing of any such appeal the appellate

court shall have full power to determine how and by

whom the costs of the proceedings in the appellate court

and in the court of quarter sessions are to he borne.

(4) The judgment on any such appeal or, where an

appeal to a court of quarter sessions has been directed to

he entered for re-hearing, then that appeal shall on

motion by any party to the appeal he entered at the

sessions next or next hut one after the delivery of the

judgment or the giving of the direction, and shall unless

the appellate court otherwise directs have effect as if the

judgment had been given or, in case of an appeal directed

to he re-heard, the appeal had been heard and determined,

by the court of quarter sessions at the time of the decision

in respect of which the appeal from quarter sessions was

brought, and entry and respite of any appeal to quarter

sessions in respect of which a case has been stated for the

consideration of the High Court shall not he necessary.

Cases stated

by and

appeals from

quarter

sessions.

11 & 12 Vict,

c. 78.

12 & 13 Vict,

c. 45.

1212

Ch. 49.

Jurisdiction

vested in

Court of

Appeal.

Appeals

from High

Court.

Supreme Court of 15 & 10 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Jur isdiction of the Court of Appeal,

26. —(1) The Court of Appeal shall he a superior

court of record.

(2) There shall he vested in the Court of Appeal:—

(a) All jurisdiction and powers formerly vested

in the Lord Chancellor and the Court of

Appeal in Chancery when exercising appellate

jurisdiction:

(b) All jurisdiction and powers formerly vested in

the Court of Exchequer Chamber:

(c) Subject to the provisions of this Act, all

jurisdiction formerly vested in or capable of

being exercised by Her late Majesty in

Council, or the Judicial Committee of the

Privy Council, on appeal from any judgment

or order of the High Court of Admiralty, or

from any order in lunacy made by the Lord

Chancellor, or any other person having jurisdiction in lunacy:

(d) All jurisdiction which, under or by virtue of

any enactment which came into force after

the commencement of the Act of 1873 and is

not repealed by this Act, was immediately

before the commencement of this Act vested

in or capable of being exercised by the Court

of Appeal constituted by the Act of 1873.

27. —(1) Subject as otherwise provided in this Act

and to rules of court, the Court of Appeal shall have

jurisdiction to hear and determine appeals from any

judgment or qrder of the High Court, and for all the

purposes of and incidental to the hearing and determination of any appeal, and the amendment, execution and

enforcement of any judgment or order marie thereon,

the Court of Appeal shall have all the power, authority

and jurisdiction of the High Court:

Provided that an appeal from a judgment or order

of the High Court when acting as a prize court shall not

lie to the Court of Appeal, but shall lie to His Majesty in

Council in accordance with the provisions of the Naval

Prize Acts, 1864 to 1916.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 19.

1213

1925.

(2) The decision of the Court of Appeal on any

question arising under the provisions of this Act relating

to raatjinionial causes and matters and to declarations

of legitimacy and of validity of marriage shall he final,

except udiere the* decision is either op the grant or

refusal of a decree on a petition for dissolution or nullity

of marriage or for such a declaration as aforesaid, or

on a question of law on which the Court of Appeal gives

leave to appeal.

28. Subject to the provisions of this Act and to

rules of court, the Court of Appeal shall have jurisdiction

and power to hear and determine appeals from any

judgment or order of the Lancaster Chancery Court or

of the Chancellor of Durham in the same manner as the

Court of Appeal has power to hear and determine appeals

from judgments and orders of the High Court or a judge

thereof.

29. An appeal shall lie to the Court of Appeal from

a conviction on indictment at common law in relation to the non-repair or obstruction of any higliAvay, public

bridge or navigable river, in whatever court the indictment is tried, and shall not lie under the Criminal Appeal

Act, 1907.

Motions for New Trial, Restrictions on Appeals, &c.

30. —(1) Every motion for a new trial, or to set

aside a verdict, finding or judgment, in any cause or

matter in the High Court in which there has been a trial

thereof or of any issue therein with a jury, shall be heard

and determined by the Court of Appeal.

(2) Nothing in this section shall alter the practice in

any criminal cause or matter or in bankruptcy, or in

proceedings on the Crown side of the King’s Bench

Division.

31. —(1) No appeal shall lie—

(a) except as provided by the Criminal Appeal

Act, 1907, or this Act, from any judgment

of the High Court in any criminal cause or

matter;

Jurisdiction

of Court of

Appeal with

respect to

a])])eals from

palatinate

courts.

Appeals from

convictions

for nonrepair of

highways,

&c.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 23.

Motions for

new trial.

Restrictions

on appeals.

1214

Ch. 49.

0

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925,

(b) from an order allowing an extension of time

for appealing from a judgment or order *

(c) from an order of a judge giving uncoifditional

leave to defend an action;

(d) from the decision of the Hi^h Court or of any

judge thereof where it is provided by any

Act that the decision of any court or judge,

the jurisdiction of which or of whom is now

vested in the High Court, is to he final;

(e) from an order absolute for the dissolution or

nullity of marriage in favour of any party

who having had time and opportunity to

appeal from the decree nisi on which the

order was founded, has not appealed from that

decree;

if) without the leave of the divisional court or of the Court of Appeal, from the determination

by a divisional court of any appeal to the

High Court;

(g) subject to the provisions of this section as to

appeals in matters of practice and procedure,

without the leave of the judge by whom the

order was made or of the Court of Appeal,

from any order made by a judge of the High

Court in chambers where no application to set

aside or discharge the order has been made to

a divisional court or the judge sitting in court,

as the case may he;

(h) without the leave of the court or judge

making the order, from an order of the High

Court or any judge thereof made with the

consent of the parties or as to costs only

which by law are left to the discretion of the

court;

(t) without the leave of the judge or of the Court

of Appeal from any interlocutory order or

interlocutory judgment made or given by a

judge, except in the following cases, namely—

(i) where the liberty of the subject or the

custody of infants is concerned;

(ii) where an injunction or the appointment of a receiver is granted or refused;

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49. 1215

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

(iii) in the case of a decision determining

• the claim of any creditor or the liability of

, any contributory or the liability of any

director or other officer under the Com- 8 Edw. 7.

panie^ (Consolidation) Act, 1908, in respect c. 69.

of misfeasance or otherwise;

(iv) in the case of a decree nisi in a

matrimonial cause or a judgment or order

in an admiralty action determining

liability;

(v) in the case of an order on a special

case stated under the Arbitration Act, 1889; 52 & 53 Vict.

c. 49.

(vi) in such other cases, to be prescribed,

as are in the opinion of the authority

having power to make rules of court of the

nature of final decisions;

(y) without the special leave of the High Court,

from the decision of the High Court on any

question of law, whether on appeal or otherwise, under the Parliamentary Elections Act,

1868, or Part IV. of the Municipal Corpora- 31 & 32 Vict,

tions Act, 1882, or any Act amending either c. 125.

of those Acts, and if leave to appeal is granted

the decision of the Court of Appeal in the

case shall be final and conclusive;

(A:) from the decision of the High Court on any

appeal from a county court on a point of law

arising in any probate cause or matter.

(2) An order refusing unconditional leave to defend

an action shall not be deemed to he an interlocutory order

within the meaning of this section.

(3) In matters of practice and procedure every

appeal from a judge shall be to the Court of Appeal.

32. The jurisdiction vested in the High Court and Rules as to the Court of Appeal respectively shall, so far as regards exercise of

procedure and practice, be exercised in the manner pro- jurisdiction.

Tided by this Act or by rules of court, and where no

special provision is contained in this Act or in rules of

court with reference thereto, any such jurisdiction shall

be exercised as nearly as may be in the same manner as

1216

Ch. 49.

Special

provisions

as to exercise of

admiralty

Jurisdiction,

57 & 58 Vict,

c. 60.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

that in which it might have been exercised by the court

to which it formerly appertained. *

33.—(1) The following provisions shall have effect in

relation to the exercise by the I^gh Court of the

admiralty jurisdiction of the court:—

(a) If in any claim for salvage services the plaintiff

does not recover more than three hundred

pounds, he shall not be entitled to recover any

costs of the proceedings unless it is certified

by a court or a judge that the case was a fit one

to he tried otherwise than summarily in manner

provided by section five hundred and forty-seven

of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894:

(J) If in any claim arising out of an agreement

relating to the use or hire of a ship, or any

claim relating to the carriage of goods in a

ship, or any claim in tort in respect of goods

carried in a ship, the plaintiff recovers a less

amount than twenty pounds, he shall not be

entitled to any costs of the proceedings unless

it is certified by the court or a judge that there

was sufficient reason for bringing the proceedings in the High Court:

(<?) If in any such claim as is mentioned in paragraph (5) of this subsection, the plaintiff recovers

a less amount than three hundred pounds he

shall not be entitled to any more costs than

those to which he would be entitled if the

proceedings had been brought in the county

court unless it is certified by the court or a

judge that there was sufficient reason for bringing the proceedings in the High Court:

(d) In any matter concerning booty of war the

procedure of the court shall be the same as in

cases of prize:

(e) Disputes relating to salvage may be determined

on the application either of the salvor or of the

owner of the property saved, or of their respective agents.

(2) The admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court

may be exercised either in proceedings in rem or in

proceedings in personam.

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1217

(3) Where, on an appeal from an admiralty action

which ijas been heard in the county court with the

assistauee of nautical assessors, any party makes application to the High fJourt in that behalf, the court shall

summon Trinity Masters to assist on the hearing of the

appeal if the court is of opinion that such assistance

is necessary or desirable.

34. —(1) If in any case not expressly provided for

by this Act any duty or any authority or power, not

incident to the administration of justice in any court

the jurisdiction of which is now vested in the High Court,

has been imposed or conferred by any statute, law or

custom on any judge of that court, every judge of the

High Court shall, save as in this Act mentioned, be liable

to perform that duty and empowered to exercise that

authority or power, as if he had been duly appointed the

successor of a judge formerly subject to that duty or

possessing that authority or power and the Act of 1873

had not passed.

(2) Any such duty, authority or power imposed or

conferred by any statute, law or custom in any such case

as aforesaid on the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief

Justice or the Master of the Rolls, shall continue to

be performed and exercised by them respectively, and

by their respective successors, in the same manner as

formerly.

35. —(1) Where by any statute any power was given

to or any act was required or authorised to be done by the

Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas and the Lord

Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or either of them, either

solely or jointly with the Lord Chief Justice of the

Queen’s Bench or the Lord Chief Justice, and either with

or without the Lord Chancellor or any judge, officer or

person, that power may be exercised and that act done

by the Lord Chief Justice.

(2) Where by any statute the concurrence of the

Lord Chief J ustiee of the Common Pleas and the Lord

Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or either of them, is

required for the exercise of any power or the performance of any act, the concurrence of the Lord Chief

Justice shall be sufficient.

Provisions

for extraordinary duties

of judges of

former

courts.

Lord Chief

Justice to

have powers

of Chief Jus-

ti(re of Common Pleas

and Chief

Baron of

Exche(juer.

4H

1218

Ch. 49.

Supreme Cmirt of 15 & 16 Geo. 6.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Law and

equity to be

concurrently

administered.

Equities of

plaintiff.

Equitable

defences.

Counterclaims and

third parties.

Law and Equity.

36. Subject to the express provisions of any other

Act, in every civil cause or matter commenced in the

High Court law and equity shall he administered by the

High Court and the Court of Appeal, as the case may he,

according to the provisions of the seven sections of this Act next following.

37. If a plaintiff or petitioner claims to he entitled

to any equitable estate or right, or to relief on any

equitable ground against any deed, instrument or contract, or against any right, title or claim whatsoever

asserted by any defendant or respondent in the cause or

matter, or to any relief founded upon a legal right, which

formerly could only have been given by a court of

equity, the court or judge shall give to the plaintiff or

petitioner the same relief as ought formerly to have been

given by the Court of Chancery in a suit or proceeding

for the like purpose properly instituted.

38. If a defendant claims to be entitled to any

equitable estate or right, or to relief on any equitable

ground against any deed, instrument or contract, or

against any right, title or claim asserted by any plaintiff

or petitioner in the cause or matter, or alleges any ground

of equitable defence to any such claim of the plaintiff or

petitioner, the court or judge shall give to every equitable

estate, right or ground of relief so claimed, and to every

equitable defence so alleged, the same effect by way of

defence against the claim of the plaintiff or petitioner,

as the Court of Chancery ought formerly to have given

if the like matters had been relied on by way of defence

in any suit or proceeding instituted in that court for the

like purpose.

39. —(1) The court or judge shall have power to

grant to any defendant in respect of any equitable estate

or right or other matter or equity, and also in respect

of any legal estate, right or title claimed or asserted by

him—

(a) all such relief against any plaintiff or petitioner

as the defendant has properly claimed by his

pleading, and as the court or judge might have

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1219

• granted in any suit instituted for that purpose

• by that defendant against the same plaintiff or

petitioner; and

(b) all such relief relating to or connected with the

original subject of the cause or matter, claimed

in like manner against any other person, whether

already a party to the cause or matter or not,

who has been duly served with notice in writing

of the claim pursuant to rules of court or any

order of the court, as might properly have been

granted against that person if he had been made

a defendant to a cause duly instituted by the

same defendant for the like purpose.

(2) Every person served with any such notice as

aforesaid shall thenceforth be deemed a party to the

cause or matter with the same rights in respect of his

defence against the claim as if he had been duly sued in

the ordinary way by the defendant.

40. The court or judge shall take notice of all

equitable estates, titles and rights, and all equitable

duties and liabilities appearing incidentally in the course

of any cause or matter, in the same manner in which

the Court of Chancery would formerly have taken

notice of those matters in any suit or proceeding duly

instituted therein.

41. No cause or proceeding at any time pending in

the High Court or the Court of Appeal shall be restrained

by prohibition or injunction, but every matter of equity on

which an injunction against the prosecution of any such

cause or proceeding might formerly have been obtained,

whether unconditionally or on any terms or conditions,

may be relied on by way of defence thereto:

Provided that—

(a) Nothing in this Act shall disable either of the

said courts, if it thinks lit so to do, from

directing a stay of proceedings in any cause

or matter pending before it; and

(h) Any person, whether a party or not to any such

cause or matter, who would formerly have

been entitled to apply to any court to restrain

4H 2

Equities

appear! ug

incidentally.

Defence or

stay instead

of injunction

or prohibition.

1220

Common

law and

statutory

rights and

duties.

Determination of matter

completely

and finally.

Rules of

equity to

prevail.

49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 6.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1926.

the prosecution thereof, or who may he entitled

to enforce, by attachment or otherwise, any

judgment, decree, rule or order, in contravention of which all or any part of the proceedings

in the cause or matter have been taken, may

apply to the High Court or the Court of

Appeal, as the case may he, by motion in a

summary way, for a stay of proceedings in

the cause or matter, either generally, or so

far as may he necessary for the purposes of

justice, and the court shall thereupon make

such order as shall he just.

42. Subject to the provisions of this Act for giving

effect to equitable rights and other matters of equity, the

court or judge shall give effect to all legal claims and

demands, and all estates, titles, rights, duties, obligations

and liabilities existing by the common law or by any

custom, or created by any statute, in the same manner

as those matters would formerly have been given effect to

by any of the courts the jurisdiction of which was vested

in the High Court constituted by the Act of 1873.

43. The High Court and the Court of Appeal respectively, in the exercise of the jurisdiction vested in them

by this Act, shall, in every cause or matter pending before

the court, grant, either absolutely or on such terms and

conditions as the court thinks just, all such remedies

whatsoever as any of the parties thereto may appear to

he entitled to in respect of any legal or equitable claim

properly brought forward by them in the cause or matter,

so that, as far as possible, all matters in controversy

between the parties may he completely and finally

determined, and all multiplicity of legal proceedings

concerning any of those matters avoided.

44. Subject to the express provisions of any other

Act, in questions relating to the custody and education

of infants and generally in all matters not particularly

mentioned in this Act, in which there was formerly or is

any conflict or variance between the rules of equity and

the rules of the common law with reference to the same

matter, the rules of equity shall prevail in all courts whatsoever in England so far as the matters to which those

rules relate are cognizable by those courts.

1925.

Supreme Court of Ch. 49.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

1221

• Miscellaneous.

46.—(1) The High Court may grant a mandamus or

an injunction or appoint a receiver by an interlocutory order

in all cases in which it appears to the court to he just or

convenient so to do.

(2) Any such order may be made either unconditionally

or on such terms and conditions as the court thinks

just.

(3) If, whether before, or at, or after the hearing

of any eause or matter, an application is made for an

injunction to prevent any threatened or apprehended

waste or trespass, the injunction may he granted, if the

court thinks fit, whether the person against whom the

injunction is sought is or is not in possession under any

claim of title or otherwise, or (if out of possession) does

or does not claim a right to do the act sought to he

restrained under any colour of title, and whether the

estates claimed by both or by either of the parties are

legal or equitable.

46. In the case of any action for a forfeiture brought

for non-payment of rent, the High Court or a judge

thereof shall have power to give relief in a summary

manner, and subject to the same terms and conditions

in all respects as to payment of rent, costs and otherwise as could formerly have been imposed in the Court

of Chancery, and if the lessee, his executors, administrators or assigns are so relieved they shall hold the

demised premises according to the terms of the lease and

without the necessity of any new lease.

47. Where any person neglects or refuses to comply

with a judgment or order directing him to execute any

conveyance, contract or other document, or to indorse

any negotiable instrument, the High Court may, on such

terms and conditions, if any, as may be just, order that the

conveyance, contract or other document shall be executed

or that the negotiable instrument shall be indorsed by

such person as the court may nominate for that purpose,

and a conveyance, contract, document or instrument

so executed or indorsed shall operate and be for all

purposes available as if it had been executed or indorsed

by the person originally directed to execute or indorse it.

Mandamus,

injunctions

and receivers.

Relief

against forfeiture for

non-payment

of rent.

Execution of

instruments

by order of

court.

1222

Ch. 49.

Quo warranto.

Subpoena

issued by

High Court

to run

throughout

United

Kingdom.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

48. Proceedings in quo warranto shall he deemed

to he civil proceedings whether for purposes of appeal or

otherwise. •

49.—(1) If in any cause or m?rtter in the High

Court (including a cause or matter referred to an official

or special referee or arbitrator under the provisions of this Act relating to inquiries and trials by referees) it

appears to the court or a judge that it is proper to compel

the personal attendance at any trial of a witness who may

not he within the jurisdiction of the court, it shall be lawful

for the court or a judge, if in the discretion of the court or a

judge it seems fit so to do, to order that a writ of subpoena

ad testificandum or writ of subpoena duces tecum shall

issue in special form commanding the witness to attend

the trial wherever he shall he within the United Kingdom,

and the service of any such writ in any part of the United

Kingdom, shall he as valid and effectual to all intents and

purposes as if it had been served within the jurisdiction

of the High Court.

(2) Every such writ shall have at its foot a statement

to the effect that it is issued by the special order of the

court or a judge as the case may he, and no such writ shall

issue without such a special order.

(3) If any person served with a writ issued under

this section does not appear as required by the writ, the

High Court, on proof to the satisfaction of the court of the service of the writ and of the default, may transmit a

certificate of the default under the seal of the court or

under the hand of a judge of the court, in case the

service was in Scotland to the Court of Session at Edinburgh, and in case the service was in Northern Ireland to the High Court of Justice of Northern Ireland at Belfast,

and the court to which the certificate is so sent shall

thereupon proceed against and punish the person so

having made the default in like manner as if that person

had neglected or refused to appear in obedience to process

issued out of that court.

(4) No court shall in any case proceed against or

punish any person for having made such default as

aforesaid unless it is shown to the coxu-t that a reasonable

and sufficient sum of money to defray the expenses of

coming and attending to give evidence and of returning

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1223

from giving evidence was tendered to that person at the

time when the writ was served upon him.

(5^ Nothing herein contained shall alter or affect:—

(a) the power of the High Court to issue a commission for the examination Of witnesses out

of the jurisdiction of the court in any case in

which, notwithstanding this section, the court

thinks fit to issue such a commission; or

[h) the admissibility of any evidence at any trial

where such evidence is now by law receivable

on the ground of any witness being beyond

the jurisdiction of the court, and the admissibility of any such evidence shall he determined

as if this section and any enactment reproduced

by this section had not passed.

50. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act and

to rules of court and to the express provisions of any

other Act, the costs of and incidental to all proceedings

in the Supreme Court, including the administration of

estates and trusts, shall he in the discretion of the court

or judge, and the court or judge shall have full power

to determine by whom and to what extent the costs are

to be paid.

(2) Nothing in this section shall alter the practice

in any criminal cause or matter, in bankruptcy or in

proceedings on the Crown side of the King’s Bench

Division.

51. —(1) If, on an application made by the Attorney-

General under this section, the High Court is satisfied

that any person has habitually and persistently and

without any reasonable ground instituted vexatious legal

proceedings, whether in the High Court or in any inferior

court, and whether against the same person or against

different persons, the court may, after hearing that person

or giving him an opportunity of being heard, order that

no legal proceedings shall without the leave of the High

Court or a judge thereof be instituted by him in any

court, and such leave shall not be given unless the court

or judge is satisfied that the proceedings are not an abuse

of the process of the court and that there is prima facie

ground for the proceedings.

Costs.

Restriction

on institution

of vexatious

actions.

1224

Ch. 49.

Provision for

continuous

sittinjrs at

Royal

Courts of

Justice.

Vacations.

Sittings in

vacation.

Distribution

of business.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature {ComoUdation) Act, 1925.

(2) If the person against whom an order is sought

under this section is unable on account of poverty to

retain counsel, the High Court shall assign counsel to

him.

(3) A copy of any order made under this section shall

he published in the London Gazette.

Part III.

SirriNGS, Distribution op Business, and Assizes.

Sittings and Vacations.

52. Subject to rules of court, such number of judges

of the High Court as may be requisite having regard to the business to be disposed of shall, so far as reasonably

practicable and subject to vacations, sit continuously at

the Royal Courts of Justice for the trial of causes in the

King’s Bench Division.

53. —(1) His Majesty may from time to time by

Order in Council, on a report or recommendation made,

with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, by the

council of judges of the Supreme Court assembled in

pursuance of the provisions of Part X. of this Act, make,

revoke or modify orders regulating the vacations to be

observed by the High Court and the Court of Appeal and

in the offices of the said courts respectively.

(2) Any Order in Council made in pursuance of this

section shall, so long as it continues in force, have

effect as if enacted in this Act, and rules of court may

be made accordingly for carrying the Order into effect.

54. Provision shall be made by rules of court for

the hearing during vacation by judges of the High Court

and the Court of Appeal respectively of all such applications as may require to be immediately or promptly

heard.

Distribution of Business.

55. Without prejudice to any other provision of this Act, all causes and matters in the High Court

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1225

shall, subject to the power of transfer, be distributed

among the several Divisions and judges of the High Court,

in suck manner as may be directed by rules of court,

and subject thereto all such causes and matters shall be

assigned to the said Divisions respectively in the manner

hereinafter provided.

56. Without prejudice to any other provision of this Act, there shall he assigned—

(1) To the Chancery Division—

(«) All causes and matters in respect of which

exclusive jurisdiction was under any Act

given to the Court of Chancery or to any

judge thereof:

(b) All causes and matters for any of the following

purposes:

The administration of the estates of deceased persons;

The dissolution of partnerships or the

taking of partnership or other accounts;

The redemption or foreclosure of mortgages;

The raising of portions or other charges

on land;

The sale and distribution of the proceeds

of property subject to any lien or charge;

The execution of trusts, charitable or

private;

The rectification or setting aside, or

cancellation of deeds or other written

instruments;

The specific performance of contracts

between vendors and purchasers of real

estates, including contracts for leases;

The partition or sale of real estates;

The wardship of infants and the care of

infants estates:

(c) All causes and matters which under, by virtue

of or in pursuance of any enactment for the

time being in force are assigned to that

Division.

Assignment

of business

to Divisions.

1226

Power of

Lord Chau>

cellor to

re-distribute

business

among

Divisions.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (^Consolidation) Act, 1925.

(2) To the King’s Bench Division—

(a) All causes and matters, civil and criminal, Which,

if the Act of 1873 had not passed, wowsld have

heen Tvithin the exclusive cognizance of the

Court of Queen’s Bench «in the exercise of

its original jurisdiction, or of the Court of

Common Pleas at Westminster, or of the

Court of Exchequer, either as a court of

revenue or as a common law court:

(b) All causes and matters which under, by virtue

of or in pursuance of any enactment for the time being in force are assigned to that Division.

(3) To the Prohate Division—

(a) All causes and matters which, if the Act of

1873 had not passed, would have heen within

the exclusive cognizance of the Court of

Prohate, or the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, or of the High Court of

Admiralty:

(b) All causes and matters within the jurisdiction

of the High Court as a prize court:

(c) All causes and matters which under, by virtue

of or in pursuance of any enactment for the

time being in force are assigned to that

Division.

57.—(1) The Lord Chancellor may, if at any time it

appears to him desirable so to do with a view to the more

convenient administration of justice, by order direct that

any jurisdiction vested in the High Court in respect of

any matter which by any enactment (including this Act) or any rule or order made imder any enactment

(including this Act) is assigned to any Division shall,

notwithstanding that enactment, rule or order, be

assigned to such other Division as may be specified in

the order and shall be exercised either by any special

judge or judges or by all the judges of that other

Division:

Provided that an order shall not be made under

this subsection except with the concurrence both of the

president of the Division to which the jurisdiction is at

the time assigned and of the president of the Division to

which the jurisdiction is to be transferred.

1925.

Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1926.

Ch. 49.

1227

(2) Where under any enactment a right of appeal to the High Court or to any Division is given from decisions

given by county courts in pursuance of the jurisdiction

vested in county courts in respect of any matter, the

Lord Chancellor njay, notwithstanding anything in any enactment, by order direct to which Division the appeal shall lie.

(3) Any order made under this section may at any time be revoked, varied or amended by a subsequent order so made.

58. Subject to rules of court and to the provisions

of this Act, every person by whom any cause or matter is commenced in the High Court shall assign the cause or

matter to such Division as he thinks fit by marking the document by which the cause or matter is commenced

with the name of that Division and giving notice thereof

to the proper officer:

Provided that—

(1) All interlocutory and other steps and proceedings in or before the High Court in any

cause or matter subsequent to the commencement thereof, shall, subject to rules of court

and to the power of transfer, be taken in the

Division to which the cause or matter is for

the time being attached; and

(2) If any plaintiff or petitioner assigns his cause

or matter to any Division to which, according

to rules of court or the provisions of this Act,

it ought not to be assigned, the court or any

judge of that Division, on being informed

thereof, may, on a summary application at

any stage of the cause or matter, direct the

cause or matter to be transferred to the

Division to which, according to those rules

or provisions, it ought to have been assigned,

or may retain it in the Division in which it was

commenced; and

(3) All steps and proceedings taken by the plaintiff

or petitioner or by any other party in any cause or matter and all orders made therein by the court or any judge thereof before any

transfer shall be valid and effectual to all

intents and purposes in the same manner as if

Option for

plaintifi to

choose

Division.

1228

Power of

transfer.

Proceedings

in High

Court to be

disposed of

by single

judge.

Powers of

single judge

in court and

in chambers,

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

the steps and proceedings had been taken and

the orders had been made in the Division to

which the cause or matter ought to have been

assigned; and

(4) Subject to rules of court, a person commencing

any cause or matter shall not assign it to the

Probate Division, unless he would have formerly

been entitled to commence that cause or matter

in the Court of Probate or the Court for

Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, or unless the cause or matter is within the admiralty

jurisdiction of the High Court.

59. Any cause or matter may at any time and at

any stage thereof, and either with or without application

from any of the parties thereto, be transferred by such

authority and in such manner as rules of court may

direct from one Division or judge of the High Court to

any other Division or judge thereof, or may by the like

authority he retained in the Division in which it was

commenced, although not the Division to which it ought

in the first instance to have been assigned.

60. Every proceeding in the High Court and all

business arising thereout shall, so far as is practicable and

convenient and subject to the provisions of this Act relating

to divisional courts, be heard and disposed of before a

single judge, and all proceedings in an action subsequent to the hearing or trial, down to and including

the final judgment or order, shall, so far as is practicable

and convenient, be taken before the judge before whom the

trial or hearing took place.

61. —(1) A judge of the High Court may, subject

to rules of court, exercise in court or in chambers all or any

part of the jurisdiction vested in the High Court, in all such

causes and matters and in all such proceedings in a, ny causes

or matters as might formerly have been heard in court or

in chambers respectively by a single judge of any of the

courts whose jurisdiction is vested in the High Court, or

as may he directed or authorised to he so heard by rules

of court, or by or in pursuance of any Act passed after

the commencement of the Act of 1873, and for the time

being in force.

(2) A judge of the High Court sitting in court shall

be deemed to constitute a court of the High Court.

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49. 1229

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

62. Subject to the provisions of this Act with Discharge of

respect to appeals in matters of practice and procedure, priiers made

every dlder made by a judge of the High Court in «liamhers.

chambers, except orders as to costs only which by law are

left to the discretion of the court, may be set aside or

discharged upon notice by any divisional court, or by

the judge sitting in court, according to the practice of the Division to which the cause or matter in which the

order was made is assigned.

63. —(1) Divisional courts may be held for the Divisional

transaction of any business in the High Court which may courts of

be ordered by rules of court to be heard by a divisional Court,

court, and in all cases where there is a right of appeal

to the High Court from any court or person the appeal

shall be heard and determined by a divisional court.

(2) Divisional courts shall, for the purpose of the

causes and matters which are to be heard by such

courts, exercise all or any part of the jurisdiction of the

High Court.

(3) Any number of divisional courts may sit at the

same time.

(4) Every judge of the High Court shall be qualified

to sit in any divisional court.

(5) The judge who is according to the order of

precedence under this Act the senior of the judges

constituting a divisional court shall be the president of the court.

(G) A divisional court shall be constituted of two

judges and no more:

Provided that—

(a) The decisions of a divisional court shall not

be invalidated by reason of the court being

constituted of a greater number than two

judges; and

(b) If the president of the Division to which the

divisional court belongs, with the concurrence

of the other judges of the Division or a

majority thereof, or in the case of the King’s

Bench Division with the concurrence of not

1230

Duty of

judges as to

divisional

courts.

Distribution of

business in

Chancery

Division.

Power of

judge of

High Court

to act for

another

judge or as

an additional

judge.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

less than two other judges of the Division, is

of opinion that the divisional court should he

constituted of a greater number of judges

than two, the court may«he constituted of

such number of judges as the president, with

such concurrence as aforesaid, thinks expedient; and

(c) A divisional court for hearing such an appeal

as aforesaid shall he constituted in accordance

with rules of court.

64. —(1) Subject to rules of court, it shall he

the duty of every judge of the High Court who is not

for the time being occupied in the transaction of any

business specially assigned to him or in the business

of any other divisional court, to take part, if required,

in the sittings of such divisional courts as may from

time to time be necessary for the transaction of the

business assigned to the King’s Bench Division.

(2) All such arrangements as may he necessary or

proper for that purpose or for constituting or holding

divisional courts for any other purpose authorised by this Act, and also for the proper transaction of that part of the business of the King’s Bench Division which is not

to he transacted by a divisional court, shall be made

from time to time under the direction and superintendence of the judges of the High Court, and in case of

difference among them, in such manner as the majority

of the judges, with the concurrence of the Lord Chief

Justice, shall determine.

65. Every cause or matter which is commenced in

the Chancery Division shall he assigned in accordance

with rules of court to one of the judges of that Division.

66. —(1) Any judge of any Division who may consent

so to do may, on the request of the Lord Chancellor, sit

and act for or on behalf of any other judge of the High

Court absent from illness or any other cause, or in the

place of any judge whose office has become vacant, or as

an additional judge of any Division, for the purpose of

hearing any causes or matters which may be assigned

to him by the Lord Chancellor, or any applications

therein:

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1231

Provided that no judge shall sit and act as an

additional judge of any Division, except with the concurrence of the president of the Division to which he

belongs and of the president of the Division in which he

is requested so to sit and act, and the assignment to him

of any causes or matters depending in the Division in

which he so sits and acts shall not be made except with

the concurrence of the president of that last-mentioned

Division,

(2) Any proceeding in any cause or matter assigned

to any judge of the High Court may, on the request and

on behalf of that judge, at any time and without any

transfer, be heard and disposed of by any other judge of the same Division, who may he willing to hear and dispose

of the same:

Provided that if any party to the proceeding objects

to the proceeding being so heard and disposed of it shall

not he so heard and disposed of without the concurrence

of the Lord Chancellor, to he signified by an order in

writing under his hand.

(3) In any case of urgency arising during the

absence from illness or any other cause of any judge

of the High Court to whom any cause or matter has been

assigned, or during any vacancy in the oflice of any such

judge, any other judge of the High Court, who consents

so to do, may hear and dispose of any application for an

injunction or other interlocutory order for or on behalf

of the absent judge, or in the place of the judge whose

oflice is vacant.

(4) A judge shall, while sitting and acting under

this section for another judge or as an additional judge

of another Division, have all such power and authority

as that other judge would have had or as ordinarily

belongs to a judge of that other Division, as the case

may h^e.

67. —(1) The judges to he placed on the rota for the

trial of election petitions in England in each year, under

the provisions of the Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868,

or any Act amending that Act, shall he selected out of the judges of the King’s Bench Division in such manner

as may he provided by rules of court, and, subject thereto,

shall be selected as follows, that is to say, the judges

Selection of

judges for

trial of

election

petitions,

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 125.

1232

Ch. 49.

Sittings of

Court of

Appeal.

Supreme Court of 16 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

of the King’s Bench Division shall, on or before the

fourth day of November in every year select by a

majority of votes three of the puisne judges of that

Division (none of whom shall he a mernher of the House

of Lords) to he placed on the rota for the trial of election

petitions during the ensuing year.

(2) If in any case the judges present at the time

of their meeting to make such selection are equally

divided in their choice of any judge to be placed on the

rota, the Lord Chief Justice, or in case of his absence the

senior judge then present, shall have a second or casting

vote.

(3) The choice of a judge to fill any occasional

vacancy on the rota or to assist the judge on the rota

as an additional judge, shall he made in like manner.

(4) If at the end of the year for which a judge has

been appointed under this section, any trial or other

matter is pending before him, either alone or together

with any other judge, or if aher the conclusion of any

trial or hearing judgment has not been given thereon, it

shall be lawful for the judge to proceed with and to

conclude that pending trial or other matter and to give

judgment thereon after the end of that year, in the same

manner in all respects as if the year for which he was

appointed had not expired.

68.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act every

appeal to the Court of Appeal which is an appeal against

a final order or judgment, or is by way of motion for

a new trial or to set aside a verdict, finding or judgment

in any cause or matter in the High Court in which

there has been a trial thereof or of any issue therein

with a jury, shall he heard before not less than three

judges of the Court of Appeal, and every such appeal

shall, when it is an appeal against an interlocutory order

or judgment, he heard before not less than two judges

of that court.

(2) Any doubt which may arise as to what orders or

judgments are final, and what are interlocutory, shall be

determined by the Court of Appeal.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section the

Court of Appeal may sit in three divisions at the same

time.

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1233

(4) No judge of the Court of Appeal shall sit as a

judge "on the hearing of an appeal from a judgment or

order made in any case by himself or by any divisional

court of the High Court of which he was a member.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing

provisions of this section, if all parties to an appeal or

motion before the hearing file a consent to the appeal or

motion being heard and determined before two judges

of the Court of Appeal, the appeal or motion may be

heard and determined accordingly, subject nevertheless

to the same right, if any, of appeal to the House

of Lords as if the hearing and determination had been

before three judges:

Provided that—

(a) In all causes or matters to which any infant or

person of unsound mind, whether so found by

inquisition or not, or person under any other

disability, is a party, no such consent shall be

given by the next friend, guardian, committee

or other person acting on behalf of the person

under disability, so as to have the same force

and effect as if that party were under no

disability and had given such consent, unless

with the previous consent of a court or a

judge, nor so as to make such consent valid as

between any committee of a lunatic and the

lunatic, unless with the previous sanction of the Lord Chancellor or Lords Justices sitting

in lunacy; and

(b) If two judges having heard an appeal or motion

differ in opinion, the case shall, on the application of any party to the appeal, he re-argued

and determined by three judges before appeal

to the House of Lords.

69.—(1) In any cause or matter pending before the

Court of Appeal, any direction incidental thereto not

involving the decision of the appeal may he given by a

single judge of that court, and a single judge of that

court may at any time during vacation make any interim

order to prevent prejudice to the claims of any parties

pending an appeal, as he may think fit.

(2) Every order made by a single judge of the Court

of Appeal in pursuance of this section may be discharged

41

Power of a

single judge

in Court of

Appeal.

1234

Commis-

aions of

assize and

jurisdiction

of commissioners.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

or varied by any judges of that court having power to

hear and determine the appeal.

I

Circuits and Assizcft.

70.-(l) His Majesty may, by commission of assize

or any other commission, either general or special,

assign to such judges of the High Court or other persons

as are named therein, the duty of trying and determining

within any place or district specially fixed for that purpose

by the commission, any causes or matters, or any questions

or issues of fact or of law or partly of fact and partly

of law in any cause or matter, depending in the High

Court, or the exercise of any civil or criminal jurisdiction

capable of being exercised by the High Court, and any

commission so granted by His Majesty shall have eflect

as if enacted in this Act.

(2) Commissioners of assize shall be appointed by His

Majesty by Letters Patent.

(3) The judges of the High Court to be named in

commissions of assize shall be judges of the King’s Bench

Division, but every judge of the Probate Division shall, so

far as the state of business in that Division will admit,

share with the other judges the duty of holding sittings

under commissions of assize, and His Majesty may include

in any such commission the Master of the Rolls, any Lord

Justice of Appeal, any judge of the Chancery Division,

any judge of county courts, any of His Majesty’s counsel

learned in the law, and, if he consents to act, any person

who has held the office of a judge of the Court of Appeal

or of a judge of the High Court, and any person included

in a commission of assize shall for the purposes of the

commission have all the power, authority and jurisdiction

of a judge of the High Court.

(4) A commissioner appointed in pursuance of this section shall when engaged in the exercise of any

jurisdiction assigned to him in pursuance of this Act be

deemed to constitute a court of the High Court.

(5) A commissioner acting under a commission of

assize or any other commission issued under this section,

shall, subject to rules of court, have power to try and

determine matrimonial causes of any prescribed class and

any matters arising out of or connected with any such

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Cfl. 49.

1235

causes, and shall for that purpose have all such powers

and duties as are vested in the Probate Division under

the enactments (including this Act) relating to matrimonial causes and matters.

For the purpose of the foregoing provision, the

expression " prescribed" means prescribed by the Lord

Chancellor by order made with the concurrence of the

Lord Chief Justice and the President of the Probate

Division.

(6) The counties palatine of Lancaster and Durham

respectively shall not, so far as respects any commission

issued under this section, be counties palatine, and a

commission under this section may he issued for the trial

of all causes and matters within those counties respectively

in the same manner in all respects as in any other

county.

71. All commissioners of assize shall have power

and authority on their respective circuits to try revenue

causes and proceedings and to proceed thereon in like

manner as they may do in respect of other civil causes,

and it shall not he necessary to issue any special commission to enable revenue causes to be tried.

72. —(1) His Majesty may from time to time, by

Order in Council, provide in such manner and subject to

such regulations as to His Majesty may seem meet, for

all or any of the following matters:

(a) For the discontinuance, either temporarily or

permanently and either wholly or partially, of

any former circuit, and the formation of any

new circuit by the union of any counties or parts

of counties, or partly in one way and partly in

the other, or by the constitution of any county

or part of a county to be a circuit by itself:

(5) For the appointment of the place or places at

which assizes are to be held on any circuit, and

for directing that assizes or any special commissions shall be held at more than one place in

the same county on the same circuit, and for the

holding of assizes for the despatch of criminal

business for a whole county at one place, and for

the despatch of civil business at one or more place

or places in the same coimty on the same circuit:

412

Power to try

revenue

causes on

circuit without commission.

Regulation

of circuits.

1236

Ch. 49.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

(c) Where any Order is made under this section

directing that assizes or any special commission

shall be held at more than one place in any one

county, for dividing the county for the purposes

of the Order:

(d) Por altering by such authority and in such

manner as may be specified in the Order the day

appointed for holding the assizes at any place on

a circuit in any case, where by reason of the

pressme of business or other unforeseen cause

it is expedient to alter the day so appointed:

(e) Where it appears to His Majesty that by reason

of the small number of prisoners or otherwise it

is usually inexpedient to hold separate winter or

spring assizes in a county, for uniting the county

for the purpose of winter or spring assizes to any

neighbouring county or counties, for appointing

the place or places at which winter or spring

assizes are to be held for the united counties,

and for directing that winter or spring assizes

to be held for the united counties shall be held

at different places in different years:

(f) For the jurisdiction of the court and the

attendance, jurisdiction, authority and duty of

sheriffs, gaolers, officers, jurors and persons, the

use of any prison, the removal of prisoners, the

alteration of any commission, writ, precept, indictment, recognizance, proceeding or document,

the transmission of recognizances, inquisitions

and documents, and the costs of the prosecution

and defence, and of maintaining and removing

prisoners, so far as may seem to His Majesty

necessary for carrying into effect any Order made

under this section:

(g) For the regulation, so far as may be necessary

for carrying into effect any Order made under this

section, of the venue in all cases, civil and

criminal, triable on any circuit or elsewhere:

(h) For any matters which appear to His Majesty to

be necessary or proper for carrying into effect

any Order made under this section.

(2) Where by Order in Council counties are united

for the purpose of winter or spring assizes, the counties

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 19.

1237

united shall, subject to the provisions of the Order, he

deemed to he one county, and the winter and spring assizes

held in and for the united county shall be deemed also to

he held in and for each of the constituent counties.

(3) His Majesty may from time to time by Order

in Council revoke, amend or vary any Order made in

pursuance of this section.

(1) Every Order in Council made under this section

shall he laid before Parliament and notice of the Order

having been made and of the place where copies thereof

may be purchased shall be published in the London

Gazette.

(6) Every Order in Council purporting to be made

in pursuance of this section shall, while in force, have

effect as if enacted in this Act.

73. —(1) His Majesty may, by Order in Council,

direct that, subject to any exceptions contained in the

Order, the jurisdiction of the justices and judges of the

Central Criminal* Court at any session of oyer and terminer

and gaol delivery held for the district within the jurisdiction of the Central Criminal Court in September,

October, November, December, January, March, April or

May, shall extend to any adjoining county or part of a

county mentioned in the Order as if that county or part

were included within the limits of the said district, and

may apply, with such modifications and exceptions, if

any, as to His Majesty seem fit, the Central Criminal

Court Acts, 1834 and 1881, to the said county or part of a

county and offences committed therein, as if that county

or part were a county or part of a county mentioned in

those Acts.

(2) Every Order in Council made under this section

shall be laid before Parliament, and notice of the Order

having been made and of the place where copies thereof

n)ay be purchased shall be published in the London

Gazette.

(3) Every Order in Council purporting to be made in

pursuance of this section shall, while in force, have effect

as if enacted in this Act.

74. The power of making general orders for fixing

the times of holding sessions of the Central Criminal

Court under section fifteen of the Central Criminal Court

Provision

for counties

adjoining

Central

Criminal

Court district.

Sessions o£

Central

Criminal

Court.

1238

4 & 5 Will. 4.

c. 36.

Place for

holding

courts of

assize.

Date of proceedings

where commission day

postponed.

Power to

dispense

with holding

of assizes in

places where

unnecessary.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Act, 1834, may be exercised by any four or mor^ of the

judges of the High Court.

t

75. -(l) A court of assize may be held in any

building, whether in or belonging to the county, city,

town, borough or other area of jurisdiction, for which the

court is held.

(2) A commissioner of assize may, by proclamation in

open court, adjourn the court from the building in which

he is then holding the assizes to such other building as he

may deem convenient, whether within the same area of

jurisdiction or not, and all persons required to attend at the

assizes shall attend wherever the court is so held, and shall

do all things which they might have been required to do if

the court had not been adjourned, and shall be subject to the like penalties in default thereof, and all evidence

given and all things done at any such court shall be

deemed, and in all indictments, pleadings, rules and

entries shall be alleged, to have been given and done

respectively within the area of jurisdiction within which

the court would have been held if there had been no

adjournment.

(3) Nothing in this section shall authorise the holding

of a court of assize in any place more than three miles

distant from the area of jurisdiction for which the court

is held.

76. Where a commission of assize is not opened at

any place on the day appointed, all records and other

proceedings relating to the commission of assize shall be

drawn out, entered and made up under the same date and

in the same form in all respects as if the commission of

assize had been opened on the day originally appointed

for that purpose.

77. —(1) If at any time it appears to the Lord

Chief Justice that there is no business, or no substantial

amount of business, to be transacted at the assizes

then about to be held at any place on a circuit and that

having regard to all the circumstances of the case it is

desirable that an order should be made under this section,

he may, with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor,

by order direct that assizes shall not on the occasion of

that circuit be held at that place, and where any such

order is made then, notwithstanding any enactment or

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1239

custom to the contrary, assizes shall not on that occasion

be held at the place specified in the order.

(2) There may be included in an order made under

this section provii^on for any matters (including any

of the matters mentioned in paragraph (/) of subsection (1)

of section seventy-two of this Act) for which it appears

to the Lord Chief Justice to be necessary or proper to

make provision with a view to giving full effect to the order.

(3) Any order made under this section may at

any time be revoked, varied or amended by a subsequent

order so made.

78.—(1) If, not more than five days before the day

appointed by Order in Council for the holding of assizes

in any place (in this section referred to as " the commission day"), it appears to the clerk of assize that

the attendance of any jurors summoned to attend at

the assizes will not be required by reason of there

being no business to be transacted for which those

jurors are required, he may, in manner provided by this

section, cause notice to be sent by post to those jurors by

or on behalf of the person who has summoned them

dispensing with their attendance in pursuance of the

summons, and any person so summoned as juror to whom

such a notice is sent shall not be liable to any fine or

penalty for failing to attend in pursuance of the summons.

(2) Tor the purpose of causing notice to be sent

under this section, the clerk of assize may direct the

sheriff, under-sheriff or other officer who has summoned

the jurors to send the required notice, and that officer

shall send the notice as so directed.

(3) Where the clerk of assize causes notices to be

sent to jurors dispensing with their attendance, he shall

at the same time send information thereof to all clerks to

justices in the area for which the assizes are to be held,

and those justices shall, after the receipt of that information, in committing any person for trial, act as if the

assizes were not to be held:

Provided that the justices may, if they think fit, for

the purpose of enabling any person who would have been

committed for trial at any such assizes to have an early

trial in case he is not admitted to bail, commit him for

Dispensing

with attendance of

jurors at

assizes

where there

is no business.

1240 Ch. 49 Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

trial at any other assizes or quarter sessions about to be

held at any place or town convenient for the trial, and

His Majesty may by Order in Council make siteli provisions as to the jurisdiction of the court, and the

attendance, jurisdiction, authority and duty of sherifPs,

gaolers, officers, jurors and persons, the use of any

prison, the removal of prisoners, the alteration of any

commissions, writs, precepts, indictments, recognizances,

proceedings and documents, the transmission of recognizances, inquisitions and documents, and the costs of the

prosecution and defence and the expenses of maintaining

and removing prisoners, as seem necessary or expedient

to carry into effect this provision, hut—

(a) the costs and expenses of any prosecutors and

witnesses shall be paid by the council of the

county or borough who would have been liable

to pay those costs and expenses if the person

had been committed for trial in the ordinary

course; and

(b) the council of the county or borough who would

have paid the costs of the trial of the person,

if he had been committed in the ordinary

course, shall pay to the council of the county

or borough by whom the costs of the assizes

or quarter sessions to which he is committed

under this provision are paid, such sum on

account of his trial as may be agreed upon

' between the councils, or, in default of agreement,

determined by the Secretary of State.

If the justices have already committed any person for

trial at the assizes in respect of which notices have been

sent under this section, they shall have power to alter the

committal, and to make any alteration or extension of

any recognizances which may appear necessary under

the circumstances.

(4) Any w^arrant for arresting or detaining any

person, and any recognizance to appear and give evidence,

or to appear for trial, issued or taken in the case of a

person charged with murder or manslaughter on a

coroner’s inquisition, shall, if the trial of the person

charged cannot take place in the ordinary course owing

to assizes to which the warrant or recognizances relate

not being held by virtue of the provisions of this section.

I

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

continue in operation until the next assizes, or, if the

person charged is committed to any other assizes by

justice! ^, such other assizes.

(5) Any person having by law a Hght to present a

hill of indictment to a grand jury in a case where no

person has been committed for trial, and proposing to do

so at any assizes shall give notice of his intention to do so

to the clerk of assize more than five days before the

commission day.

(6) Where notices have been given in pursuance of this section dispensing with the attendance of all jurors

at any assizes it shall not be necessary to hold the assizes

in respect of which the notices have been given unless

there is any business not requiring the attendance of

jurors to he transacted by the court.

79.—(1) Whenever any vacancy occurs in the office

of clerk of assize the Treasury may, having regard to the

nature of the duties and responsibility of the office, revise

the salary attached to the office.

(2) A person shall not be appointed a clerk of

assize unless he has, during a period of not less than three

years, been either—

(a) a harrister-at-law in actual practice; or

(5) a solicitor of the Supreme Court in actual

practice; or

(c) a subordinate officer of a clerk of assize on

circuit;

and any appointment made in contravention of this

subsection shall be void.

(3) Where any enactment authorises a clerk of

assize to take any fee for any duty performed by him,

he shall take the fee by stamps or otherwise and

account for it and pay it over in such manner as the

Treasury may direct, and a clerk of assize shall not take

any fee for his own use.

(4) A clerk of assize shall not be entitled to any

compensation in respect of the emoluments of his office

in case any alteration is made in the duties thereof or

his office is abolished by the authority of Parliament.

1241

Clerks of

assize.

1242

Circuit

officers.

Commissions not

(leteruiined

l)y demise

of Crown.

Proceedings

not discontinued by

issue of new

commission.

Assizes to

be held at

least twice

in every

year.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature {^Consolidation) Act, 1925.

(5) A person who is emploj^ed by a clerk of assize

and is paid any salary or allowance out of moneys

provided by Parliament shall not be removed frbm his

office or employment without the sanction of the Treasury.

(6) If any clerk of assize practises as a barrister at

any assize within the circuit of which he is clerk of assize

he shall be liable to forfeit ten pounds for each offence,

one half to he paid to His Majesty and the other half to the party aggrieved.

80. The pow'er of appointment to such offices

connected with the circuits of the judges under commissions of assize, or otherwise, as formerly were in the

appointment of the senior judge going on any circuit, and

also the power of appointment to all subordinate offices,

the salaries of which are paid out of moneys provided by

Parliament and which are held under any circuit officer,

shall be vested in the senior judge going on that circuit

for the winter and summer assizes respectively:

Provided that the provisions contained in this Act

with respect to the abolition, reduction of salary or

alteration of the designation or duties of offices in the

Supreme Court, and as to giving notice of any vacancy

in any such office, shall apply to all offices, wdiether

principal or subordinate, mentioned in this section.

81. A commission of assize shall not be determined

by the demise of the Crown, and shall, unless superseded

or otherwise determined, continue in force for six months

after such demise.

82. No proceeding, either civil or criminal, in any

court of assize shall be discontinued by reason of the issue

of any new commission of assize or of the altering of the

names of or of the promotion to any dignity of any of the

commissioners of assize, and the new commissioners may

proceed in every behalf as if the old commission and

commissioners had continued without alteration, and in

particular wffiere judgment against a person found guilty

at the former assize has been respited, may pronounce

judgment against that person.

83. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this

Part of this Act, nothing in this Act shall alfect the

custom of holding separate assizes in and for each county

twice a year.

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1243

Part IV.

General Provisions as to Trial and Procedure.

j District Degistriest

84.—(1) His Majesty may by Order in Council

from time to time direct that there shall be in such places

as are specified in the Order district registries for districts

to be defined in the Order, from which writs of summons

for the commencement of actions in the High Court may

be issued, and in which the proceedings herein-after

mentioned may be taken and recorded.

(2) Any person being the registrar of a county

court or being a solicitor of not less than seven years ’

standing shall be qualified for appointment as district

registrar of the High Court.

(3) The Lord Chancellor may, if he thinks fit,

appoint two persons to execute jointly the office of

district registrar in any district registry, and may in

any case where joint district registrars are appointed

give directions with respect to the division between them

of the duties of the office and may, as he thinks fit,

on the death, resignation or removal of a joint district

registrar, either appoint another person to be joint district

registrar in the place of the person so dying, resigning

’ or removed, or give directions that the continuing

registrar shall act as sole registrar.

(4) On a vacancy occurring in the office of a

district registrar, any person being a person qualified

for appointment as district registrar may be appointed

to act as provisional district registrar for such period

not exceeding six months from the date on which the

vacancy occurs as the Lord Chancellor may direct.

(5) The power to make appointments to the office of

district registrar and provisional district registrar shall be

vested in the Lord Chancellor.

(6) All acts authorised or required to be done by,

to or before a district registrar may be done by, to or

before a provisional district registrar appointed under this

section, and a provisional district registrar shall receive

in respect of the period during which he so acts remuneration on a scale not higher than the scale applicable in the

case of the registrar of the district for which he is

appointed to act.

Establishment of

district

registries

and appointment of

registrars.

1244

Seals of

district

registries.

Powers of

district

registrars.

Power of

court to

remove proceedings

from district

registries.

Reference

for report.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

(7) Every district registrar and provisional district

registrar shall be an officer of the Supreme Court, and no

person who is, or is acting as, the district registrar or

the provisional district registrar of any district shall,

either by himseK or his partner, be directly or indirectly

engaged as a solicitor or agent for a party to any

proceeding whatsoever in the registry of that district.

85 . —(1) In every district registry there shall he

used such seal as the Lord Chancellor from time to time

directs.

(2) The seal of the district registry shall he impressed on every writ and other document issued out of

or filed in that registry, and all writs and documents,

and all exemplifications and copies thereof, purporting

to he sealed with the seal of a district registry, shall be

received in evidence in all parts of the United Kingdom

without further proof.

86. District registrars shall have poAver to administer oaths and perform such other duties with respect

to any proceedings in the High Court or in the Court of

Appeal as may be prescribed by rules of court or by any

special order of the court.

87 . Any party to an action commenced by the

issue of a writ out of a district registry may at *

any time apply, in the prescribed manner, to the High

Court or to a judge in chambers of the Division to

which the action is assigned, to remove the proceedings

from the district registry into the proper office of the

High Court, and the court or judge may, if it seems

fit, make an order granting the application, and the proceedings and such original documents, if any, as have

been filed therein shall upon receipt of the order be

transmitted by the district registrar to the proper office

of the High Court, and the action shall thenceforth

proceed in the same manner as if it had been originally

commenced by a writ of summons issued out of the proper

office in London.

Inquiries and Trials by Referees.

88. — (1) Subject to rules of court and to any right

to have particular cases tried with a jury, the Court or a

judge may refer to an official or special referee fer inquiry

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1245

or report any question arising in any cause or matter,

other than a criminal proceeding by the Crown.

ijl) The report of an official or special referee may

he adopted wholly or partially by the Court or a judge,

and if so adopted may he enforced as a judgment or

order to the same effect.

89 . In any cause or matter, other than a criminal

proceeding by the Crown, —

(a) If all the parties interested who are^not under

disability consent; or

(1) If the cause or matter requires any prolonged

examination of documents or any scientific or

local investigation which cannot in the opinion

of the Court or a judge conveniently he made

before a jury or conducted by the Court through

its other ordinary officers; or

(c) If the question in dispute consists wholly or in

part of matters of account;

the Court or a judge may at any time order the whole

cause or matter, or any question or issue of fact arising

therein, to be tried before a special referee or arbitrator

respectively agreed on by the parties, or before an official

referee or officer of the Court.

90 . —(1) In all cases of reference to an official or

special referee or arbitrator, the official or special referee

or arbitrator shall be deemed to be an officer of the

Court, and subject to rules of court shall have such

authority, and conduct the reference in such manner, as

the Court or a judge may direct.

(2) The report or award of an official or special

referee or arbitrator on any reference shall, unless set

aside by the Court or a judge, be equivalent to the

verdict of a jury.

(3) The remuneration to be paid to a special referee

or arbitrator to whom any matter is referred under an

order of the Court or a judge shall be determined by the

Court or a judge.

91. The Court or a judge shall, in relation to references, have all such powers as are conferred by the

Arbitration Act, 1889, on the Court or a judge in relation

to references by consent out of court.

Reference

for trial.

Powers and

remuneration of

referees and

arbitrators.

Court to have

powers as

ill references

by consent.

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 49.

1246

Ch. 49.

Powers of

Court of

Appeal.

Power to

order habeas

corpus to

ssue.

Statement of

case pending:

arbitration.

Power of Court

to impose

terms as to

costs, &c.

Savinjr for

Crown. *

Explanation

of terms

" the Court"

and " reference."

Trial with

assessors.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

92 . The Court of Appeal shall have all such powers

as are conferred by the provisions of this Part of this Act

on the Court or a judge in relation to references.

93 . The Court or a judge may order that a writ of

habeas corpus ad testificandum shall issue to bring up a

prisoner for examination before an official or special

referee or arbitrator.

94 . A referee or arbitrator may at any stage of the proceedings under a reference, and shall, if so directed

by the Court or a judge, state in the form of a special

case for the opinion of the Court any question of law

arising in the course of the reference.

95 . An order made under the provisions of this

Part of this Act relating to inquiries and trials by

referees may be made on such terms as to costs or

otherwise as the Court or a judge thinks fit.

96 . Nothing in the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to inquiries and trials by referees shall

empower the Court or a judge to order any proceedings to

which His Majesty or the Huke of Cornwall is a party,

or any question or issue in any such proceedings, to be

tried before any referee, arbitrator or officer without the

consent of His Majesty or the Duke of Cornwall, as the

case may he, or shall affect the law as to costs payable by

the Crown.

97 . In the provisions of this Part of this Act relating

to inquiries and trials by referees, unless the context

otherwise requires—

The expression "the Court" means the High Court;

The expression "reference" means a reference under

an order made by the Court or a judge under the

said provisions.

Assessors.

98 . —(1) In any cause or matter before the High

Court or the Court of Appeal, other than a criminal

proceeding by the Crown, the court may, if it thinks

it expedient so to do, call in the aid of one or more

assessors specially qualified, and try and hear the cause

or matter wholly or partially with their assistance.

ft

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. i9. 1247

Judicature { Comolidation) Act, 1925.

(2) The remuneration, if any, to be paid to an

assessor shall be determined by the court.

* Mules of Court.

99.—(1) Rules of court may be made under this Act Rules of

for the following purposes :— court-

(a) For regulating and prescribing the procedure

(including the method of pleading) and the

practice to be followed in the Court of Appeal

and the High Court respectively in all causes

and matters whatsoever in or with respect to

which those courts respectively have for the

time being jurisdiction (including the procedme

and practice to be followed in the offices of the

Supreme Court and in district registries), and

any matters incidental to or relating to any

such procedure or practice, including (but

without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision) the manner in which, and the

time within which, any applications which under

this or any other Act are to be made to the

Court of Appeal or to the High Court shall be

made:

(&) For regulating and prescribing the procedure on •

appeals from any court or person to the Court

of Appeal or the High Court, and the procedure

in connection with the transfer of proceedings

from any inferior court to the High Court or

from the High Court to an inferior court:

(c) For regulating the sittings of the Court of Appeal

and the High Court, of the divisional courts

of the High Court, and of the judges of the

High Court whether sitting in court or in

chambers:

(d) For prescribing what part of the business which

may be transacted and of the jurisdiction which

may be exercised by judges of the High Court

in chambers may be transacted or exercised by

masters of the Supreme Court, registrars of the

Probate Division, or other officers of the Supreme

Court:

1248 Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

(e) For regulating any matters relating to the costs

of proceedings in the Court of Appeal or the

High Court:

(f) For regulating and prescribing the procedure

and practice to be followed in the Court of

Appeal or the High Court in cases in which

the procedure or practice is regulated by enactments in force immediately before the commencement of this Act or by any provisions

of this Act re-enacting any such enactments

(including so much of any of the Acts set out in

the First Schedule to this Act as is specified

in the third column of that Schedule):

(g) For repealing any enactments which relate to

matters with respect to which rules are made

under this section:

(h) For prescribing in what cases trials in the High

Court are to be with a jury and in what cases

they are to be without a jury:

(i) For regulating the means by which particular

facts may be proved, and the mode in which

evidence thereof may be given, in any proceedings or on any application in connection

with or at any stage of any proceedings:

(j) For regulating lor making provision with respect

to any other matters which were regulated or

■with respect to which provision was made by

the rules of the Supreme Court in force on the

thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred

and twenty-five, or by any rules or regulations

so in force with respect to practice and pro-

cediu'e in matrimonial causes and matters or

with respect to applications and proceedings

relating to legitimacy declarations.

(2) No rule of the Supreme Court which may

involve an increase of expenditure out of public funds

shall be made except -with the concurrence of the

Treasm-y, but the validity of a rule of the Supreme

Court shall not in any proceedings in any court be

called in question either by the court or by any party

to the proceedings on the ground only that it was a rule

to which the concurrence of the Treasimy was necessary

and that the Treasimy did not concur or are not expressed

to have concurred in the making thereof.

1925. Supreme Court of . Ch. 49. 1249

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

(3) Rules of court made under this section shall

apply to all proceedings by or against the Crown.

(4) Rules of court may be made by the Lord

Chancellor together with any four or more of the

following persons, namely, the Lord Chief Justice, the

Master of the Rolls, the President of the Probate Division,

and four other judges of the Supreme Court, two practising

barristers being members of the General Council of the

Bar, and two practising solicitors of whom one shall be a

member of the Council of the Law Society and the other a

member of the Law Society and also of a provincial Law

Society.

The four other judges and the barristers and solicitors

to act as aforesaid shall be appointed by the Lord

Chancellor in writing under his hand and shall hold of&ce

for the time specified in the appointment.

(5) Rules of court made under this section shall be

laid before Parliament, but section one of the Rules 56 & 57 Vict.

Publication Act, 1893 (which requires notice to be given 66.

of a proposal to make statutory rules), shall not apply to

rules so made.

(6) Nothing in this section shall affect the power

conferred by section two hundred and thirty-seven of the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, or by section 8 Edw. 7.

one hundred and thirty-two of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, o. 69.

of making general rules for carrying into effect the 4&5 Geo.5.

objects of those Acts respectively, or the power conferred

on the President of the Probate Division by the next

following section of this Act of making probate rules and

orders, and the power to make rules of court under

this section shall not extend to the matters with respect

to which rules or orders may be made by virtue of the enactments mentioned in this subsection.

100 . —(1) The President of the Probate Division Rules of

may, with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor and court with

the Lord Chief Justice or any judge of the High Court respect to

named by the Lord Chief Justice on his behalf, make non-conten°

rules and orders (in this Act referred to as " probate rules tious probate

and orders ") for regulating the procedure and practice business,

of the High Court with respect to non-contentious or

common form probate business.

(2) Every rule or order made under this section shall

be laid before Parliament.

4K

1250

Act not to

affect rules

of evidence

or juries.

Questions of

foreign law

to be decided

by judge.

Saving for

former procedure.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ecidence, Juries, Foreign Law, and Saving.

101. Nothing in this Act and, subject as he, reinafter

in this section expressly provided, nothing in rules of

court made under this Act, shall jiffect the mode of

giving evidence by the oral examination of witnesses in

trials with a jury, or the rules of evidence, or the law

relating to jurymen or juries:

Provided that nothing in this section shall—

(a) prejudice the operation of any rules of court

made in pursuance of the express power

conferred by this Act to make rules of court

for regulating the means by which particular

facts may he proved and the mode in which

evidence thereof may he given; or

(5) affect the power of the court for special reasons

to allow depositions or affidavits to he read.

102. Where for the purpose of disposing of any

action or other matter which is being tried in the High

Court by a judge with a jury it is necessary to ascertain

the law of any other country which is applicable to the

facts of the case, any question as to the effect of the

evidence given with respect to that law shall, instead of

being submitted to the jury, be decided by the judge

alone.

103. —(1) Save as is otherwise provided by this Act

or by rules of court, all forms and methods of procedure

which, imder or by virtue of any law, custom, general

order or rules whatsoever, were formerly in force in any

of the courts the jurisdiction of which is vested in the

High Court or the Court of Appeal respectively, and

which are not inconsistent with this Act or with rules of

court, may continue to be used in the High Court and

the Court of Appeal respectively in the like cases and

for the like purposes as those in and for which they

wordd have been applicable in the former respective

courts.

(2) Subject to rules of court, the practice and procedure in all criminal causes and matters whatsoever in

the High Court shall be the same as the practice and

procedure in force at the commencement of this Act in

relation to similar causes and matters.

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1251

, Part V.

OrpiCERS AND Offices.

Central Office.

104. —(1) There shall he a central olSce of the Central

Supreme Court comprising such offices as were immediately office of

before the commencement of this Act comprised in, and -^upreme

such officers and persons (including the officers and persons

employed in the Court of Criminal Appeal) as then were

officers of, the central office of the Supreme Court

constituted under the Act of 1873, together with such

other offices of the Supreme Court and such other

officers and persons employed in the Supreme Court,

or any offices thereof, as may from time to time he

amalgamated with or transferred to the central office by

rules of court.

(2) The central office shall he under the control and

superintendence of the masters of the Supreme Court

(King’s Bench Division).

105. -(1) The business to he performed in the cen- Business of

tral office shall, subject to any order of the Lord Chan- central office,

cellor, comprise all such business as was immediately

before the commencement of this Act performed in the

central office then existing, together with such other

business as is performed in any offices which are at any

time after the commencement of this Act amalgamated

with or transferred to the central office, and shall be

distributed among the several officers of the central office

in the prescribed manner.

(2) The several officers of the central office shall he

interchangeable one with another, and shall he capable of

performing and liable to perform the duties of each other

in any department of the office, and generally shall

perform such duties and have such powers in relation to the business of the Supreme Court as the Lord Chancellor

may by order direct.

(3) Any order made under this section may at any

time he revoked, varied or amended by a subsequent

order so made.

4K 2

1252

Appointment and

removal of

officers.

Principal

probate

registry.

District

probate

registries.

49 . Supreme Ceurt of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

106. —(1) The right of filling any vacancy in the

office of master of the Supreme Court (King’s Bench

Division) or in any clerkship in the central office,

shall (subject as provided in the next following subsection) be vested in the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief

Justice and the Master of the llolls, in rotation, or in

such order or manner as they by agreement among themselves may determine.

(2) The right of filling any vacancy in the office of

King’s coroner and attorney and master in the Crown

Office shall he vested in the Lord Chief Justice, and

the person appointed to that office shall by vu’tue of

his appointment be a master of the Supreme Court

(King’s Bench Division).

(3) Subject as aforesaid, the right of filling any

vacancy in, and of making any new appointment in or

for the purposes of, the central office shall be vested in the

Lord Chancellor subject to the concurrence of the Treasury.

Principal Prohate Pegistry and District Probate

Registries.

107. The principal registry of the High Court

for the purpose of the exercise of the probate jurisdiction (in this Act referred to as " the principal

probate registry ") shall be at such place in the County

of London as His Majesty may by Order in Council from

time to time appoint.

108. —(1) For the purposes of this Act there shall

be district probate registries which shall be attached to

and under the control of the High Court.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, district probate

registries shall be established at the places mentioned

in, and otherwise in accordance with, the Scheme set

out in the Second Schedule to this Act:

Provided that a district probate registry to be

established at a place at which no such registry was

established by the Court of Probate Act, 1857, shall be

established at such date as the President of the Probate

Division may, with the concurrence of the Lord

Chancellor, determine, and no district probate registry

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

which was established by the said Act and is in existence

at the commencement of this Act shall be discontinued

unto, such date as may be so determined.

(3) The President of the Probate Division may from

time to time, with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor

and the Treasury, by order modify or vary the said

Second Schedule:

Provided that before any order is made under this

subsection a draft thereof shall be laid before both

Houses of Parliament, and the order shall not be made

unless both Houses by resolution approve the draft

either without modification or addition or with modifications or additions to which both Houses agree, and

on the draft being so approved the order may be made

in the form of the draft as approved.

(4) His Majesty may by Order in Council make such

adaptations of any enactments as may appear to Him

to be rendered necessary or expedient by reason of the

passing of section seventeen of the Administration of

Justice Act, 1925, or of anything done under the provisions of this section.

(5) Any order made by the Lord Chancellor or the

President of the Probate Division under the foregoing

provisions of this section may be revoked, varied or

amended by a subsequent order so made.

109. —(1) The President of the Probate Division

may from time to time—

(a) with the sanction of the Treasury give directions as to the number of clerks to be employed

in the several district probate registries and as

to the amounts of their respective salaries; and

(6) prescribe the qualifications to be possessed by

any person appointed a clerk in a district

probate registry; and

(c) regulate the establishment of the district

probate registries with respect to the duties

to be performed therein.

(2) The clerks in a district probate registry shall

be iiijpointed by the district probate registrar with the

approval of the President of the Probate Division and

1253

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 28.

Clerks of

district

probate

registries.

1254

Off. 49.

Officers to

be attached

to Supreme

Court.

Determination of

numbers of

officers.

Classification of

clerks.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

JudicaUire (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

shall he removable by the President or by the district

probate registrar with the approval of the R'esident.

General provisions as to Officers of the Supreme Court.

110. —(1) Such of the officers attached to the

Supreme Court as may be thought necessary or proper

for the performance of any special duties in connection

either with the Supreme Court generally, or with the

High Court or the Court of Appeal, or any one of the

Divisions, or any particular judge of either of the said

courts, may by the Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence

of the Lord Chief Justice and with the sanction of the

Treasury, be attached to the said respective courts.

Divisions and judges accordingly.

(2) The authority of the Supreme Court over its

officers may be exercised in and by the High Court and

the Court of Appeal respectively, and also in the case of

officers attached to any Division by the president of that

Division with respect to any duties to be discharged by

them respectively.

111. The Lord Chancellor may, with the concurrence of the Treasui ^, from time to time determine

as respects any class of officers in the Supreme Court

the number of persons who may be appointed to be

officers of that class.

112. —(1) The clerks employed in the offices of the

Supreme Court shall be classified in such manner as the

Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Treasury,

may by order direct, and shall be employed in such

capacities, as the Lord Chancellor may by order direct.

For the purposes of this subsection, the expression

" the offices of the Supreme Court " shall include the

department of the official solicitor to the Supreme Court,

the bankruptcy department and the companies (winding-

up) department, but shall not include the principal

probate registry.

(2) Any order made under this section may at

any time be revoked, varied or amended by a subsequent

order so made.

1925. Stipreme Court of Ch. 49. 1255

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

113. The Lord Chancellor may, with the approval of Power to the Lord Chief Justice, the Master of the Rolls and the

President of the Probate Division, as respects offices to "

which they have respectively a power of appointment,

abolish any office ‘in the Supreme Court which appears

to him to be unnecessary.

114. —(1) All officers assigned to perform duties with Appoint-

respect to the Supreme Court generally, or attached to ment of the High Court or the Court of Appeal, shall be appointed "cer3.

by the Lord Chancellor.

(2) All officers attached to the Chancery Division

who were formerly appointed by the Master of the Rolls,

shall continue, while so attached, to be appointed by the

Master of the Rolls.

(3) All other officers attached to any Division shall

be appointed by the president of that Division.

(4) All officers attached to any judge shall be

appointed by the judge to whom they are attached.

(5) The provisions of this section shall have effect

subject to any provisions contained in this Part of this Act with respect to the appointing of any particular

officers or the filling of vacancies in any particular offices.

115. —(1) Any officer of the Supreme Court Tenure of

W'ho by virtue of the provisions of subsection (1) of oncers of

section one hundred and twenty-eight of this Act is

required to vacate office at the end of the completed

year of service in the course of which he attains the

age of seventy-two years shall, subject to the provisions of the said subsection and subject as hereinafter

provided, hold office during good behaviour:

Provided that the power to remove any such

person from his office on account of misbehaviour shall

be exercisable by the Lord Chancellor, and the Lord

Chancellor shall have power to remove any such person

from his office on account of inability to perform the

duties of his office.

(2) Every officer of the Supreme Court, not being

an officer to whom subsection (1) of this section applies,

shall hold office during His Majesty’s pleasure:

1256

Ch. 49,

Appointment of

deputies for

Supreme

Court

officers.

Notice of

vacaneies in

offices.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1926.

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall

affect the tenure of any officer appointed before the

commencement of the Administration of Justice Act,

1925.

(3) In the application of this se'ction to registrars

of the Probate Division, the President of the Probate

Division shall be substituted for the Lord Chancellor.

116. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section,

where an officer of the Supreme Court is absent from

illness or other reasonable cause, he may, with the

approval of the Lord Chancellor, appoint a deputy, and

if being so absent he fails to make such an appointment,

the Lord Chancellor may appoint a deputy.

(2) Every deputy appointed under the foregoing

provisions of this section shall have aU the powers and

authorities of the officer for whom he is appointed to act.

(3) A person shall not be qualified to be appointed

under the foregoing provisions of this section to act as a

deputy in any office unless he is qualified for appointment

to that office.

(4) If any officer appointed before the commencement of this Act by virtue of the Court of Probate Act,

1857, or the Court of Probate Act, 1858, or appointed

after the commencement of this Act by virtue of the

corresponding provisions of this Act, becomes by reason

of iUness or other infirmity temporarily incapable of

performing the duties of his office, the President of the

Probate Division may appoint some other fit person to

discharge his duties for any period not exceeding six

months at one time, and the person so appointed shall,

during that period, have the same powers as the officer

in whose place he is appointed, and shall be paid by that

officer such sum by way of salary or allowance as may

be agreed on between them or be fixed by the President.

The President may in his discretion grant to any

officer appointed under the said Acts or under the said

provisions of this Act, leave of absence for any period

not exceeding two months in any year, and may make

provision for the discharge of the duties of that officer

during his absence.

117. On the occurrence of any vacancy in the

office of any officer of the Supreme Court, notice thereof

shall be forthwith given to the Lord Chancellor and also

1925. Supreme Court of Ch, 49. 1257

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

to the Treasury by the senior continuing or surviving

officer of the department in which the vacancy occurs,

and no "appointment shall be made to fill the vacancy

within the period of one month next after the date of the notice without the assent of the Lord Chancellor,

given with the concurrence of the Treasury, and the Lord

Chancellor may, if it be necessary, make provision in

such manner as he thinks fit for the temporary discharge

in the meantime of the duties of the office.

118. —(1) The salaries of the several officers of the Siiiaries and

Supreme Court shall be of such amounts as the Lord pensioua of

Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Treasury, from officers,

time to time determines, and (without prejudice to the

provisions contained in this Part of this Act with respect

to the pensions of persons holding any of the offices

specified in Part I. of the Third Schedule to this Act)

every such officer shall be deemed, for the purposes of

salary and pension, to be a permanent civil servant of the State.

(2) All salaries, pensions and allowances payable to

officers of the Supreme Court shall be paid out of moneys

provided by Parliament, and shall be deemed to accrue

from day to day but shall be payable on such days as the

Treasury may from time to time appoint.

119. —(1) An officer of the Supreme Court shall not. Conditions

if appointed since the commencement of the Supreme of obtaining

Court of Judicature (Officers) Act, 1879, be entitled to

a pension under this Part of this Act, or if appointed since 42 & 4a Vict

the commencement of the Supreme Court of Judicature c. 78.

Act, 1884, be entitled to a salary under this Part of this Act, 47 & 48 Vict,

unless he has been admitted to his office with a certificate

from the Civil Service Commissioners;

Provided that—

(a) The provisions of this section shall not apply

in the case of a person appointed to any of the offices specified in Part I. of the Third

Schedule to this Act; and

(b) The Lord Chancellor may from time to time,

with the concurrence of the Treasury, make,

revoke and alter orders declaring that this

section shall not apply to any office or class

of offices specified in the order, and if any

such order is made the application of this

section shall be limited accordingly. .

1258

Officers not

to practise

as barristers

or solicitors.

Personal

officers of

judges.

Additional

duties of

senior

master.

Registrars

and clerks to

registrars in

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

(2) Before any person is appointed to any of the

offices specified in Part I. of the Third Schedule to

this Act the person making the appointment shall take

steps to satisfy himself that the state of health of the

person proposed to be appointed is satisfactory.

120. An officer of the Supreme Court shall not either

directly or indirectly practise as a barrister or solicitor

or as an agent of a solicitor in any court in the United

Kingdom:

Provided that this section shall not apply to district

registrars of the High Court or district probate registrars,

or to the official solicitor to the Supreme Court acting in

his capacity as such.

Provisions as to particular Officers.

121. —(1) There shall be attached to the Lord Chief

Justice and the Master of the Rolls respectively, a

secretary, vehose salary shall be five hundred pounds

per annum, and a clerk, whose salary shall be four

hundred pounds per annum, and to each of the other

judges of the High Court and to each of the Lords

Justices of Appeal, a clerk, whose salary shall be four

hundred pounds per annum.

(2) i\ n officer so attached shall—

(a) be attached to the person of the judge as such

and shall be appointed and removable by him

at his pleasure; and

(b) be liable, if required, while in attendance on

the judge, to discharge without further remuneration the duties of crier in court or on

circuit, or of usher or train bearer.

122. The senior master of the Supreme Court

(King’s Bench Division) shall hold and perform the duties

of the offices of the King’s Remembrancer, registrar of

certificates of acknowledgments of deeds by married

women and registrar of judgments, with such additional

salary in respect of the office of King’s Remembrancer as

the Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Treasury,

may determine.

123. — (1) The registrars of the Chancery Division (in

this section referred to as " the registrars ") and the

clerks to the registrars shall be appointed by the Lord

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49. 1259

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Chancellor, and the number of the registrars and of the Chancery

clerks respectively shall he such as the Lord Chancellor, Division,

with the approval of the Treasury, may fix.

(2) The Lord, Chancellor shall appoint one of the

registrars to he chief registrar, and the chief registrar

shall exercise as respects the other registrars and the

clerks to the registrars such duties and functions as the

Lord Chancellor may from time to time assign to him.

(3) The clerks to the registrars shall retire from ofldce

at such age as the Lord Chancellor, with the consent of the Treasury, may fix.

(4) Any person who was on the nineteenth day of

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-one, exercising

functions as a registrar or as a clerk to the registrars

shall he deemed to have been duly appointed in accordance with the provisions of this section to the office of

registrar or clerk, as the case may be, but shall he entitled

to reckon as a period of service for the purpose of the

Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1919, any period before

that date during which he exercised such functions.

124. The power to appoint a person to be a clerk Office of

in the office of the master in lunacy shall be vested in Master in

and exercisable by the Lord Chancellor, and that office lunacy,

shall be included among the offices of the Supreme Court.

125. — (1) There shall be attached to the Supreme Official

Court permanent officers, to he called official referees, who referees,

shall report on such questions and try such causes,

matters, questions and issues as may be referred to them

for report or trial respectively under the provisions of

Part IV. of this Act.

(2) The number of the official referees, and the

tenure of their office, shall be determined by the Lord

Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Lord Chief

Justice and the President of the Probate Division, and

with the sanction of the Treasury.

(3) The official referees shall perform the duties

entrusted to them in such places, whether in London or

in the country, as may from time to time be directed or

authorised by any order of the High Court or of the Court

of Appeal.

(4) All proper and reasonable travelling expenses

incurred by the official referees in the discharge of their

1260

Ch. 49.

Qualifications.

Compulsory

retirement

of certain

officers.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

duties shall he defrayed out of moneys provided by

Parliament.

126. —(1) A person shall not he qualified for

appointment to any of the offices in the Supreme Court

specified in the first column of the Fourth Schedule to

this Act unless he is a person of the description specified

in the second column of that Schedule in respect of

that office:

Provided that notwithstanding anything in this

section any person who held any office in the Supreme

Court at the commencement of the Administration of

Justice Act, 1925, shall be qualified for appointment to

any office to which he might have been appointed if

that Act had not passed.

(2) The registrars of the Chancery Division shall he

appointed from among the persons who at the time of the

appointment are clerks to the registrars, and a person

shall not he qualified to be appointed as clerk to the

registrars unless he is a solicitor of the Supreme Court of

not less than two years’ standing.

(3) A person shall not be qualified to be appointed a

probate registrar or district probate registrar unless he is

a barrister or solicitor, or a clerk who has served five

years in the principal probate registry.

(4) A person shall not be qualified to be appointed

an admiralty registrar or assistant registrar unless he is

a barrister or solicitor of ten years’ standing. .

127. —(1) A person holding any of the offices in the

Supreme Court specified in Part I. or Part II. of the

Third Schedule to this Act shall vacate his office at

the end of the completed year of service in the course

of which he attains the age of seventy-two years:

Provided that, where the Lord Chancellor considers it

desirable in the public interest to retain any such person

in the public service after he attains the age of seventy-

two years, he may, with the approval of the Treasury,

authorise his continuance in the service up to such later

age, not exceeding seventy-five years, as he thinks fit.

(2) The provisions of this section shall not apply to

a person holding any of the offices specified in Part I. of the said Third Schedule if he was appointed to that

office before the first day of July, nineteen hundred and

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. .49. 1261

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

fifteen, and did not give notice in accordance with the

provisions of section three of the Supreme Court Officers ll&l2 Geo.5.

(Retirement, Pensions, &c.) Act, 1921, of his desire to ^6.

accept the provisions contained in that Act in respect of the pensions of the persons holding the offices aforesaid in

lieu of the provisions in respect of pensions which would

have applied if that Act had not passed, or to a person

holding either of the offices specified in Part II. of the

said Third Schedule if he was appointed to that office

before the date aforesaid.

128. —(1) The provisions of the Superannuation Acts, Pensions

1834 to 1919, shall apply to persons holding any of the of certain

offices specified in Part I. of the Third Schedule to this officers.

Act, subject to the following modifications :—

(a) On the retirement of a person from any of the

ofidces aforesaid there may be granted to him a

superannuation allowance calculated in accordance with the provisions of Part III. of the

said Third Schedule instead of a superannuation allowance calculated in accordance with

the provisions of the Superannuation Acts, 1834

to 1919:

(b) Section two of the Superannuation Act, 1909 9 EJw. 7.

(which authorises the grant of a gratuity in cose

of death), section three of that Act (which

provides for the application of the Act to

existing male civil servants), and subsection (2)

of section six of that Act (which relates to

compensation for abolition of office), and section

two of the Superannuation Act, 1914 (which 4 & 5 Geo. 5.

amends subsection (1) of section two of the §6.

Superannuation Act, 1909), shall not apply;

(<?) Section ten of the Superannuation Act, 185 & 22 Vict,

(which prohibits the grant of superannuation 26.

allowance to a person under the age of sixty

years except upon evidence of infirmity) shall

not apply, but it shall not he lawful to grant

any superannuation allowance under the provisions of this section to any person who is under

the age of seventy-two years, unless upon a

medical certificate to the satisfaction of the

Treasury to the effect that he is incapable from

infirmity of mind or body of discharging the

1262

50 & 51 Vict,

c. 67.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5,

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

duties of his ofiB.ee and that the infirmity is likely

to he permanent, or unless he has served fifteen

years in one or more of the offices specified in

Part I. of the said Third Schedule and has

attained the age of sixty-five years:

Provided that—

(i) The foregoing provisions of this section shall

not apply to any person to whom, if the

Supreme Court Officers (Retirement, Pensions,

&c.) Act, 1921, had not been repealed by this Act, section two of that Act would not have

applied or to any person who, having been

appointed to one of the offices aforesaid was

at the time of his appointment a civil servant

within the meaning of the Superannuation Act,

1887, unless he gives notice in such form and

within such period as may be prescribed by the

Lord Chancellor, of his desire to accept those

provisions in lieu of the general provisions of the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1919:

(ii) In the case of any person who in pursuance of the provisions of proviso (ii) to subsection (1)

of section two of the Supreme Court Officers

(Retirement, Pensions, &c.) Act, 1921, gave

notice that he desired to accept the provisions

of that section with the substitution for the

allowances under the Second Schedule to that

Act of the allowances and other benefits set

out in the Third Schedule to that Act, this

section shall have effect as if references to

Part IV. of the Third Schedule to this Act

were substituted for references to Part III.

of that Schedule.

(2) For the purpose of computing any allowance or

benefit under Part III. or Part IV. of the Third

Schedule to this Act, no account shall be taken of any

years of service in any office other than an office specified

in Part I. of that Schedule.

(3) The previsions of this section shall not apply to a

person holding any of the ofiBces specified in Part I. of the said Third Schedule if he was appointed to that

office before the first day of July, nineteen hundred

and fifteen, and did not give notice in accordance with

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

the provisions of section three of the Supreme Court

Officers (Retirement, Pensions, &c.) Act, 1921, of his

desire t’a accept those provisions in lieu of the provisions

in respect of pensions which would have applied to him

if that Act had no^ passed.

129. —(1) Where under or by virtue of any order,

grant or appointment, any powers and duties have

been or are hereafter conferred or imposed on the official

solicitor to the Supreme Court, then, unless and until

the Supreme Court or a judge thereof, or in matters

and proceedings in lunacy a judge or master in lunacy,

otherwise directs in any particular case, those powers

may be exercised and those duties shall be performed

by the holder of the office for the time being, and no

further order or appointment shall be necessary by

reason only of the person on whom the powers and duties

were conferred or imposed dying or ceasing to hold office.

(2) Any bond entered into by the official solicitor

as such in connection with any grant of administration

shall be binding on the holder of the office for the time

being, and any property vested in the official solicitor as

such shall, on his dying or ceasing to hold office, without

any conveyance, assignment or transfer, become vested

in his successor in like manner as it was vested in him.

* 130. —(1) The Lord Chancellor may from time to

time, with the concurrence of the Treasury, make regulations with respect to—

ia) the appointment, removal, payment and duties

of persons to keep order in the Royal Courts of

Justice;

(6) the appointment, removal, payment and duties

of persons charged with the care and cleaning of the Royal Courts of Justice; and

(<?) any other matters necessary or incidental to the

use or management of the Royal Courts of

Justice.

(2) Any remuneration payable under this section

shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Miscellaneous.

131. Subject to the provisions of this Act, any rights

of patronage and other rights or powers incident to any

1263

Powers and

duties of

oflScial

solicitor.

Appoint-

ments to

keep order,

&c. in Royal

Courts of

Justice.

Patronage

not other-

1264

Ch. 49.

wise provided for.

Construction

of enactments, &c.,

referring to

abolished

officers or

offices.

42 & 43 Vict,

c. 78.

Pay office of

Supreme

Court.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 6.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

court or to the office of any judge of any court whose

jurisdiction is now vested in the High Court or the

Court of Appeal, in respect of which rights of patronage

or other rights or powers no provision is made by this Act, shall he exercised in such mantfer as His Majesty

may by Sign Manual direct.

132. Any enactment or document referring to an

officer or office abolished by the Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act, 1879, shall, as far as it continues

applicable, be construed as referring to the officer or office

substituted by that Act, and rules of court may determine

what officer or office is so substituted.

Part VI.

Funds in Court.

133.—(1) There shall be an Accountant-General of,

and an accounting department for, the Supreme Court.

(2) The Clerk of the Crown shall be the Accountant-

General of the Supreme Court (in this Part of this Act

referred to as " the Accountant-General ").

(3) The office of the Accountant-General shall be

an office of the Supren^e Court.

(4) All funds transferred or paid into or deposited in

court, to the credit of any cause, matter or account in

any Division, shall he vested in the Accountant-General

on behalf of the Supreme Court, and shall be subject

to the provisions of this Part of this Act and to any

rules made under this Part of this Act (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the rules.")

(5) The Accountant-General may do any act, sign or

execute any instrument, and exercise any authority required or authorised to be done, signed, executed or

exercised by him for the purposes of this Part of this Act or of the rules, by a deputy appointed by him ill writing

under his hand.

(6) References to the Paymaster-General in any

rules made under or for the purposes of the Court of

Chancery (Funds) Act, 1872, or any Act amending that

Act, before the commencement of this Act shall be

construed as references to the Accountant-General.

1925.

Ch. 49.

1265

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

134. —(1) The Consolidated Pund shall he liable to

make good to the suitors of the High Court all funds in

court. '

(2) If the Lord Chancellor, whether on a representation

made to him by any suitor or without any such representation, certifies to the Treasury in writing that the Accountant-

General has failed to pay any money in court, or transfer

or deliver any securities in court, required by any order

of the court to be paid, transferred or delivered from his

account, or has been guilty of any default with respect to

any such money or securities, the Treasury shall cause to

be paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing

produce thereof into the Bank to the credit of the Accountant-General for and on behalf of the Supreme Court,

such sum as may be certified by the Lord Chancellor in

writing to be required for the purpose of paying the

money so required to be paid, or of replacing the securities

so required to be transferred or delivered or of making

good such default.

135. All Acts, all rules and orders made in pursuance of any Act, all orders of the Court of Chancery,

and all instruments and proceedings of every description

referring to the Accountant-General of the Court of

Chancery or Court of Exchequer, shall, subject to the

provisions of this Part of this Act and of the rules, be

construed and have effect as if the Accountant-General

were therein referred to in place of the Accountant-

General of the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer,

so however that all money and securities shall be paid,

transferred or deposited to the credit or account of the

Accountant-General for and on behalf of the Supreme

Court:

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the

King’s Remembrancer, or the performance by him of

any duties formerly performed by the Accountant-General

of the Court of Exchequer, or apply to any Act, rule,

order, instrument or proceeding relating to any such

duties.

136. The I’reasury shall cause the Accountant-

General to keep in or near the Royal Courts of Justice

an office for the purpose of carrying on the business

of the Accountant-General under this Part of this Act.

4 L

Liability of

Consolidated

Fund for

default of

Accountant.

Construction

of Acts, &c.,

referring to

Accountant-

General.

Pay Office

for Supreme

Court.

1266

Ch. 49.

Vesting of

property in

Accountant.

Transfer of

securities

and receipt

of dividends.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

137. All funds in court in pursuance of this Part

of this Act shall vest in the Accountant-General for and

on behalf of the Supreme Court without any conveyance,

assignment or transfer, notwithstanding the death or

removal from office of the person Who is Accountant-

General, and shall he held by him in trust to attend the

orders of the court and subject to the rules, and all acts

done by the Accountant-General with reference to any

such funds in pursuance of an order of the court shall

he valid and effectual.

138. —(1) All securities transferred, standing or

deposited into, in or to the account of the Accountant-

General in pursuance of this Part of this Act, shall he

held by him in trust in the several causes and matters

in which those securities are transferred, standing or

deposited respectively, and shall not he transferred, sold

or delivered out except in pursuance of an order of the

court.

(2) The rules may determine what evidence of an

order of the court and of the directions contained in the

order shall he necessary and sufficient for authorising the

Pank or any other person to transfer on sale or otherwise

or deliv er out any securities or other things standing in

1 he hooks of or deposited with the Bank or that person

to the credit or account of the Accountant-General, and

the securities or things so directed to he transferred or

delivered out shall he transferred or delivered out

accordingly on behalf of the Accountant-General by some

officer of the Bank or that person.

(3) The Bank shall, by one of their cashiers or some

other proper officer, receive all dividends accruing due on

all securities standing to the account of the Accountant-

General for and on behalf of the Supreme Court of which

a certificate has been sent to them by him, and shall also

receive any principal money payable in respect of any

such securities, and the said certificate shall be a sufficient authority to the Bank to receive the dividends and

principal money.

(4) Any receipt given by the Bank or by any

cashier or other proper officer of the Bank for any dividends on any securities standing to the account of the

Accountant-General under this Part of this Act, or any

1925.

Ch. 49.

1267

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

principal money payable in respect of any such securities,

shall he a good discharge for those dividends or that

money.

(5) The Bank shall place all money received by them

in pursuance of this section to the credit of the Accountant-

General for and on behalf of the Supreme Court.

139 . Section sixty of the Bills of Exchange Act,

1882 (which relates to the indorsement of drafts on orders

drawn upon hankers for the payment of money), shall

extend to any document issued by the Accountant-General

in pursuance of this Part of this Ac.t which authorises the

payment of money.

140 . Nothing in this Part of this Act shall be

deemed to require the Bank to keep the account of the

Accountant-General for and on behalf of the Supreme

Court causewise, and the Bank are hereby indemnified

for all acts and things done or permitted to be done in

pursuance of this Part of this Act or of the rules, or of

any order of the court made or purporting to be made

in pursuance of this Part of this Act or of any such rule,

or done or permitted to be done in pursirance of any

certificate signed and countersigned as directed bj^ this

Part of this Act or the rules, and no such acts or things

respectively shall be questioned in any court to the

detriment of the Bank.

141 .-(1)Save as otherwise provided by the rules,

all money in court shall, subject to the provisions of this

Part of this Act and of the rules, be placed on deposit

without, in the case of money paid into court after the

commencement of the Court of Chancery (Funds) Act,

1872, any application or request for that purpose, and

when so placed on deposit shall bear interest at the rate

of two per cent, per annum together with any income tal

chargeable thereon.

(2) Any money which may at any time he standing

to the credit of the Accountant-General for and on behalf

of the Supreme Court beyond the amount which the

Accountant-General considers to be required for meeting

current demands shall be placed in the hands of the

National Debt Commissioners, who shall pay to the credit

of the Accountant-General for and on behalf of the

Supreme Court such sum as, with such money as is at

4L 2

Application

of s. 60 of

•ir> & 46 Vict,

c. 61 to

cheques, &e.

of Accountant.

Indemnity to

Bank.

Establishment of

suitors ’

deposit

account.

35 & 36 Vict,

c. 44.

1268

Ch. 49.

Saving for

investments

made under

order of

court.

Validity of

payments,

&c. pursuant

to rules of

court.

Remittances

by post.

Application

of money

in hands of

National

Debt Commissioners.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 6.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

the time standing to his credit, may he certified by him

to he required to meet current demands, and the Consolidated Fund shall he liable to make good all fnoney so

placed in the hands of the Commissioners and the interest

payable on sums placed on deposit, in*’like manner as it is

liable to make good money in court.

142 . Any money in court which under the rules or

under rules of court or under an order of the court is

required to he laid out in any particular investment

shall, subject to the rules, be so laid out notwithstanding

anything in this Part of this Act.

143 . All acts done by the Accountant-General with

reference to funds in court pursuant to and in accordance

with rules of court shall l)e as valid and effectual as if

they had been done in pui’suance of an order of the

court,

144 . Where by the rules or any regulations of the

Treasury the Accountant-General is authorised to make

payments of money to persons entitled thereto upon their

request by transmitting to them by post crossed cheques

or other documents intended to enable them to obtain

payment of the sums expressed therein, the posting of a

letter containing the cheque or document and addressed

to the person entitled j; hereto at the address given by him

in his request shall, as respects the liability of the Accountant-General and of the Consolidated Fund respectively,

be equivalent to the delivery of the cheque or document

to that person himself.

145 . —(1) The National Debt Commissioners shall,

subject to the directions of the Treasury, from time to time

invest all money placed in their hands in pursuance of this Part of this Act in Government securities, and shall

put of the dividends on the securities purchased with that

money and on the securities, if any, purchased with the

accumulation of those dividends, pay the sums payable by

them under this Part of this Act, and invest any residue

thereof in Government securities, and may from time

to time change any such securities into Government

securities of another description of equivalent value.

(2) If at any time the money in the hands of the

National Debt Commissioners under this Part of this Act

is insufficient to pay the amount payable by them in

pursuance of this Part of this Act, the Treasury shall

1925. Supreme Court of Cii. 49. 1269

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1926.

either direct the Commissioners to realise a suflhcient

portion of the securities so purchased as aforesaid and

apply the proceeds of such realisation in paying the

amount so payable by them, or cause the required sum

to he issued to the Commissioners out of any money

applicable to the sinking fund, or out of the Consolidated

Fund or the growing produce thereof.

146 . —(1) The Lord Chancellor, with the concur- Power to

rence of the Treasury, may make rules for carrying make rules,

this Part of this Act into effect, and regulating the

deposit, payment, delivery and transfer in, into and

out of court of money and securities which belong to

suitors, or are otherwise capable of being deposited in or

paid or transferred into court, or in or into the Bank with

the privity of the Accountant-General, or are under the

custody of the court, and the evidence of such deposit,

payment, delivery or transfer, and the investment of and

other dealing with money and securities in court in

pursuance of the orders of the court, and the execution

of the orders of the court, and the powers and duties of the Accountant-General with reference to such money and

securities, and in particular for :—

(a) Regulating the mode in which the Accountant-

General is to deal with money and securities in

pursuance of the orders of the court, and the

mode in which effect is to be given to an order

of the court which is to be executed by or

through the office of the Accountant-General, and

generally the arrangements between that office

and the court and the officers thereof, and the

certificates and information to be given by the

Accountant-General with reference to the

business of the court:

(h) Regulating the deposit, payment, sale, transfer

and delivery with, to and by the Accountant-

General of the funds, and the proceedings,

evidence and duties of persons in relation

thereto:

(c) Determining the mode of ascertaining the value

of Government securities transferred to the

National Debt Commissioners, or otherwise

ordered to be dealt with by the Accountant-

General:

1270

Ch. 19.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Comolidation) Act, 1925.

(d) Hegiilating the investment in securities of

money in court and the conversion into money

of securities in court, and the transfer to the

National Debt Commissioners of Government

securities ordered by the dburt to be sold or

converted into cash, and the transfer by the

Commissioners to the Accountant-General for

and on behalf of the Supreme Court of Government securities ordered by the court to be

purchased:

(e) Regulating the placing on and withdrawal from

deposit of money in court, and the payment or

crediting of interest on money placed on deposit;

(f) Determining the smallest amount which is to he

invested in securities, unless directed to he so

invested notwithstanding the smallness of the

amount, and determining the smallest amount

which is to he placed or remain on deposit,

and the smallest amount of money on deposit

on which interest in pursuance of this Part of this Act is to be credited to an account to which

money placed on deposit belongs:

(y) Determining the smallest amount which shall,

notwithstanding any order of the court, be paid

by the Accountant-General:

Provided that—

(i) No rules made in pursuance of this

paragraph shall apply to any periodical

payments of annuities, or of dividends or

interest on funds in court;

(ii) The amount determined under this

paragraph shall not exceed one shilling;

and

(iii) Any sums retained by the Accountant-General in accordance with any rule

made under this paragraph shall, in such

manner as the Treasury may direct, be

either paid into the Exchequer or applied

as an appropriation in aid of the moneys

granted by Parliament for the expenses of the Supreme Court:

(A) Determining the time at which money in court is

to be placed on deposit, and at which interest on

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Oil. 49.

1271

money so placed on deposit is to begin and cease,

and the mode of computing any such interest:

(i) Determining the cases in which interest on money

placed on deposit, and the dividends on any

securities standing to the account of the

Accountant-General for and on hehaK of the

Supreme Court, is or are to be placed on deposit:

(h) Dealing with—

(a) accounts on, which the balance of money

and securities together amounts to less than

five pounds;

(b) accounts on which that balance amounts

to five pounds or more, but less than fifty

pounds, and which have not been dealt with

for a period of five years;

(c) accounts on which that balance amounts

to fifty pounds or more and which have not

been dealt with for a period of fifteen years;

and providing for the publication of fists of aU

or any of such last-mentioned accounts:

(1) Regulating the mode of framing and expressing

' orders of the court and instruments and proceedings of the Accountant-General with reference to the business of the court:

(m) Abrogating any general orders of the Court of

Chancery relating to the matters aforesaid.

(2) Every rule made in pursuance of this section

shall be laid before Parliament and every rule purporting

to be so made shall be deemed to have been duly made

and to have been within the powers of this Act.

147 . The Treasury may make regulations with

respect to the stockbroker to be employed in transacting

the business relating to the funds vested in the Accountant-

General for and on behalf of the Supreme Court, and the

amount of commission to be received by him, or his

payment by salary or otherwise.

148 . —(1)Accounts in such form as the Treasury

may direct, including all such accounts as may be necessary for carrying into effect the orders of the High Court,

shall be kept for the purposes of this Part of this Act,

and separate accounts shall be kept for the transactions

Regulations

as to stockbroker.

Accounts of

funds in

court.

1272 Ch. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

under this Part of this Act of the Accountant-General

and of the National Debt Commissioners and of the

liability of the Consolidated Fund under this Part of this Act.

ft

(2) The accounts to be kept under this section shall

be examined by the Comptroller and Auditor-General, and

the Treasury shall cause copies of the accounts certified

by the Comptroller and Auditor-General, together with

his report thereon, to be sent to the Lord Chancellor

and to be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

Interpretation of

terms in

Part VI.

149 . In this Part of this Act, unless the context

otherwise requires, the following expressions have the

meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to

say, —

" Supreme Court, " " High Court " and " court "

include the Ijord Chancellor and any person

exercising the powers of the judge in lunacy:

" Order of the court" means any such order, decree,

report, certificate or direction of the court, or any

judge or officer thereof, as may be prescribed by

the rules:

" Dividends " includes interest or other periodical

produce:

" Government securities" means any annuities,

exchequer bonds or other parliamentary securities

of the Government of the United Kingdom;

" Securities " includes Government securities, and

any security of any foreign state, of any part of His

Majesty’s Dominions outside the United Kingdom,

or of any body corporate or company, or any

securities standing in books kept by any person

in the United Kingdom;

" Securities in court" means any securities standing

or deposited in the name or to the credit or account

of the Accountant-General for and on behalf of the

Supreme Court, or placed to the credit of a cause,

matter or account in court:

Money in court" means any sum of money paid

into the Bank with the privity of the Accountant-

General for and on behalf of the Supreme Court or

placed to the credit of any cause, matter or account

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1273

in court, and includes dividends on securities in

court and interest on money on deposit:

" Funds " and " funds in court " mean any money,

securities or effects or any part thereof, standing

or to be placed to the account or credit of the

Accountant-General for and on behalf of the

Supreme Court in the hooks of the Bank:

" The Bank" means the Bank of England.

Part VII.

Probate Causes and Matters.

Grants of Probate and Administration.

150 . An application for the grant or revocation of Application

probate or administration may be made through the forf'rants.

principal probate registry:

Provided that—

(a) Where, in any contentious matter arising out

of the application, the court is satisfied that

the state of the property and the place of

abode of the deceased were such as to give

jurisdiction in the matter to a county court,

the court may remit the matter to that county

court and the judge thereof shall proceed in

the matter as if the application had been

made to the county court in the first instance:

(5) Where a registrar of the principal probate

registry is satisfied by affidavit that the

personal estate of the person in respect of

whose estate the application for the grant or

revocation is made exclusive of what he

was possessed of or entitled to as a trustee

and not beneficially, but without any deduction on account of his debts, was at the

time of his death under the value of two

hundred pounds, and that at that time

he was not seised or entitled beneficially of

or to any real estate of the value of three

hundred pounds or upwards, the judge of the

- county court having jurisdiction in the place

of abode of the deceased shall have the jurisdiction of the High Court in respect of any

contentious matter arising in connection with

the said grant or revocation.

1274

Grants

in district

prof)ate

registries.

Duties of

district

probate

registrars.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

151. —(1) Grants may be made in common form by

district probate registrars in the name of the High Court

and under the seal of the registry, and any suth grant

shall have effect over the personal estate of the deceased,

and, subject to the provisions of thife Part of this Act,

over the real estate of the deceased, in all parts of

England.

(2) No grant shall be made by a district probate

registrar in any case in which there is contention until

the contention is disposed of, or in any case in which it

appears to him that a grant ought not to be made

without the direction of the court.

(3) In any case where it appears doubtful to a

district probate registrar whether an application for a

grant of probate or administration should or should not

be granted, or where any question arises in relation to a

grant, or an application for a grant, the district probate

registrar shall send a statement of the matter in question

to the principal probate registry for the directions of the

court, and the court may direct the district probate

registrar to proceed with the matter in accordance with

such instructions as the court may think necessary,

or may forbid any further proceedings by the district

probate registrar in relation to the matter, leaving the

party applying for the grant to apply to the High Court

through the principal probate registry or, if the case is

within the jurisdiction of a county court, to the county

court.

152 . —(1) A district probate registrar shall send to the principal probate registry a notice in the prescril)ed

form of every application made in the registry for a grant

as soon as may be after the application has been made,

and no grant shall be made by him until he has received

from the principal probate registry a certificate that no

other application appears to have been made in respect

of the estate of the testator or intestate.

(2) The certificate aforesaid shall be forwarded as

soon as may be to the district probate registrar, and may

be issued from the principal probate registry under a

stamp provided for that purpose and approved by the

President of the Probate Division.

(3) All notices so transmitted to the principal probate

registry shall be filed and kept in that registry.

15^25. Supreme Court of Ch. 49. 1275

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925,

(4) Where any such notice is received from any

district probate registry the registrars of the principal

probate registry shall examine all notices of applications

for grants received from the several other district probate

registries and all applications for grants made at the

principal probate registry, so far as may he necessary for

the purpose of ascertaining whether application for a

grant in respect of the estate of the same deceased person

has been made in more than one registry, and shall

communicate with the district probate registrar as occasion

may require in relation thereto.

(5) A district probate registrar shall, once in every

month, or oftener if required by probate rules or orders,

transmit to the principal probate registry a list in the

prescribed form of the grants made by him and not

included in a previous return, and also copies of the wills

to which the grants relate, certified by him to be correct

under a stamp provided by the district probate registrar

for that purpose and approved by the President of the

Probate Division.

(6) A district probate registrar shall file and preserve

all original wills of which probate or administration

Muth the will annexed has been granted by him, subject

to such regulations with respect to the preservation and

inspection of the wills as may from time to time be made

by the President of the Probate DiAusion.

163. Second and subsequent grants shall be made Second and

in the principal probate registry or in the district probate subsequent

registry where the original will is registered or the

original grant was made, or to which the original will

or a registered copy thereof or the record of the original

grant has been transmitted in pursuance of section eighty-

nine of the Court of Probate Act, 1857, or of this Part of this Act.

154 . —(1) A caveat against a grant of probate or Caveats,

administration may be entered in the principal probate

registry or in any district probate registry.

(2) On a caveat being entered in a district registry,

the district probate registrar shall immediately send a

copy thereof to the principal probate registry to be

entered among the caveats in that registry.

155, —(1) Prohate or administration in respect of the

real estate of a deceased person, or any part thereof, may

be granted either separately or together with probate or

Power to

grant representation of

real and

1276

Ch. 49.

personal

estate separately or

together.

Calendars

of grants.

Copies of

wills to be

delivered to

Commissioners of

Inland

Revenue.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

administration of his personal estate, and may also be

granted in respect of real estate only where there is no

personal estate, or in respect of a trust estate only, and

a grant of administration to real estate may be limited in

any way the court thinks proper:

Provided that where the estate of the deceased is

known to be insolvent, the grant of representation to the

estate shall not be severed except as regards a trust estate.

(2) Provision may be made by probate rules and

orders for adapting to the case of real estate the procedure and practice on the grant of administration.

156 . —(1) The President of the Probate Division

shall cause to be prepared and printed from time to time

in the principal probate registry calendars of the grants

made in that registry and in the several district probate

registries for such periods as the President of the Probate

Division may direct.

(2) Every such calendar shall contain a note of

every probate or administration with the will annexed

and of every other administration granted within the

period specified in the calendar, setting forth the date

of the grant, the registry in which it was made, the name

and the place and time of death of the testator or

intestate, the names and descriptions of the executors or

administrators, and the value of the estate.

(3) A printed copy of every calendar so prepared

shall be sent by post or otherwise to every distriet probate

registry, to the probate registry in Belfast, to the office of the

commissary clerk of Edinburgh, and to such other offices as

the President shall from time to time direct, and every

copy so transmitted shall be kept in the registry or office to

which it is transmitted, and may be inspected by any person

on payment of a fee of one shilling for each search,

without reference to the number of calendars inspected.

157 . Subject to any arrangements which may

from time to time be made between the President of the

Probate Division and the Commissioners of Inland

Revenue, every probate registry shall, within such period

after a grant as the President may direct, deliver to the

Commissioners of Inland Revenue or their proper officer

the following documents—

(a) In the case of a probate or of letters of administration with a will annexed, the Inland Revenue

affidavit and a copy of the will:

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49. 1277

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

(b) In the case of letters of administration without

a Av ill annexed, the Inland lleA cnne affidaAut:

((?) In every case of letters of administration a copy

or extract of the letters of administration:

(d) In every case such certificate or note of the grant

as the said Commissioners may require.

158 . The foregoing provisions of this Part of this Temporary

Act shall have effect subject to the temporary provisions provisions,

set out in Part I. of the Fifth Schedule to this Act, and

the extension of the power to make grants in district

probate registries which will come into operation when the

temporary provisions cease to have effect shall be subject

to probate rules and orders.

Provisions as to Executors and Administrators.

159 . The High Court shall have power to summon Summons of

any person named as executor in a will to prove or executor to

renounce probate of the will, and to do such other things T>rove or reconcerning the will as were customary before the com-

mencement of this Act.

160 . —(1) Probate or administration shall not be Provisions

granted to more than four persons in respect of the same »»to the

property, and administration shall, if there is a minority or

if a life interest arises under the will or intestacy, be yepresenta-

granted either to a trust corporation, with or without an tives.

individual, or to not less than two indi\iduals:

Provided that the court in granting administration

may act on such prima facie evidence, furnished by the

applicant or any other person, as to whether or not there

is a minority or life interest, as may be prescribed by

probate rules and orders.

(2) If there is only one personal representative (not

being a trust corporation) then, during the minority of a

beneficiary or the subsistence of a life interest and until

the estate is fully administered, the court may, on the

application of any person interested or of the guardian,

committee or receiver of any such person, appoint one or

more personal representatives in addition to the original

personal representative in accordance with probate rules

and orders.

(3) This section shall apply to grants made after

the date of the commencement of this Act, whether the

testator or intestate died before or after that date.

1278

Power to

grant representation to

a trust corporation.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 21.

Discretion of

court as to

persons to

whom administration

is to he

granted.

Cn. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

161 . —(1) The High Court may—

(a) where a trust corporation is named in a will

as executor, whether alone or jointly with

another person, grant probate to the corporation either solely or jointly with another person,

as the case may require; and

(5) grant administration to a trust corporation,

either solely or jointly with another person,

and the corporation may act accordingly as executor or

administrator, as the case may be.

(2) Probate or administration shall not be granted to

a syndic or nominee on behalf of a trust corporation.

(3) Any officer authorised for the purpose by a trust

corporation or the directors or governing body thereof

may, on behalf of the corporation, swear affidavits, give

security and do any other act or thing which the court

may require with a view to the grant to the corporation

of probate or administration, and the acts of an officer so

authorised shall he binding on the corporation.

(4) Where, at the commencement of this Act, any

interest in any estate is vested in a syndic on behalf

of a trust corporation acting as the personal representatives of a deceased person, the said interest shall, by

virtue of this Act, vest in the corporation, and the syndic

shall be kept indemnified by the corporation in respect of the said interest.

This subsection shall not apply to securities registered

or inscribed in the name of a syndic or to land or a charge

registered under the Land Registration Act, 1925, in the

name of a syndic, but any such securities, land or charge,

shall be transferred by the syndic to the corporation or as

the corporation may direct.

(5) This section shall have efiiect whether the intestate died before or after the commencement of this Act,

and no such vesting or transfer as aforesaid shall operate

as a breach of a covenant or condition against alienation

or give rise to a forfeiture.

162 . —(1) In granting administration the High Court

shall have regard to the rights of all persons interested in

the estate of the deceased person or the proceeds of sale

thereof, and, in particular, administration with the will

annexed may be granted to a devisee or legatee, and in

regard to land settled previously to the death of the

deceased and not by his will, may be granted to the

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49. 1279

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

trustees of the settlement, and any such administration

may he limited in any way the court thinks fit:

Provided that where the deceased died wholly

intestate as to his estate, administration shall —

(a) unless by reason of the insolvency of the estate or

other special circumstances the court thinks it

expedient to grant administration to some other

person, he granted to some one or more of the

persons interested in the residuary estate of the

deceased, if they make an application for the

purpose; and

(b) as regards land settled previously to the death of the deceased, he granted to the trustees, if any,

of the settlement if willing to act.

(2) This section shall apply only in the case of

persons dying after the date of the commencement of this Act, and the High Court in granting administration

in the case of persons dying at any time before that date

shall act in accordance with the principles and rules in

accordance with which it would have acted if this Act

had not passed.

163 . —(1) Where any legal proceedings touching the Administra-

validity of the will of a deceased person, or for obtaining,

recalling or revoking any grant, are pending, the High

Court may grant administration of the estate of the

deceased to an administrator, who shall have all the rights

and powers of a general administrator, other than the

right of distributing the residue of the estate, and every

such administrator shall he subject to the immediate

control of the court and act under its direction.

(2) The court may, out of the estate of the deceased,

assign to an administrator appointed under this section

such reasonable remuneration as the court thinks fit.

164 . —(1/ If at the expiration of twelve months Grant of

from the death of a person any personal representative special ad-

of the deceased to whom a grant has been made is residing

out of the jurisdiction of High Court, the court may, on repre-

the application of any creditor or person interested in the sentative is

estate of the deceased, grant to him in the prescribed a'lroad.

form special administration of the estate of the deceased.

(2) The court may, for the purpose of any legal

proceedings to which the administrator under the special

administration is a party, order the transfer into court

1280

Ch. 49.

Administration during

minority of

executor.

Administration with

will annexed.

Administra '

tion bonds.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

of any money or securities belonging to the estate of the

deceased person, and all persons shall obey any such

order.

(3) If the personal representative capable of acting

as such returns to and resides withia- the jurisdiction of the High Court while any legal proceedings to which a

special administrator is a party are pending, that personal

representative shall be made a party to the legal proceedings, and the costs of and incidental to the special

administration and the legal proceedings shall be paid by

such person and out of such fund as the court in which

the proceedings are pending may direct.

165 . —(1) Where an infant is sole executor of a

will, administration mth the will annexed shall be

granted to his guardian, or to such other person as the

court thinhs fit, until the infant attains the age of twenty-

one years, and on his attaining that age, and not before,

probate of the will may he granted to him.

(2) Where a testator by his will appoints an infant

to be an executor, the appointment shall not operate to

transfer any interest in the property of the deceased

to the infant or to constitute him a personal representative for any purpose unless and until probate is granted

to him under this section.

166 . Subject tO| the provisions of any enactment

relating to special executors in the case of settled land,

administration with the will annexed shall continue to be

granted in every case where such a grant was customary

before the commencement of this Act, and in such case

the will of the deceased shall be performed and observed

in like manner as if probate thereof had been granted to

an executor.

167. —(1) Every person to whom a grant of administration is made shall give a bond (in this section

referred to as " an administration bond ") to the senior

registrar of the Probate Division by the name of " the

principal probate registrar, " and, subject to the provisions of this section, if the principal probate registrar,

or, where the grant was made in a district registry, the

district probate registrar, so requires, with one or more

sureties conditioned for duly collecting, getting in, and

administering the real and personal estate of the deceased.

(2) The principal probate registrar for the time

being shall have power to enforce any administration

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49.

Judicature (Comolidation) Act, 1925.

bond or to assign it in accordance with the provisions of this section to some other person.

(3) ’An administration bond shall be in such form as

may be directed by probate rules and orders.

(4) Where it appears to the satisfaction of the comt

or a judge that the condition of an administration bond

has been broken, the comt or judge may, on an apphca-

tion in that behalf, order that the bond shall be assigned

to such person as may be specified in the order, and the

person to whom the bond is assigned in pursuance of the order shall be entitled to sue thereon in his own

name as if it had been originally given to him instead of

to the principal probate registrar, and to recover thereon

as trustee for all persons interested the full amount

recoverable in respect of the breach of the condition

thereof.

(5) Without prejudice to any proceedings instituted

before the first day of October, nineteen himdred and

twenty-five, any administration bond given before that

date under any enactment repealed by the Administration

of Justice Act, 1925, or which is to be enforceable as

if it had been given under any such enactment, may be

enforced or assigned as if it had been given to the

principal probate registrar under this section.

(6) Nothing in this section shall require the Solicitor

for the affairs of His Majesty’s Treasury or the Solicitor

for the affairs of the Duchy of Lancaster, when applying

for or obtaining administration for the use or benefit

of His Majesty, to give an administration bond.

(7) Probate rules and orders may be made for

providing that sureties to administration bonds shall

not be required when the grant is made to a trust corporation or to two or more individuals, or in any other

proper case.

Mesealing of Grants made in other Countries.

168 . —(1) If a confirmation of the executor of a

person who died domiciled in Scotland, which includes

besides the estate situate in Scotland also personal

estate situate in England, is produced to the High Court,

and a copy thereof deposited in the principal probate

registry, the confirmation shall, if there is inserted therein

or noted thereon a statement signed by the sheriff clerk

to the effect that the deceased died domiciled in Scotland,

4M

1281

Resealing

of Scottish

confirma-

tions.

1282

Ch. 49.

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 41.

39 & 40 Vict,

c. 24 .

Resealing

of Irish

grants.

57 & 58 Vict,

c. 30.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature {Consolidatio^i) Act, 1925.

be sealed with the seal of the principal probate registry

and returned to the person producing it, and shall on

being so sealed have the like effect in England* as if it

were a grant made by the High Court.

(2) The foregoing provisions of this section shall

apply—

(<t) to an additional confirmation granted in a sherift '

court in Scotland of estate situate in England

of a person who died domiciled in Scotland,

whether the original confirmation has been

sealed with the seal of the principal probate

registry or not, and notwithstanding that the

additional inventory confirmed does not contain

any estate of the deceased situate in Scotland;

and

(1) to a confirmation or additional confirmation of

personal estate situate in Scotland which contains or has appended thereto and signed by the

sheriff clerk a note or a statement of funds in

England held by the deceased in trust, being a

note or statement which has been set forth in

any inventory recorded in the books of the court

of which the sheriff clerk is clerk;

as they apply with respect to confirmations which include

personal estate situate in England.

(3) "Where a confirmation granted under the

Intestates Widows and Children (Scotland) Act, 1875,

or the Small Testate Estates (Scotland) Act, 1876, contains

estate in England, the principal probate registrar shall,

on the confirmation being^ sent to him for the purpose by

the commissary clerk or sheriff clerk together with a fee

of two shillings and sixpence, affix thereto the seal of the

principal probate registry.

169 . — (l) If probate or letters of administration

granted by the High Court of Justice in Northern

Ireland is or are produced to the High Court and a

copy thereof is deposited with the principal probate

registry, the grant shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be sealed with the seal of the principal

probate registry, and shall have the like effect in England

as if it had been originally made by the High Court.

(2) Where a grant has been made under section

sixteen of the Einance Act, 1894, by the High Court of

Justice in Northern Ireland in respect of the estate of

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49. 1283

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

any person and there is estate of that person in England,

the principal probate registrar, if the case is one in which

a grant "might have been made under the said section

sixteen in England, shall, subject to the provisions of this

section, on the grant being sent to him for the purpose

together with a fee of two shillings and sixpence, affix

thereto the seal of the principal probate registry.

(3) No grant shall he resealed under the provisions

of this section unless and until there is delivered to the

principal probate registry, together with the grant, an

Inland Revenue affidavit accounting, as on an application for an original grant, for the estate duty, if any,

payable in Great Britain in respect of the personal estate

of which the deceased was competent to dispose at his

death, except that if the estate duty has previously been

paid on a prior certification in Scotland of the grant in

question, the Inland Revenue affidavit shall be endorsed

to that effect by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

(4) Notwithstanding the provisions of section forty-

eight of the Einance (No. 2) Act, 1915, a grant made by 5 & 6 Geo. 5.

the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland shall not c. 89.

have effect with respect to Government stock in England

unless it is re-sealed under the provisions of this section.

(5) This section shall apply to grants in respect of the estates of persons dying on or after the first day of

April, nineteen hundred and twenty-three.

Iliscellaneous.

170. There shall be one place of deposit under the Place of

control of the High Court, at such place in the County deposit of

of London as His Majesty may by Order in Council oqK'nal

direct, in which—

(a) all original wills brought into the High Court or

of which probate or administration with the

will annexed has been granted in the principal

probate registry;

(6) copies of all wills the originals of which are to

be preserved in any district registry; and

(c) such other documents as the High Court may

direct,

shall be deposited and preserved, and in which, subject

to the control of the High Court and to probate rules and

orders, they may be inspected.

4M 2

1284

Cu. 49.

Official

copies of

wills.

Depositories

of wills of

livinijf

persons.

Transmission of

ilocmnents

to High

Court.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

171 . An of&eial copy of the whole or any part of a

will or an official certificate of any grant of administration may, on payment of the prescribed fee, he Obtained

from the registry where the will was proved or the

administration granted. ‘

172 . There shall, under the control and direction of the High Court, he provided safe and convenient depositories for the custody of the wills of living persons, and any

person may deposit his will therein on payment of such

fees and subject to such regulations as may from time

to time he prescribed by the President of the Probate

Division.

173 . -(1) Every person having the custody of

documents which belonged to any court or person who

had jurisdiction, immediately before the commencement

of the Court of Probate Act, 1857, to grant probate or

administration shall, upon receiving a requisition from

any probate registrar under the seal of the principal

probate registry transmit to the principal probate registry

or to any other place mentioned in the requisition, at the

time and in the manner therein mentioned, any one or

more of any documents relating exclusively or principally

to testamentary causes or matters which may be in his

possession or control, and any document so requisitioned

shall be deposited and arranged in the principal probate

registry or the district probate registry, as the case may

be, under the control and direction of the High Court

so as to be easy of reference.

(2) If any person refuses or neglects to comply with

a requisition made under this section he shah, be liable to

a penalty of one hundred pounds, which (together with

the costs of the proceedings) shall be recoverable in the

High Court by a probate registrar.

(3) The Treasury may, out of moneys provided by

Parliament, pay such expenses of arranging, classifying,

indexing, transmitting or otherwise connected with the

removal of documents in consequence of any requisition

under this section as the President of the Prolate Division

may from time to time certify to the Treasury to be

proper and necessary.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in this section, it shall

be lawful for the University of Oxford to retain the

custody of any such documents belonging to the court

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

of the Chancellor of Oxford. University as are included

in the index of which a copy has been transmitted to the priAcipal prohate registrar under section two of the

Oxford University Act, 1860:

Provided that any person shall at all convenient times,

under the authority of a registrar of the principal prohate

registry or of the district probate registrar at Oxford, he

entitled to inspect and to take extracts or copies therefrom

on payment of the same fees as would he payable if the

documents had been deposited in the principal probate

registry or in the district probate registry at Oxford,

and all such fees shall be payable to the persons who

would in that event be entitled to receive them, and no

officer of the University or of the said court shall be

entitled to receive any such fees.

174 . —(1) In the principal probate registry and in

every district probate registry there shall he used such

seal as the President of the Probate Division may from

time to time direct.

(2) All probates, letters of administration, orders and

other instruments and copies thereof and all exemplifications purporting to be sealed with any such seal as

aforesaid shall be received in evidence in all parts of the

United Kingdom without further proof.

175 . —(1)In this Part of this Act, and in the other

provisions of this Act relating to probate causes and

matters, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall have the meaning hereby assigned

to them respectively, that is to say:—

" Administration " includes all letters of administration of the effects of deceased persons, whether

with or without a will annexed, and whether

granted for general, special or limited purposes:

" The court" means the High Court or a judge:

" Estate" means real and personal estate, and the

expression " real estate " includes—

(a) chattels real and land in possession,

remainder or reversion and every interest in or

over land to which the deceased person was

entitled at the time of his death; and

(J) real estate held on trust or by way of

mortgage, whether by demise or sub-demise, or of

security, but not money to arise under a trust for

1285

23 & 24 Vict,

c. 91.

Seals for use

in probate

registries.

Interpretation

of terms in

Part YII.

and saving.

1286

57 & 58 Vict,

c. 30.

15 & 16

Geo. 6. c. 18.

6 Edw. 7.

c. 55.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature { Consolidation) Act, 1925.

sale of land, nor money secured or charged on

land:

" Grant" means a grant of probate or of administration:,

" Inland Revenue af&davit " has the same meaning

as in Part I. of the Finance Act, 1894:

" Non-contentious or common form probate business" means the business of obtaining probate

and administration where there is no contention as to the right thereto, including the

passing of probates and administrations through

the High Court in contentious cases where the

contest has been terminated, and all business

of a non-contentious nature in matters of

testacy and intestacy not being proceedings in

any action, and also the business of lodging

caveats against the grant of probate or administration:

" Prescribed" means prescribed by probate rules and

orders:

" Settled land " and " trustees of the settlement "

have the same meaning as in the Settled Land

Act, 1925:

" Testamentary cause or matter " includes all cases

or matters relating to the grant or revocation of

probate or administration:

" Trust corporation" means the public trustee or a

corporation either appointed by the court in any

particular case to he a trustee or authorised by

rules made under subsection (3) of section four of the Public Trustee Act, 1906, to act as custodian

trustee:

" Will " includes any testamentary instrument of

which probate may be granted.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall operate to extend to

any real estate to which any person dying before the

first day of January, eighteen hundred and ninety-eight,

or any person dying on or after that day and before the

commencement of this Act was entitled, any enactments

or rules of law which did not immediately before the

said first day of January or the commencement of this Act, as the case may be, extend to the real estate of

such a person or to confer on the High Court with respect

to any such real estate any probate jurisdiction which

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49. 1287

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

was not immediately before the said first day of January

or immediately before the commencement of this Act,

as the case may be, vested in the High Court constituted

under the Act of 1873.

(3) The provisions set out in Part; II. of the Fifth

Schedule to this Act shall, subject in the case of a person

dying on or after the first day of January, eighteen hundred

and ninety-eight, and before the commencement of this Act

to the provisions of the Land Transfer Act, 1897, have effect 60 & 61 V^iot

with respect to the probate or revocation of the probate of the will of any person dying as is mentioned in subsection

(2) of this section which affects real estate and with

respect to the evidentiary effect in actions concerning real

estate of probate or administration granted in respect of the estate of a person so dying.

Part VIII.

Matrimonial Causes and Matters.

Divorce and Nullity of Marriage.

176. A petition for divorce may be presented to Grounds fcr

the High Court (in this Part of this Act referred to as petition for

"the court")— divorce.

(a) by a husband on the ground that his wife has *

since the celebration of the marriage been guilty

of adultery; and

(&) by a wife on the ground that her husband has

since the celebration of the marriage been guilty

of rape, or of sodomy or bestiality, or that he

has since the celebration of the marriage and

since the seventeenth day of July, nineteen

hundred and twenty-three, been guilty of

adultery;

Provided that nothing in this Act shall affect

the right of a wife to present a petition for

divorce on any ground on which she might, if

the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1923, had not 13 & 14

passed, have presented such a petition, and on Geo. 6. c. 19.

any petition presented by a ■^e for divorce

on the ground of the adultery and cruelty, or

adultery and desertion, of her husband, the

husband and wife shall be competent and compellable to give evidence with respect to the

cruelty or desertion.

1288

Provision as

to making

adulterer

co-respondent.

Duty of

court on

presentation of

petition.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1926.

177. —(1) On a petition for divorce presented by the

husband or in the answer of a husband praying for

divorce the petitioner or respondent, as the case may be,

shall make the alleged adulterer a co-respondent unless

he is excused by the court on special grounds from so

doing.

(2) On a petition for divorce presented by the

wife the court may, if it thinks fit, direct that the person

with whom the husband is alleged to have committed

adultery be made a respondent.

178 . —(1) On a petition for divorce it shall be the

duty of the court to satisfy itself so far as it reasonably can both as to the facts alleged and also as to

whether the petitioner has been accessory to or has

connived at or condoned the adultery or not, and also

to enquire into any countercharge which is made against

the petitioner.

(2) If on the evidence the court is not satisfied

that the alleged adultery has been committed or find

that the petitioner has during the marriage been

accessory to or has connived at or condoned the adultery

complained of, or that the petition is presented or

prosecuted in collusion with either of the respondents,

the court shall dismiss the petition.

(3) If the court is satisfied on the evidence that

the case for the petition has been proved and does not

find that the petitioner has in any manner been accessory

to or connived at or condoned the adultery or that the

petition is presented or prosecuted in collusion with either

of the respondents, the court shall pronounce a decree of

divorce:

Provided that the court shall not be bound to

pronounce a decree of divorce if it finds that the

petitioner has during the marriage been guilty of

adultery, or if in the opinion of the court he has been

guilty—

(a) of unreasonable delay in presenting or prosecuting

the petition; or

(b) of cruelty towards the other party to the

marriage; or

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1289

(c) of having without reasonable excuse deserted, or

of having without reasonable excuse wilfully

• separated himself or herself from, the other

party before the adultery complained of; or

(d) of such wilful neglect or misconduct as has

conduced to the adultery.

179. In any case in which, on the petition of a

husband for divorce, the alleged adulterer is made a

co-respondent or in which, on the petition of a wife

for divorce, the person with whom the husband is alleged

to have committed adultery is made a respondent, the

court may, after the close of the evidence on the part of the petitioner, direct the co-respondent or the respondent,

as the case may be, to be dismissed from the proceedings

if the court is of opinion that there is not sufficient

evidence against him or her.

180. If in any proceedings for divorce the respondent

opposes the relief sought, in the case of proceedings instituted by the husband, on the groimd of his adultery,

cruelty or desertion, or, in the case of proceedings instituted by the wife, on the ground of her adidtery,

cruelty or desertion, the court may give to the respondent the same rehef to which he or she would have been

entitled if he or she had presented a petition seeking

such relief.

181. In the case of any petition for divorce or for

nulHty of marriage—

(1) The court may, if it thinks fit, direct aU necessary papers in the matter to be sent to His

Majesty’s Proctor, who shall under the directions of the Attorney-General instruct counsel

to argue before the court any question in

relation to the matter which the court deems to

be necessary or expedient to have fuUy argued,

and His Majesty’s Proctor shall be entitled to

charge the costs of the proceedings as part of the expenses of his office:

(2) Any person may at any time during the progress

of the proceedings or before the decree nisi is

made absolute give information to His Majesty’s

Proctor of- any matter material to the due

Dismissal of

respondent

or corespondent

from proceedings.

Relief to

respondent

on petition

for divorce.

Duties of

King’s

Proctor.

1290

Provisions as

to costs

where King’s

Proctor intervenes or

shows cause.

Decree nisi

for divorce

or nullity of

marriage.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

decision of the case, and His Majesty’s Proctor

may thereupon take such steps as the Attorney-

General considers necessary or expedieiffc:

(3) If in consequence of any such information or

otherwise His Majesty’s Proctor suspects that,

any parties to the petition are or have been

acting in collusion for the purpose of obtaining

a decree contrary to the justice of the case, he

may, under the direction of the Attorney-

General, after obtaining the leave of the court,

intervene and retain counsel and subpoena

witnesses to prove the alleged collusion.

182. —(1) Where His Majesty’s Proctor intervenes or

shows cause against a decree nisi in any proceedings for

divorce or for nullity of marriage, the court may make

such order as to the payment by other parties to the

proceedings of the coats incurred by him in so doing or

as to the payment by him of any costs incurred by any

of the said parties by reason of his so doing, as may

seem just.

(2) So far as the reasonable costs incurred by His

Majesty’s Proctor in so intervening or showing cause

are not fully satisfied by any order made under this

section for the payment of his costs, he shall be entitled

to charge the difference as part of the expenses of his

office, and the Treasury may, if they think fit, order

that any costs which under any order made by the

court under this section His Majesty’s Proctor pays to

any parties shall be deemed to be part of the expenses

of his office.

183. —(1) Every decree for a divorce or for nullity of

marriage shall, in the first instance, be a decree nisi not

to be made absolute until after the expiration of six

months from the pronouncing thereof, unless the court

by general or special order from time to time fixes a

shorter time.

(2) After the pronouncing of the decree nisi and

before the decree is made absolute, any person may, in

the prescribed manner, show cause why the decree should

not be made absolute by reason of the decree having

been obtained by collusion or by reason of material

facts not having been brought before the court, and in

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1291

any such case the court may make the decree absolute,

reverse the decree nisi, require further inquiry or otherwise deal with the case as the court thinks fit.

184. —(1) As soon as any decree for divorce is made Re-marriage

absolute, either of the parties to the marriage may, if of divorced

there is no right of appeal against the decree absolute. Persons,

marry again as if the prior marriage had been dissolved

by death or, if there is such a right of appeal, may so

marry again, if no appeal is presented against the decree,

as soon as the time for appealing has expired, or, if an

appeal is so presented, as soon as the appeal has been

dismissed:

Provided that it shall not be lawful for a man to

marry the sister or half-sister of his divorced wife or of

his wife by whom he has been divorced during the

lifetime of the wife, or the divorced wife of his brother

or half-brother or the wife of his brother or half-brother

who has divorced his brother during the hfetime of the

brother or half-brother.

(2) No clergyman of the Church of England shall

be compelled to solemnise the marriage of any person

whose former marriage has been dissolved on the ground

of his or her adultery, or shall be liable to any proceedings, penalty or censure for solemnising or refusing

to solemnise the marriage of any such person.

(3) If any minister of any church or chapel of the

Church of England refuses to perform the marriage

service between any persons who but for his refusal

would be entitled to have the service performed in that

church or chapel, he shall permit any other minister of the

Church of England entitled to officiate within the diocese

in which the church or chapel is situate to perform the

marriage service in that church or chapel.

Judicial Separation and Restitution of Conjugal

Rights.

185. —(1) A petition for judicial separation may be Decree for

presented to the court either by the husband or the wife judicial

on the ground of adultery or cruelty, desertion without separation

cause for not less than two years, failure to comply with a

decree for restitution of conjugal rights, or on any

ground on which a decree for divorce a mensfl- et thoro

1292

Ch. 49.

20 A-21 Vict,

o. 85.

Decree for

restitution

of conjugal

rights.

Periodical

payments in

Ueu of

attachment.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

might have been pronounced immediately before the

commencement of the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1857.

(2) The court may, on being satisfied that the

allegations contained in the petition are true and that

there is no legal ground why the petition should not be

granted, make a decree for judicial separation, and any

such decree shall have the same force and effect as a decree

for divorce a mensa et thoro had immediately before the

commencement of the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1857.

(3) The court may, on the application by petition of the husband or wife against whom a decree for judicial

separation has been made, and on being satisfied that the

allegations contained in the petition are true, reverse the

decree at any time after the making thereof, on the

ground that it was obtained in the absence of the person

making the application, or, if desertion was the ground

of the decree, that there was reasonable cause for the

alleged desertion.

(4) The reversal of a decree for judicial separation

shall not affect the rights or remedies which any other

person would have had if the decree had not been

reversed in respect of any debts, contracts or acts of the

wife incurred, entered into or done between the date

of the decree and of the reversal thereof.

186. A petition for restitution of conjugal rights

may be presented to the court either by the husband or

the wife, and the court, on being satisfied that the

allegations contained in the petition are true, and that

there is no legal groimd why a decree for restitution of

conjugal rights should not be granted, may make the

decree accordingly.

187. —(1) A decree for restitution of conjugal rights

shall not be enforced by attachment, but where the

application is by the wife the court, at the time of making

the decree or at any time afterwards, may, in the event

of the decree not being complied with within any time

in that behalf limited by the court, order the respondent to make to the petitioner such periodical payments

as may be just, and the order may be enforced in the

same manner as an order for alimony in proceedings for

judicial separation.

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. -19. 1293

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

(2) The court may, if it thinks fit, order that the

husband shall, to the satisfaction of the court, secure to the wife-the periodical payments, and for that purpose

may direct that it shall be referred to one of the conveyancing counsel of the court to settle and approve a

proper deed or instrument to be executed by all necessary

parties.

Legitimacy Declarations.

188.—(1) Any person who is a natural-born subject Declaration

of His Majesty, or whose right to be deemed a natural- legiti-

born subject of His Majesty depends wholly or in part

on his legitimacy or on the validity of any marriage, may,

if he is domiciled in England or Northern Ireland or

claims any real or personal estate situate in England,

apply by petition to the court for a decree declaring that

the petitioner is the legitimate child of his parents, and

that the marriage of his father and mother or of his

grandfather and grandmother was a vahd marriage or

that his own marriage was a valid marriage.

(2) Any person who is so domiciled or claims as

aforesaid, may apply to the court for a decree declaring

his right to be deemed a natural-born subject of His

Majesty.

(3) Applications under subsections (1) and (2) of this section may be included in the same petition and

on any such application the court shall make such decree

as the court thinks just, and the decree shall be binding

on His Majesty and aU other persons whatsoever:

Provided that the decree of the court shall not

prejudice any person-—

(i) if it is subsequently proved to have been obtahicd

by fraud or collusion; or

(ii) unless that person has been cited or made a party

to the proceedings or is the heir-at-law, next

of Idn, or other real or personal representative

of, or derives title under or through, a person so

cited or made a party.

(4) A copy of every petition under this section and

of any affidavit accompanying the petition shall be

delivered to the Attorney-General at least one month

before the petition is presented or filed, and the Attorney-

General shall be a respondent on the hearing of the

1294

Damages.

Alimony.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

petition and on any subsequent proceedings relating

thereto.

(5) In any application under this section such persons

shall, subject to rules of court, be cited to see proceedings

or otherwise summoned as the court* shall think fit, and

any such persons may be permitted to become parties to the proceedings and to oppose the application.

(6) The provisions of this Act relating to matrimonial

causes shall, so far as applicable, extend to any proceedings under this section.

(7) No proceedings under this section shall affect

any final judgment or decree already pronounced or

made by any court of competent jurisdiction.

Miscellaneous.

189. —(1) A husband may on a petition for divorce

or for judicial separation or for damages only, claim

damages from any person on the ground of adultery

with the wife of the petitioner.

(2) A claim for damages on the ground of adultery

shall, subject to the provisions of any enactment relating

to trial by jury in the court, be tried on the same

principles and in the same manner as actions for criminal

conversation were tried immediately before the commencement of the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1857, and

the provisions of this Act with reference to the hearing

and decision of petitions shall so far as may be necessary

apply to the hearing and decision of petitions on which

damages are claimed.

(3) The court may direct in what manner the

damages recovered on any such petition are to be paid

or applied, and may direct the whole or any part of the

damages to be settled for the benefit of the children,

if any, of the marriage, or as a provision for the

maintenance of the wife.

190. —(1) The court may, if it thinks fit, on any

decree for divorce or nullity of marriage, order that the

husband shall, to the satisfaction of the court, secure to the wife such gross sum of money or annual sum of money

for any term, not exceeding her life, as having regard to

1925. Supreme Court of Ch, 49. 1295

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

her fortune, if any, to the ability of her husband and to the conduct of the parties, the court may deem to be

reasonable, and the court may for that purpose order

that it shall be referred to one of the conveyancing

counsel of the court to settle and approve a proper deed

or instrument, to be executed by aU the necessary

parties, and may, if it thinks fit, suspend the pronouncing of the decree until the deed or instrument has

been duly executed.

(2) In any such case as aforesaid the court may, if

it thinks fit, by order, either in addition to or instead

of an order under subsection (1) of this section, direct

the husband to pay to the wife during the joint lives of the husband and wife such monthly or weekly sum for

her maintenance and support as the court may think

reasonable:

Provided that—

(a) if the husband, after any such order has been

made, becomes from any cause unable to

make the payments, the court may discharge

or modify the order, or temporarily suspend

the order as to the whole or any part of the

money ordered to be paid, and subsequently

revive it wholly or in part as the court thinks

fit; and

(6) where the court has made any such order as

is mentioned in this subsection and the court

is satisfied that the means of the husband

have increased, the court may, if it thinks

fit, increase the amount payable under the

order.

(3) On any petition for divorce or nullity of marriage

the court shall have the same power to make interim

orders for the payment of money by way of alimony or

otherwise to the wife as the court has in proceedings

for judicial separation.

(4) Where any decree for restitution of conjugal

rights or judicial separation is made on the application

of the wife, the court may make such order for alimony

as the court thinks just.

(5) In aU cases where the court makes an order for

alimony, the court may direct the alimony to be paid

1296

Ch. 19.

Power of

court to

order settlement of

wife’s

property.

Power of

court to

make orders

as to application of

settled

property.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

5.

either to the wife or to a trustee approved by the court

on her behalf, and may impose such terms or restrictions

as the court thinks expedient, and may from time to time

appoint a new trustee if for any reason it appears to the

court expedient so to do. ‘

191. —(1) If it appears to the court in any case m

which the court pronounces a decree for divorce or for

judicial separation by reason of the adultery of the wife

that the wife is entitled to any property either in possession or reversion, the court may, if it thinks fit,

order such settlement as it thinks reasonable to be made

of the property, or any part thereof, for the benefit of the innocent party, and of the children of the marriage

or any or either of them.

Any instrument made under any order of the

court made imder this section shall be valid and effectual,

notwithstanding the existence of coverture at the time

of the execution thereof.

(2) Where the application for restitution of conjugal

rights is by the husband, and it appears to the court that

the wife is entitled to any property, either in possession

or reversion, or is in receipt of any profits of trade or

earnings, the court may, if it thinks fit, order a settlement to be made to the satisfaction of the court of the

property or any part thereof for the benefit of the

petitioner and of the children of the marriage or either

or any of them or may order such part of the profits of

trade or earnings, as the court thinks reasonable, to be

periodically paid by the respondent to the petitioner for

his own benefit, or to the petitioner or any other person

for the benefit of the children of the marriage, or either

or any of them.

192. The court may after pronouncing a decree for

divorce or for nullity of marriage enquire into the existence

of ante-nuptial or post-nuptial settlements made on the

parties whose marriage is the subject of the decree, and

may make such orders with reference to the application

of the whole or any part of the property settled either for

the benefit of the children of the marriage or of the

parties to the marriage, as the court thinks fit, and the

court may exercise the powers conferred by this subsection notwithstanding that there are no children of the marriage.

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1297

193. —(1) In any proceedings for divorce or nullity of

marriage or judicial separation, the court may from time

to time, either before or by or after the final decree,

make such provision as appears just with respect to the

custody, maintenance and education of the children, the

marriage of whose parents is the subject of the proceedings,

or, if it thinks fit, direct proper proceedings to be

taken for placing the children under the protection of the court.

(2) On an application made in that behalf the

court may, at any time before final decree, in any proceedings for restitution of conjugal rights, or, if the

respondent fails to comply therewith, after final decree,

make from time to time all such orders and provisions

with respect to the custody, maintenance and education

of the children of the petitioner and respondent as might

have been made by interim orders if proceedings for

judicial separation had been pending between the same

parties.

194. —(1) In every case of judicial separation—

(a) the wife shall, as from the date of the decree

and so long as the separation continues, be

considered as a feme sole with respect to any

property which she may acquire or which

may devolve upon her, and any such property

may be disposed of by her in all respects as

a feme sole and if she dies intestate shall

devolve as if her husband had been then

dead; and

(b) the wife shall, during the separation, be

considered as a feme sole for the purpose of

contract and wrongs and injuries, and of

suing and being sued, and the husband shall

not be liable in respect of her contracts or

for any wrongful act or omission by her or

for any costs she incurs as plaintiff or

defendant:

Provided that—

(i) where on any judicial separation

alimony has been ordered to be paid

and has not been duly paid by the

husband, he shall be liable for necessaries

supplied for the use of the wife;

4N

Custody of

children.

Wife’s pro *

perty in case

of judicial

separation.

1298

Protection

of third

parties.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

(ii) if the wife returns to cohabitation

with her husband, any property to which

she is entitled at the date of her return

shall, subject to any agreement in writing

made between herseK and her husband

while separate, be her separate property:

(iii) nothing in this section shall prevent

the \i^e from joining at any time during

the separation in the exercise of any joint

power given to herself and her husband.

(2) In any case where the decree for judicial

separation is obtained by the wife, any property to

which she is entitled for an estate in remainder or

reversion at the date of the decree, and any property

to which she becomes entitled as executrix, administratrix

or trustee after the date of the decree, shall be deemed

to be property to which this section applies, and for the

purpose aforesaid the death of the testator or intestate

shall be deemed to be the date when the wife became

entitled as executrix or administratrix.

195.—(1) Where a wife obtains a decree for judicial

separation, the decree shall, so far as may be necessary

for the protection of any person dealing with the wife, be

valid and effectual until discharged, and the discharge or

variation of the decree shall not affect any rights or

remedies which any person would have had, if the decree

had not been discharged or varied, in respect of any

debts, contracts or acts of the wife incurred, entered

into or done during the period between the date of the

decree and the discharge or variation thereof.

(2) Any person who, in reliance on any such decree

as aforesaid, makes any payment to or permits any

transfer or act to be made or done by the wife, shall,

notwithstanding the subsequent discharge or variation

of the decree, or the fact that the separation has ceased

or has been discontinued, be protected and indemnified

in the same way in all respects as if at the time of the payment, transfer or other act the decree were valid

and still subsisting without variation in full force and

effect, or the separation had not ceased or been discontinued, as the case may be, unless at that time

that person had notice of the discharge or variation of

Ch. 49.

1299

1925. Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

the decree or that the separation had ceased or been

discontinued.

196 . The court may from time to time vary or modify Power to

any order for the periodical payment of money made vary orders,

under the provisions of this Act relating to matrimonial

causes and matters either by altering the times of payment or by increasing or diminishing the amount, or may

temporarily suspend the order as to the whole or any

part of the money ordered to be paid, and subsequently

revive it wholly or in part, as the court thinks just.

197 . In every case in which any person is charged Power to

with adultery with any party to a suit or in which the allow inter-

court may consider, in the interest of any person not on

already a party to the suit, that that person should be

made a party to the suit, the court may, if it thinks fit,

allow that person to intervene upon such terms, if any,

as the court thinks just.

198 . The parties to any proceedings instituted Evidence,

in consequence of adultery and the husbands and wives

of the parties shall be competent to give evidence in

the proceedings, but no witness in any such proceedings,

whether a party thereto or not, shall be liable to be

asked or be bound to answer any question tending to

show that he or she has been guilty of adultery uifiess

he or she has already given evidence in the same

proceedings in disproof of the alleged adultery.

199 . —(1) A Secretary of State may order any judge. Power of

registrar or other officer of any ecclesiastical court in Secretary of

England or the Isle of Man, or any other person having

the public custody or control of any records, books, docu-

ments or other instruments relating to matrimonial betrans-

causes and matters, to transmit the same at such times, mitted

and in such manner, and to such places in London or horn ecclesi-

Westminster, and subject to such regulations, as the

Secretary of State may appoint.

(2) If any person -wilfully disobeys an order made

under this section he shall for the first offence forfeit the

sum of one hundred pounds to be recoverable as a

debt in the court by any registrar of the principal

probate registry, and for a second or any subsequent

offence the court may, by a warrant of committal

countersigned by a Secretary of State, commit the person

4N 2

1300

Ch. 49.

Seal of court

for use in

matrimonial

causes.

Power by

Order in

Council to

confer jurisdiction on

inferior

courts.

Powers of

inferior

courts

having

equity and

admiralty

jurisdiction.

Counterclaims in

inferior

courts, and

transfers

therefrom.

Supreme Court of 16 & 16 Geo. 6.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1926.

so offending to prison for any period not exceeding

three months.

200.—(1) The seal of the court to be used in

respect of its jurisdiction in matrimonial causes and

matters shall be such as the Lord Chancellor may from

time to time direct.

(2) All decrees and orders of the court, or copies

thereof, made in pursuance of the said jtirisdiction

shall, if purporting to be sealed with the said seal, be

received in evidence in all parts of the United Kingdom

without further proof.

Part IX.

Jurisdiction oe Inferior Courts.

201. His Majesty may from time to time by Order

in Council confer on any inferior court of civil jurisdiction

the same jurisdiction in equity and in admiralty respectively as any county court has, and that, jurisdiction, if

and when conferred, shall be exercised in manner directed

by this Act.

202. Every inferior court which has jurisdiction in

equity, or at law and in equity, and in admiralty respectively, shall, as regards all causes of action within

its jurisdiction for the time being, grant in any proceeding before it such relief, redress or remedy, or

combination of remedies, either absolute or conditional,

and shall in every such proceeding give such and the like

effect to every ground of defence or counter-claim,

equitable or legal (subject to the provisions of the next

following section), as ought to be granted or given in

the like case by the High Court and in as full and ample

a manner.

203. Where in any proceeding before any such

inferior court any defence or counter-claim of the

defendant involves matter beyond the jurisdiction of the

court, the defence or counter-claim shall not affect

the competence or the duty of the court to dispose of the whole matter in controversy so far as relates to the

demand of the plaintiff and the defence thereto, hut no

relief exceeding that which the court has jurisdiction to

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49. 1301

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

administer shall he given to the defendant upon any such

counter-claim:

i#

Provided that—

(1) It shall be lawful for the High Court, or any

Division or jndge thereof, if it be thought fit, on

the application of any party to the proceeding, to

order that the whole proceeding be transferred

from the inferior court to the High Court or

to any Division, and in such case the record

in the proceeding shall be transmitted by the

registrar or other proper officer of the inferior

court to the High Court, and the proceeding

shall thenceforth be continued and prosecuted in

the High Court as if it had been originally

commenced therein:

(2) The jurisdiction of an inferior court in cases of

counter-claim shall not he excluded—

(a) by reason that the counter-claim involves

matter not within the local jurisdiction of that

court, but within the jurisdiction of any other

inferior court in England; or

(6) where the counter-claim involves two

or more causes of action as to each of

which the defendant might have maintained a

separate action and each of which is within

the jurisdiction of the court, by reason that

the aggregate amount of the counter-claim

exceeds the jurisdiction of the court; or

(c) by reason that the counter-claim is for

an amount of money exceeding the jurisdiction

of the court, unless the plaintiff, within the

prescribed time, objects in writing to relief

being given by the court in excess of the

relief which the court would before the

twenty-fourth day of October, eighteen hundred and eighty-four, have had jurisdiction

to administer:

(3) In any case where the counter-claim involves

matter beyond the jurisdiction of the court,

the court, notwithstanding the provisions of this section, may, on such terms, if any, as

the court thinks just, either adjourn the hearing

of the case or stay execution on the judgment

1302

Ch. 49.

Power to

transfer interpleader

proceedings

to county

court.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 43.

9&10 Geo.5.

c. 73.

Transfer to

county

court of

money

recovered in

High Court

by infants,

&c.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

for sucIl time as may be necessary to enable any

party to apply to remove the proceedings into the

High Court or to enable the defendant *bo take

proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction

for the purpose of establishing his counterclaim, and in default of any such application

being made or any such action being brought,

the court shall, after the expiration of the time

limited, have jurisdiction to hear and determine

the whole matter in controversy to the same

extent as if all parties had consented thereto.

204. If it appears to the court or a judge that any

proceeding in the High Court by way of interpleader, in

which the amount or value of the matter in dispute does

not exceed the sum of five hundred pounds, may be more

conveniently tried and determined in a county court, the

court or judge may at any time order the transfer thereof

to any county court in which an action or proceeding

might have been brought by any party to the interpleader

against any other party thereto if there had been a trust

to be executed concerning the matter in question, and

every such order shall have the same effect as if it had

been for the transfer of an action or matter under section

sixty-nine of the County Courts Act, 1888, as amended by

section four of the County Courts Act, 1919, and the county

court shall have jurisdiction and authority to proceed

therein, as may be prescribed by county court rules.

205.—(1) Where in any cause or matter in the

King’s Bench Division or in an admiralty ^.ction in the

Probate Division money is in any manner recovered by or

on behalf of, or adjudged or ordered to be paid to or for the

benefit of, a person who is an infant or of unsound mind,

the High Court or a judge may order the money or any

part thereof to be paid into or transferred to the county

court of the district in which that person resides or such

other county court as the High Court or judge may order,

and the money or the part thereof to which the order

relates shall thereupon be paid or transferred accordingly,

and shall, subject to any special order or direction of the

High Court or a judge and to county court rules, be

invested, applied or otherwise dealt wo.th for the benefit

of that person in such manner as the county court in its

discretion thinks fit.

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49. 1303

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

(2) The provisions of this section shall apply to

money which in proceedings under the Fatal Accidents

Acts, 1846 to 1908, is recovered by or adjudged or

ordered to be paid to the widow of the person killed

as they apply to money recovered by or adjudged or

ordered to be paid to an infant.

(3) The Lord Chancellor may, with the concurrence

of the Treasury, by order prescribe the fees to be charged

in respect of the payment and investment of money or

the application thereof or dealing therewith under this

section.

* (4) Where before the first day of October, nineteen

hundred and twenty-five, money recovered in any cause

or matter in the King’s Bench Division by or on behalf of a

person who is an infant or of tmsound mind has been paid to the Public Trustee, it shall be lawful for the Public Trustee

to pay that money, or so much of it as remains in his

possession into the coimty court of the district in which

that person resides, and money so transferred shall be

invested, applied or dealt with in the same manner as if

it had been paid into the county court under subsection (1)

of this section.

(5) County court rules may be made for the purpose

of carrying into effect the provisions of this section so

far as they relate to the receipt of money into county

courts and the investment thereof or application thereof

or dealing therewith and the duties of registrars of

county courts, and any such rules may provide for

the transfer of money paid into a county court under

this section or the investment representing any such

money from one county court to another.

(6) Any order made by the Lord Chancellor under

this section may be revoked, varied or amended by a

subsequent order so made.

206. Where by virtue of any statute or charter or Rules for

otherwise powers of making rules and orders for inferior

regulating the procedure or practice of or the costs

or fees in any inferior court of civil jurisdiction are

given to or have been exercised by the judge of any

such court or any other person, either solely or jointly

with any other person, and either with or without the

concurrence of any judge of the Supreme Court or any

other person, any rules or orders made by virtue of any

1304

Power to

apply Act

and rules.

Appeal from

inferior court

of record.

Application

of certain

repealed

enactments

in local

courts.

46 & 47 Vict,

c. 49.

Council of

judges to

consider

operation of

Act, &c.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1926.

of those powers shall he subject to the concurrence

of the authority for the time being empowered to make

rules of court under this Act: •

Provided that the same authority may alter or annul

any rule or order made before the twenty-fourth day of

October, eighteen hundred and eighty-four, as to the

matters aforesaid in any such court.

207 . His Majesty may from time to time by Order

in Council extend to any inferior court of civil jurisdiction

any of the provisions of this Act relating to practice or

procedure or of the rules of the Supreme Court with such

modifications as may be necessary or desirable.

208 . His Majesty may from time to time by Order

in Council direct that the enactments relating to

appeals from county courts shall apply to any other

inferior court of record, and those enactments, subject

to any exceptions, conditions and limitations contained

in the Order, shall apply accordingly as from the date

mentioned in the Order.

209 . If and in so far as any enactment repealed by

the Statute Law Revision and Civil Procedure Act,

1883, applies, or may have been applied by Order in

Council, to the Court of the County Palatine of Lancaster, or to any inferior court of civil jurisdiction, that

enactment shall be construed as if it were contained

in a local and personal Act specially relating to that

court, and shall have effect accordingly.

Part X.

Miscellaneous Provisions.

210 . —(1) A council of the judges of the Supreme

Court, of which due notice shall be given to all the said

judges, shall assemble once at least in every year, on such

day or days as shall be fixed by the Lord Chancellor with

the concurrence of the Lord Chief Justice, for the

purpose of considering the operation of this Act and

of any rules of court, and also the working of the several

offices and the arrangements relative to the duties of the

officers of the Supreme Court, and of enquiring and

examining into any defects which may appear to exist in

the system of procedure or the administration of the law

in the High Court or the Court of Appeal, or in any other

1925. Supreme Court of Ch, 49.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

court from which any appeal lies to the High Court or

any judge thereof or to the Court of Appeal.

(2) ^he said council shall report annually to a

Secretary of State what amendments or alterations, if

any, it would in their judgment he expedient to make in

this Act, or otherwise relating to the administration of

justice, and what other provisions, if any, which cannot

he carried into effect without the authority of Parliament it would he expedient to make for the better

administration of justice.

(3) The Lord Chancellor may convene at any time an

extraordinary council of the judges.

211 . When the Great Seal is in commission, the

Lords Commissioners shall represent the Lord Chancellor

for the purposes of this Act:

Provided that the powers vested in the Lord Chancellor by this Act in relation to—

(a) the presidency of the Court of Appeal;

(b) the appointment or approval of ofiBicers;

(tj) the approval of any order for the removal of

ofldcers;

(d) any other act to which the concurrence or

presence of the Lord Chancellor is by this A.ct

made necessary;

may be exercised by the senior Lord Commissioner for

the time being.

212 . Every Order in Council, (other than an Order

in Council altering the number of the Divisions or of the judges attached to any Division), rule (other than a

rule made in pursuance of the provisions of this Act

for facilitating the production of documents filed in

or in the custody of the central office) or regulation

made under this Act and by this Act required to be laid

before Parliament shall be laid before each House of

Parliament within one month after it is made, if Parliament is then sitting, or, if Parliament is not then sitting,

within one month after the commencement of the next

session of Parliament, and if either House before the

expiration of forty days on which that House has sat

next after the Order in Council, rule or regulation is

laid before it presents an address to His Majesty praying

1305

Lords Commissioners to

represent

Lord Chancellor when

Great Seal in

commission.

Provision as

to laying

Orders in

Council, rules

and regulations before

Parliament.

1306

Ch. 49.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

that the Order in Council, rule or regulation may be

annulled, His Majesty may by Order in Council annul

it, and it shall thenceforth be void, but witWbut prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder.

Fixing of 213.— (l) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the

Chancellor, with the advice and consent of the

Court of judges of the Supreme Court or any three of them, and

Appeal. with the concurrence of the Treasury, may by order fix

the fees and percentages to be taken in the High Court

or in the Court of Appeal or in any court created by

any commission or in any office which is connected with

any of those courts, or in which any business connected

with any of those Courts is conducted, or by any officer

paid wholly or partly out of public moneys who is

attached to any of those courts or the Supreme Court

or any judge of those courts, and may from time to

time by order increase, reduce or abolish all or any of

such fees and percentages, and appoint new fees and

percentages to be taken in the said courts or offices or

any of them, or by any such officer as aforesaid.

(2) Provision for imposing or fixing the amount of

any fees to be taken in connection with proceedings in

the Supreme Court which might before the commencement of the Administration of Justice Act, 1925, have

been imposed or fixed by rules of court may, except in

the case of the fees to be taken in connection with

non-contentious probate business, be imposed or fixed by

means of orders under this section.

(3) Any order made in pursuance of this section

shall have effect as if enacted in this Act.

(4) The Treasury, with the concurrence of the Lord

Chancellor, may make such rules as they may think fit

for publishing the amount of the fees.

(5) An order under this section may abolish any

former fees and percentages which may be taken in the

said courts or offices, or any of them, or by the said

officers or any of them, but, subject to the provisions of

any order made in pursuance of this section, the former

fees and percentages shall continue to be taken, applied

and accounted for in the same manner as formerly.

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1307

214. —(1) The Lord Chancellor shall cause to he

prepared annually an account for the year ending the

thirty-firs^ day of March, showing the receipts and

expenditure during the preceding year in respect of the

High Court and the Court of Appeal, and of any court,

office or officer, the fees taken in which or by whom can

be fixed in pursuance of this Act.

(2) The account shall he made out in such form and

contain such particulars as the Treasury, with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, may from time to time

direct.

(3) Every officer by whom or in whose office fees are

taken which can be fixed in pursuance of this Act shall

make such returns and give such information as the

Lord Chancellor may from time to time require for the

purpose of enabling him to make out the said account.

(4) The said account shall be laid before both Houses

of Parliament within one month-after the thirty-first day

of March in each year, if Parliament is then sitting, or

if Parliament is not then sitting, within one month after

the next meeting of Parliament.

215. —(1) Any person duly admitted as a solicitor of the Supreme Court shall he an officer of the Court, and

the High Court and the Court of Appeal respectively, or

any Division or judge thereof, may exercise the same

jurisdiction in respect of solicitors as any one of Her

late Majesty’s superior courts of law or equity might

formerly have exercised in respect of any solicitor,

attorney or proctor admitted to practice therein.

(2) References in any enactment to solicitors,

attorneys or proctors, shall he construed as references to

solicitors of the Supreme Court, and the officer formerly

known as the registrar of attorneys and solicitors shall he

called the registrar of solicitors.

(3) The powers relating to solicitors vested in the

Master of the Rolls jointly with any other judge by

the Solicitors Act, 1843, the Solicitors Act, 1860, and

the Solicitors Act, 1877, and any Act amending those

Acts, shall he vested in the Master of the Rolls, with the

concurrence of the Lord Chancellor and the Lord Chief

Justice, or (in case of difference) of one of them, and

anything required by those Acts to be done to or before

Annual

account of

fees and

expenditure.

Provisions

as to

solicitors.

6 & 7 Vict,

c. 73.

23 & 24 Vict,

c. 127.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 25.

1308

Ch. 49.

Fees of commissioners

for oaths

and registrar

of solicitors.

23 & 24 Vict,

c. 127.

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 10.

Conveyancing counsel

of court.

Enrolment

and engrossment of

instruments.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5,

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

any judge jointly with the Master of the Rolls, may he

done to or before the Master of the Rolls, the Lord

Chancellor and the Lord Chief Justice. *

216 . —(1) Such fees shall be chargeable—■

(a) by commissioners for oaths in respect of the

administration of an oath or the taking of an

affidavit; and

(i) by the registrar of solicitors in respect of the

registration imder section thirty of the Solicitors

Act, 1860, of any authority or appointment;

as may be prescribed by the Lord Chancellor by order

made with the concurrence of the Lord Chief Justice and

the Master of the Rolls.

(2) Any order made under this section may be

revoked or varied by a subsequent order so made.

(3) In this section the expression "affidavit " has

the same meaning as in the Commissioners for Oaths

Act, 1889.

217 . —(1) The conveyancing counsel of the court

shall be conveyancing counsel in actual practice who

have practised as such for ten years at least.

(2) The conveyancing counsel of the court shall not

be less than six in nufnber and shall be appointed by the

Lord Chancellor.

(3) Business shall be distributed among the conveyancing coimsel in such order and manner as the Lord

Chancellor thinks fit.

218 . —(1) The Master of the Rolls may, subject to the provisions of this section, make regulations—

(a) for authorising and regulating the enrolment or

filing of deeds in the Supreme Court and for

prescribing the form in which certificates of

enrolment or filing are to be granted; and

(6) prescribing the fees to be paid on the enrolment

or filing of any deed, including any additional

fees payable on the enrolment or filing of any

deed out-of-time:

Provided that regulations shall not be made under

paragraph (a) of this subsection so as to affect or prejudice

in any manner the operation of any enactment requiring

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49. 1309

Jtidicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

or authorising the enrolment in the Supreme Court of any

deed or prescribing the manner in which any deed is to be

so enrolled, and shall not be made under paragraph (5)

of this subsection without the concurrence of the

Treasury,

(2) Any instrument which is required or authorised

under or in pursuance of the provision of any enactment

to be enrolled or engrossed or enrolled and engrossed in

any manner in the Supreme Court shall be deemed to

have been duly enrolled, engrossed, or enrolled and

engrossed in accordance with those provisions if it is

written on such material and has been filed or otherwise

preserved in such manner as the Master of the Rolls

may by order direct.

(3) Every regulation made under this section shall

be laid before Parliament.

(4) In this section the expression "deeds " includes

assurances and other instruments.

219. —(1) An instrument creating a power of Deposit of

attorney, the execution of which has been verified by f»iginai in-

affidavit, statutory declaration or other sufficient evidence, g^eatin" *

may, with the affidavit or declaration, if any, be deposited j, owei""of

in the central office, attorney.

(2) A separate file of instruments so deposited shall

be kept, and any person may search that file, and inspect

every instrument so deposited, and an office copy thereof

shall be delivered out to him on request.

(3) A copy of an instrument so deposited may be

presented at the office, and may be stamped or marked as,

and when so stamped and marked shall become, an office

copy.

(4) An office copy of an instrument so deposited

shall without further proof be sufficient evidence of the

contents of the instrument and of the deposit thereof in

the central office.

(5) Rules of court may be made for the purposes of this section regulating the practice of the central office

and prescribing, with the concurrence of the Treasury,

the fees to be taken therein.

220. —(1) Rules may be made under this section Provision

for providing that, in any case where a document filed forfacilitat-

in or in the custody of any department of the central P^o-

office is required to be produced to any court or tribunal ^ocumente

(including an umpire or arbitrator) sitting elsewhere than in or in

1310

custody of

central

office.

Power of

masters to

sell by auction under

order of High

Court without licence.

8 & 9 Vict,

c. 15.

Name of

Law Courts.

28 & 29 Vict,

c. 48.

28 & 29 Vict,

c. 49.

Presentation

and swearing

of Lord

Mayor of

London.

Ch. 49. Sv/preme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 6.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

at the Royal Courts of Justice, it shall not be necessary

for an officer of the department, whether served with a

subpoena in that behalf or not, to attend for thfe purpose

of producing the document, and that the document may

he produced to the court or tribuiml by sending it by

registered post, together with a certificate in the form

prescribed by the rules to the effect that the document

has been filed in, or is in the custody of, the department,

to such judge or officer of the court as may be so prescribed, and any such certificate shall be prima facie

evidence of the facts stated therein.

(2) Rules made under this section may contain

provisions for securing the safe custody and return to the

proper department of the central office of any document

sent to a court or tribunal in pursuance of the rules, and

such other provisions as appear to the rule-making

authority necessary or expedient for carrying this section

into effect.

(3) Rules for the purposes of this section may be

made by the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice

and the senior master of the Supreme Court (King’s

Bench Division), and all such rules shall be laid before

Parliament.

221. Any master of the Supreme Court (Chancery

Division), or any person appointed in that behalf by any

such master, may, without any licence as an auctioneer

and without being liable to the duty imposed by the

Auctioneers Act, 1845, or any other Act in force at

the commencement of this Act, sell under the order

of the High Court any goods or chattels, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any interests therein.

222. The buildings erected under the Courts of

Justice Building Act, 1865, and the Courts of Justice

Concentration (Site) Act, 1865, together with all

additions thereto, shall be styled " The Royal Courts of

Justice."

223. The presentation and swearing of the Lord

Mayor of the City of London shall take place in the

King’s Bench Division, or before the judges of that

Division, on the ninth day of November in every year,

or, if that day is a Sunday, on the day following, and

in the same manner as was formerly accustomed in

the Court of Exchequer.

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1311

224. — (1) All Acts relating to the several courts Acts re-

and judges whose jurisdiction is vested in the High Court lating to

and the ^ourt of Appeal respectively, or wherein any of

those courts or judges are referred to, shall be construed read*L*°

and have effect as if the High Court or the Court of appiyino- to

Appeal and the judges thereof respectively, as the case courts under

may he, had been referred to therein instead of the

first-mentioned courts or judges, and all statutes, charters

and other instruments in which Westminster is described

or referred to as the locality of the said courts shall be

construed as if the Royal Courts of Justice had been so

described or referred to.

(2) In all cases not hereby expressly provided for in

which under any such Act as aforesaid the concurrence

or the advice or consent of the judge, or of any of the

judges, of any one or more of the courts whose jurisdiction

is vested in the High Court is required for the exercise

of any power or authority, that power or authority may

be exercised by and with the concurrence, advice or

consent of the same or a like number of judges of the

High Court.

225. In this Act, unless the context otherwise interpreta-

requires the following expressions have the meanings tion of terms,

hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say:—

" Action" means a civil proceeding commenced by

writ or in such other manner as may be prescribed by rules of court, but does not include

a criminal proceeding by the Crown:

"The Act of 1873" means the Supreme Court 36 & 37 Vict.

of Judicature Act, 1873:c. 66.

" Cause " includes any action, suit or other original

proceeding between a plaintiff and defendant,

and any criminal proceeding by the Crown:

" Clerk of assize " includes the clerk of the Crown

and associate on circuit and any other office the

duties of which may be performed by the clerk

of assize:

" Commission of assize " includes a commission of

assize, a commission of oyer and terminer and

a commission of gaol delivery, and any commission in lieu thereof issued under this Act:

1312 Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 16 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

" County " includes a county of a city or county

of a town and any division of any county constituted by any Order in Council made under

the provisions of this Act relating to assizes, and

the sherilf for a county s6 divided shall, for

the purpose of those provisions be deemed to

be the sheriff for the division of the county:

" Defendant " includes any person served with any

writ of summons or process, or served with

notice of, or entitled to attend, any proceedings:

" Division" means Division of the High Court:

" Formerly" means immediately before the date of the commencement of the Act of 1873, that is

to say, the first day of November, eighteen

hundred and seventy-five, and the expression

" former " shall be construed accordingly:

" Inferior court " includes a county court as well as

any other inferior court:

" Judgment " includes decree:

" Lord Chief Justice" means Lord Chief Justice of

England:

" Matrimonial cause" means any action for divorce,

nullity of marriage, judicial separation, jactitation

of marriage or restitution of conjugal rights:

" Matter " includes every proceeding in court not in

a cause:

" Officer of the Supreme Court " in the provisions

of this Act relating to the salaries and pensions

of officers includes officer in lunacy:

" Party " includes every person served with notice of

or attending any proceeding, although not named

on the record:

" Petitioner " includes every person making any

application to the court, either by petition,

motion or summons, otherwise than as against

any defendant:

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 19.

1313

" Plaintiff " includes every person asking any relief

(otherwise than by way of counter-claim as a

defendant) against any other person by any form

of proceeding, whether the proceeding is by

action, suit, petition, motion, summons or

otherwise:

" Pleading " includes any petition or summons, and

also includes the statements in writing of the

claim or demand of any plaintiff, and of the

defence of any defendant thereto, and of the

reply of the plaintiff to any counter-claim of a

defendant:

" Prescribed" means prescribed by rules of court:

"Probate Division" means the Probate, Divorce

and Admiralty Division:

" Pules of court " includes forms:

" Solicitor" means solicitor of the Supreme Court:

" Spring assizes" means any court of assize held in

March, April or May:

" Suit " includes action:

" United Kingdom" means, in relation to anything

done before the date of the constitution of the Irish Free State, Great Britain and Ireland,

and in relation to anything done or to be done

after that date, Great Britain and Northern

Ireland;

" Winter assizes" means any court of assize held in

September, October, November, December or

January.

226.—(1) The enactments set out in the Sixth Repeal

Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent savings,

specified in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that, subject as in this Act otherwise

expressly provided and without prejudice to the provisions

of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889:— 52 & 53 Vict.

(a) Nothing in this repeal shall affect any Order in

Council, rule, order or regulation made, commission issued, direction given, or thing done, under

any enactment repealed by this Act, or deemed

to have been made, issued, given or done respectively under any such enactment, and every

such Order, rule, order, regulation, commission

or direction shall continue in force, and, so far

40

1314

Short title

and commencement.

Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

as it could have been made, issued or given

under this Act, shall have effect as if made,

issued or given under this Act:

(6) Nothing in this repeal shall affect any right of

appointment vested in any judge or circuit officer

or in the Master of the Rolls as Keeper of the

Records:

(c?) Any document referring to any Act or enactment

repealed by this Act shall be construed as

referring to this Act or to the corresponding

enactment in this Act.

(2) Any person holding office or serving, or deemed to

be serving, under any enactment repealed by this Act,

shall continue in office or service as if he had been

appointed under this Act, and nothing in this repeal shall

affect the terms and conditions on and subject to which

any person held office immediately before the commencement of this Act or prejudice or affect any right to

pension, compensation or allowance which a person would

otherwise have had on the abolition of, or on retirement

from, his office or otherwise, or the amount thereof.

(3) References in any enactment or document to the Supreme Court, Court of Appeal or High Court

constituted under the Judicature Acts, 1873 to 1910,

or to the Divisions or offices thereof, shall be construed

respectively as references to the Supreme Court, Court of

Appeal, or High Court constituted under this Act, or the

Divisions or offices thereof, and any act done or proceedings

taken in respect of any cause or matter whatsoever before

the commencement of this Act in the Supreme Court

constituted under the Judicature Acts, 1873 to 1910, shall

be deemed to have been done or taken in the Supreme

Court constituted under this Act.

(4) Nothing in this Act shall affect the office of

marshal attending any commissioner of assize.

(5) Save as therein otherwise expressly provided,

nothing in this Act shall affect the operation of any

enactment which is in force at the commencement of this Act and is not expressly repealed by this Act.

227.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Supreme

Court of Judicature (ConsoKdation) Act, 1925.

(2) This Act shall come into force on the first day of

January, nineteen hundred and twenty-six.

1925.

Supreme Court oj

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 19.

1315

SCHEDULES.

PIEST SCHEDULE.

Enactments containing ani> regulating matters

WITH respect to WHICH RULES OF CoURT MAY

BE MADE.

Session and

Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

! Enactments a&ected.

4 Will. &

An Act to prevent

The whole Act so far as un-

Mar. c. 18.

malicious i^orma-

repealed.

8 & 9 Will. 3.

tiona in the Court of

King’s Bench.

An Act for the better

The whole Act so far as un-

c. 11.

preventing of frivol-

repealed.

4 & 5 Anne

ous and vexatious

suits.

An Act for the

Sections twelve and thirteen.

c. 3.

Amendment of the

7 Geo. 2. c. 20

Law and the better

Advancement of

Justice.

The Mortgage Act,

The whole Act.

3'J & 40 Geo. 3.

1733.

The Transfer of Stock

The whole Act so far as un-

c. 36.

Act, 1800.

repealed.

10 Geo. 4.

The Court Funds Act,

The whole Act so far as un-

c. 13.

1829.

repealed.

11 Geo. 4. &

The Contempt of

The whole Act so far as un-

1 wm. 4.

Court Act, 1830.

repealed.

c. 36.

2 & 3 Will. 4.

The Contempt of Court

The whole Act so far as un-

c. 58.

Act, 1832.

repealed. '

3 & 4 Will. 4.

The Civil Procedure

Sections sixteen and

c. 42.

Act, 1833.

eighteen.

1 & 2 Vict.

The Judgments Act,

Sections fourteen and fifteen.

c. 110.

1838.

3 & 4 Vict.

The Admiralty Court

Sections seven, eight, and

c. 65.

Act, 1840.

nine.

3 & 4 Vict.

The Judgments Act,

The whole Act so far as un-

c. 82.

1840.

repealed.

Section 99,

4 0 2

1316 Ch. 49. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

1st Sch.

— amt.

Session and

Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Enactments affected.

5 Vict. c. 5 -

The Court of Clianeery

Section four.

5 & 6 Vict.

Act, 1841.

The Exchequer Court

The whole Act so far as un-

c. 86.

Act, 1842.

repealed.

5 & 6 Vict.

The Limitations of

Sections four and five.

c. 97.

12 & 13 Vict.

Actions and Costs

Act, 1842.

The Petty Bag Act,

The whole Act so far as un-

c. 109.

1849.

repealed.

15 & 16 Vict.

The Common Law

Sections one himdred and

c. 76.

Procedure Act, 1852.

twenty-six, one hundred

20 & 21 Vict.

1

i

The Court of Probate

and twenty - seven, one

hundred and thirty - two,

two hundred and ten to

two hundred and fourteen,

and two hundred and

seventeen to two hundred

and twenty.

Sections twenty - four.

c. 77.

Act, 1857.

twenty-six and thirty-one.

20 & 21 Vict.

The Matrimonial Causes

Sections thirty-nine, forty-

c. 85.

Act, 1857.

one to forty-four, forty-

21 & 22 Vict.

The Legitimacy De-

six, and forty-nine.

Section three.

c. 93.

21 & 22 Vict.

claration Act, 1858.

The Court of Probate

Section twenty-three.

c. 95.

21 & 22 Vict.

Act, 1858.

The Matrimonial Causes;

Section thirteen.

c. 108.

23 & 24 Vict.

Act, 1858.

The Common Law-i

Section seventeen.

c. 126.

23 & 24 Vict.

Procedure Act, 1860.

The Court of Chancery

Sections two, three, five, and

c. 149.

Act, 1860.

six.

24 & 25 Vict.

The Admiralty Court

Sections sixteen, eighteen.

e. 10.

Act, 1861.

twenty-five, twenty-six,

36 & 37 Vict.

The Supreme Court of

twenty-eight, thirty-three,

and thirty-four.

Sections forty-six, sixty-four.

c. 66.

Judicature Act, 1873.

and sixty-six.

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 19.

1317

SECOND SCHEDULE. yection 108.

Scheme for Establishment bF District

Probate Registries.

Group.

Registries.

Sub-registries.

1

Newcastle.

Durham.

Carlisle.

2

Leeds.

Sheffield.

York.

3

Manchester.

4

Liverpool.

Lancaster.

6

Chester ...

1

r Bangor.

\Shrewsbury.

6

1

Lincoln - - .

Nottingham.

Leicester.

Derby.

7

Peterborough.

Norwich.

Ipswich.

8

Birmingham.

Oxford.

Northampton.

r Hereford.

9

Cardiff.

Gloucester.

(^Carmarthen.

10

Bristol.

Exeter.

Bodmin.

11

Southampton.

Lewes.

Salisbury,

Notes.

1. The place first mentioned in the second column of the

foregoing Table in relation to each group shall be the chief

registry of the group, and the registrar of that place shall by

virtue of his office be the registrar of the other registries and

of any sub-registries in the group.

1318

Ch, 49.

2nd Sch.

— eont.

Sections 118.

119, 127, 128.

Section 127.

Section 128.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

2. If the President of the Probate Division, with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor and the Treasury and after

consultation with the Council of the Borough of Cardifl^ thinks

fit so to direct, Llandaff shall be substituted for Cardiff as the

chief registry of Group 9. •

3. In addition to the places mentioned in the third column

of the said Table, there shall te a district probate sub-registry

at Canterbury which shall be under the management of the

principal proljate registry.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Offices in the case op which Special Provisions

AS TO Appointment, Retirement, and

Pension apply.

Permanent Secretary to the Lord Chancellor.

Master of the Supreme Court (King’s Bench Division).

Assistant Master of the Supreme Court (King’s Bench

Division).

Master of the Supreme Court (Chancery Division).

]\Iaster of the Supreme Court (Taxing Office).

Master in Lunacy.

Legal Visitor in Lunacy.

official Referee to the Supreme Court.

Official Solicitor to the Supreme Court.

Registrar, High Court in Bankruptcy.

Taxing Master, High Court in Bankruptcy.

Registrar, Probate Division.

Part II.

Offices in case op which Special Provisions

AS TO Retirement apply.

Registrar, Chancery Division.

Medical Visitor in Lunacy.

Part III.

Scale of Superannuation Allowances in the

CASE OF THE OFFICERS MENTIONED IN PaRT I.

I. An annual allowance not exceeding ten-sixtieths of the

last .annual salary may be granted after the completion of a

period of service of five years.

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

2. Where the period of service completed exceeds five

years, there may be granted an annual allowance not exceeding

ten-sixtieths of the last annual salary with an addition of

one-fortieth of that salary for each completed year’s service

in excess of five.

3. The maximum allowance shall be two-thirds of the

last annual salary.

Part IV.

Allowances, &c. in the Case of Officers to whom

THE Superannuation Act, 1909, applies.

1. The scale of allowances set out in Part III. of this

Schedule shall apply to officers who adopt the proAusions of this

Part of this Schedule, with the substitution for the amounts of the allowances set out in the said Part III. of those amounts

reduced by one quarter.

2. The Treasury may on the recommendation of the Lord

Chancellor grant, by way of additional allowance to any such

officer who retires after having served for not less than five years,

in addition to any allowance which may be granted to him under

paragraph 1 of this Part of this Schedule, a lump sum equal,

where the officer has served for five completed years, to ten-

thirtieths of such annual salary, and, where the officer has

served for more than five completed years, to ten-thirtieths of

such annual salary, with an addition of one-twentieth of such

annual salary for each completed year’s service in excess of five,

so, however, that the additional allowance shall in no case

exceed one and a half times the amount of such annual salary;

Provided that—

(a) in the case of any officer appointed before the

passing of the Superannuation Act, 1909, the

amount of the additional allowance shall be increased by one half per cent, in respect of each

completed year which he had served at the date

of the passing of that Act; and

(b) in the case of an officer retiring after attaining the

age of sixty-five years, there shall be deducted from

the amount of the additional allowance which would

otherwise be payable to him one-twentieth of that

amount for every completed year’s service subsequent

to attaining that age.

3. Where any such officer dies after serving five years or

upwards and while still employed in his office, the Treasury

may, on the recommendation of the Lord Chancellor, grant to

his legal personal representatives a gi’atuity equal to the annual

1319

3rd Sch.

— cont.

Section 128.

1320

Ch. 49.

3kd Sch.

—conU

Sectionl26.

Supreme Court of 16 & 16 Geo. 6.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

salary of his ofiSce, or equal to the additional allowance calculated in the manner provided by the last preceding paragraph,

whichever is the greater: /

Provided that the amount of the gratuity which may be so

granted shall be reduced by one-twentietl» for every completed

year’s service subsequent to attaining the age of sixty-five years.

4. Where any such officer dies after having become entitled

to an annual allowance, and the sums actually received by him

up to the time of his death on account of that allowance together

with the sum received by him by way of additional allowance are less than the amount of the annual salary of his

office, the Treasury, on the recommendation of the Lord Chancellor, may grant to his legal personal representatives a gratuity

equal to the difference.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Qualifications for certain Offices in the

Supreme Court.

Office. Persons qualified for appointment.

1. Permanent Secretary to the Lord

Chancellor and

Clerk of the Crowm.

2. Master, King’s

Bench Division (including the King’s

Coroner and Attorney and Master of the Crown Office).

3. Official Referee

1. —(i) A practising barrister of not less

than ten years’ standing; or

(ii) A barrister of not less than ten 5 '^ears ’

standing who has during the ten

years immediately preceding his

appointment been employed in

some legal capacity under the

State, or who has during part of

that period been employed in such

a capacity and during the remainder of that period been in

practice as a barrister.

2. '—(i) A practising barrister of not less

than ten years’ standing; or

(ii) An official referee; or

(iii) A master in lunacy.

3.—(i) A practising barriser of not less

than ten years’ standing; or

(ii) A master. King’s Bench Division;

or

(iii) A master in lunacy.

1925.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 49.

1321

Person qualified for appointment. 4th Sch.

- — cont.

4.—(i) A practising barrister of not less

than ten years’ standing; or

(ii) A master, King’s Bench Division;

or

(iii) An official referee.

6. Registrar in Bank- 5.—A practising barrister or practising

ruptcy of the High sohcitor of not less than ten years ’

Court. standing.

6. Master, Chancery 6.—(i) A practising sohcitor of not less

Division. than ten years’ standing; or

(ii) A master. Taxing Office, provided

he has been a practising sohcitor

of not less than ten years’ standing; or

(iii) The official sohcitor to the Supreme

Court, provided he has been a

practising sohcitor of not less

than ten years’ standing.

7. Master, Taxing 7.—(i) A practising sohcitor of not less

Office. than ten years’ standing; or

(ii) An admitted sohcitor of not less

than ten years’ standing who has

during the ten years immediately

preceding his appointment been

employed as deputy or assistant

master or as deputy assistant

to the official sohcitor or as a

clerk in the offices of the Royal

Courts of Justice, or who has

during part of that period been

employed as such deputy or

assistant or clerk and during

the remainder of that period been

in practice as a sohcitor, provided

that there shall at no time be

more than one taxing master

who shall have been appointed

by virtue of the qualification

specified in this paragraph; or

(iii) A master. Chancery Division; or

(iv) The official sohcitor to the Supreme

Court, provided he has been a

practising sohcitor of not less

than ten years’ standing.

Officer.

4. Maste^ in Lunacy

1322

Ch. 49.

Supreme Court of 15 & IG Geo. 6.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

4Tn ScH. Officer. Person qualified for appointment.

— cont. - -

8. Legal Visitor in 8. A practising barrister or practising

Lunacy. solicitor of not less than ten years ’

standing. •

9. Official Solicitor 9.—(i) A practising solicitor of not less

to the Supreme than ten years’ standing; or

Court. (ii) An admitted solicitor of not less

than ten years’ standing who has

during the ten years immediately

preceding his appointment been

employed as deputy or assistant

master or as deputy or assistant

to the official soheitor or as a clerk

in the offices of the Royal Courts

of Justice, or who has during

part of that period been employed

as such deputy or assistant or

clerk and during the remainder

of that period been in practice as

a solicitor; or

(iii) A master, Chancery Division; or

(iv) A master. Taxing Office.

For the purposes of this Schedule, any persons who, having

been called to the bar or admitted as solicitors before the fourth

day of August, nineteen hundred and fourteen, have practised

as barristers or solicitors for a period of, or periods amounting

in the aggregate to, not less than ten years shall, if they served

in His Majesty’s Forces in the late war, be deemed to be

practising barristers and practising solicitors respectively.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Section 158. PaET I.

Tempoeaby Provisions with respect to Grants in

District Probate Registries.

1. During such time as this Part of this Schedule

continues in operation—

(i) The following shall be substituted for proviso (6) to

section one hundred and fifty of this Act

" (6) Where a registrar of the principal probate

registry is satisfied by affidavit that the person in

1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 49.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

respect of whose estate the application for the grant

or revocation is made had at the time of his death

"^his fixed place of abode in one of the districts for

which there is a district probate registry, and that

his persona] estate, exclusive of what he was possessed

of or entitled to as a trustee and not beneficially, but

without any deduction on account of his debts, was at

the time of his death under the value of two hundred

pounds, and that at that time he was not seised or

entitled beneficially of or to any real estate of the

value of three hundred pounds or upwards, the judge

of the county court having jurisdiction in the said

place of abode shall have the jurisdiction of the High

Court in respect of any contentious matter arising in

connection with the said grant or revocation."

(ii) The following subsections shall be substituted for subsection (1) of section one hundred and fifty-one of this Act:—

" (1) Where it appears by the affidavit of any person

making an application to a district probate registrar

for the grant of probate or administration that the

testator or intestate had at the time of his death a

fixed place of abode within the district of the registry

in wMch the application is made, a grant may be

made in common form by the district probate

registrar in the name of the High Court and under

the seal of the registry, and the grant shall have

effect over the personal estate of the deceased, and,

subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act,

over the real estate of the deceased, in all parts of

England.

(2) The place of abode must be stated in the

affidavit.

(3) The affidavit shall be conclusive for the

purpose of authorising the grant by the district

probate registrar, and the grant—

(a) shall not be liable to be recalled, revoked,

or otherwise impeached by reason that the

deceased had no fixed place of abode within the

district at the time of his death; and

(b) shall effectually discharge and protect all

persons paying to or dealing with any executor

or administrator thereunder, notwithstanding the

want of, or any defect in, the affidavit required

under this section."

132.3

6th Sch.

— cont.

1324

Ch. 49.

5th Sch.

— cont.

Section 175,

Supreme Court of 15 & IG Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

(iii) The following subsection shall be added to section

one hundred and fifty-three of this Act:—

" (2) Where a second or subsequent grdfnt is made

in a district probate registry, it shall not be necessary

to show by affidavit that the testator or intestate

had a fixed place of abode within the district in

which the application is made."

(iv) The following subsection shall be added to section

one hundred and fifty-four of this Act:—

" (3) On a caveat being entered in the principal

probate registry, notice thereof shall be given to the

district probate registrar of any district in which it

is alleged that the deceased resided at the time of his

decease, and to any other district probate registrar

to whom it is in the opinion of the principal probate

registrar expedient that notice of the entry of the

caveat should be sent."

2. This Part of this Schedule shall cease to have effect on

such date as the President of the Probate Division, with the

concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, may direct.

Part II.

Provisions to apply in the case op Persons Dying

BEPO llE THE commencement OF THE ACT WITH

RESPECT TO THE PROBATE OF WiLLS AFFECTING ReAL

Estate and with respect to the evidentiary effect

OF Probate and Letters of Administration.

1. The following provisions shall have effect in relation to

any proceedings taken for proving in solemn form a will affecting

real estate or for revoking probate of such a will on the ground

of invalidity, or where the validity of such a will is disputed in

anj’ other contentious cause or matter :—

(a) The heir-at-law, devisee, and other persons having or

pretending interest in the real estate affected by the

will shall, subject as hereinafter provided and to rules

of court, be cited to see proceedings or otherwise

summoned in like manner as the next of kin or others

having or alleging interest in the personal estate

affected by a will, and may be permitted by the court,

STibject to rules of court, to become parties or to

intervene for their respective interests:

Provided that the court may proceed without citing

any such persons as aforesaid, unless the court is

satisfied that the deceased was at the time of his death

seised of or entitled to, or had power to appoint by

I 1925. Supreme Court of Ch. 19. 1325

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

will, real estate beneficially, or that the will in question 6xh Sch.

would affect real estate, - but in any case where the —co/if.

c^urt proceeds without citing any such persons the

probate or decree of the court shall not affect any of

those persons? in respect of his interest in real estate

unless he derives title under or throtion a person who

has been so cited;

(f>) Where probate of the will has been granted or its

validity otherwise decreed, the probate or decree shall

enure for the benefit of all persons interested in the

real estate affected by the will;

(c) The probate copy of the will or the letters of adTuini-

stration with the will annexed, or a copy thereof

respectively, stamped with the seal of the court, shall,

in all courts and in all proceedings affecting real

estate (other than proceedings by way of appeal in

any such proceedings as are first mentioned in this

Part of this Schedule or for revocation of probate or

administration), be conclusive evidence of the validity

and contents of the will in like manner as a probate

is evidence in matters relating to real estate;

(d) Where probate is refused or revoked on the ground of the invalidity of the will, or the invalidity of the

will is otherwise declared, the decree declaring the

invalidity shall enure for the benefit of the heir-at-

law or other persons against whose interests in real

estate the will might operate, and the will shall not

be received in evidence in any proceeding affecting

real estate other than in any proceeding by way of

appeal from the decree.

2.—(a) A party to any proceeding who seeks to establish

a devise or other testamentary disposition affecting real estate,

may give to the opposite party, ten days at least before the trial

or proceeding in which the proof is intended to he adduced,

notice that he intends to give in evidence, as proof of the devise

or other testamentary disposition, the probate of the will or the

letters of administration with the will annexed, or a copy thereof

stamped with the seal of the court.

(b) Where any such notice has been given, the probate,

letters of administration, or a copy thereof, stamped as aforesaid,

shall be sufficient evidence of the will and of its validity and

contents, notwithstanding that it has not been proved in solemn

form or otherwise declared valid in a contentious cause or

matter, unless the party receiving the notice, within four days

after the receipt thereof, gives notice that he disputes the validity

of the devise or testamentary disposition.

1326

Ch. 49.

Section 226.

Supreme Court oj 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature {^Consolidation) Act, 1925.

4

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

■ •

Enactments repealed.

yossion and

Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Ecpeal.

31 Edw. 3 -

The Statute made at

Westminster on the

Monday next after the

Feast of Easter in the

thirty-first year. Statute

the first.

Chapter eleven.

it Hen. 6.

c. 1.

Justices of nisi prius may

give judgement etc. in

ti'eason and felony.

The whole Act.

3 Hen. 7. c. 3

An Act that Justices of

Peace may take Bayle,

The words from " and ov, "

to " C, S."

•23 Hen. 8.

c. 9.

An Acte that no psonne

shal be cited oute of the

Dioc where he or she

dwelleth excepte in

Stayne cases.

Sections three and five.

27 Hen. 8.

An Acte for recontynuing

In section two the words

c. 24.

of ctaj'iie lib) ties and

franchises heretofore

taken frome the Crowne.

" of eire justices of assise, "

the words or justices of

" gaole delyVey, " the

words " justices of eire

" justices of assise, " and

the words "ai^d justices

of gaole delyVoy."

33 Hen. 8.

An Acte that noe man

The whole Act.

c. 24. 1

i

shal be Justice of Assise

in his owne countrie.

1

1 Edw. 6. c. 7

An Acte for the contyn-

uance of Actions after

the death of anny King

of this Kealme.

The whole Act except so

far as it relates to justices

of the peace.

4 Will. &

Mar. c. 4.

1

An Act for takeing Special

Bails in the Countrey

upon Actions and Suites

depending in the Courts

of Kings-Bench Comon

Pleas and Exchequer

att Westminster.

The whole Act.

1925,

Ch. 49.

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Session and

Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

1 Anne, c. 2 -

An Act for explaining a

Clauseein an Act made

at the Parliament begun

and holden at Westminster the two and

twentieth of November

in the seventh year of the

reign of our Sovereign

Lord King William the

Third entitled An Act

for the better security

of His Majesty’s Royal

Person and Government.

Section live, so far as it

relates to commissions and

writs in England other

than commissions of the

peace.

24 Geo. 2.

c. 48.

The Michaelmas Term

Act, 1750.

The whole Act.

25 Geo. 2.

c. 30.

The Calendar Act, 1751 -

In section four the words

from "and the usual" to the words "October in

" every year " and the

words from " And whereas

" by another " to the

words " ninth day of

[•* November in every

" year."

39 Geo. 3.

c. 110.

The Judges’ Pensions Act,

1799.

The whole Act.

53 Geo. 3.

c. 153.

The Judges’ Pensions Act,

1813.

The whole Act.

3 Geo. 4.C.10

The Assize Commission

Act, 1822.

The whole Act.

6 Geo. 4. e. 82

The Chief Justice’s Pension Act, 1825.

The whole Act.

6 Geo. 4. c. 84

The Judges’ Pensions Act,

1825.

The whole Act.

11 Geo. 4. &

The Law Terms Act, 1830

Section six.

1 Will. 4.

c. 70.

1 Will. 4. c. 3

The Law Terms (Explanation) Act, 1830.

The whole Act.

1

3 & 4 Will. 4.

The Assizes Act, 1833 -

The whole Act.

c. 71.

0 & 7 Will. 4.

The Liberties Act, 1836 -

Section eight.

c. 87.

7 Will. 4. &

1 Vict. c. 30.

The Superior Courts

(Officers) Act, 1837.

The whole Act.

1328

Ch. 49,

6Tn ScH.

— cont.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Sessi'in and

(Jliaptor.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

4

2 & 3 Vict,

c. 72.

The Assizes Act, 1839 -

Th^ whole Act.

3 <t 4 Vict.

The Admiralty Court Act,

Sections three, four, six.

c. 6o.

1840.

twenty-two and twenty-

three.

5 & 6 Vict,

c. 103.

Tile Court of Chancery

Act, 1842.

The whole Act.

14 & 15 Vict,

e. 41.

The Chief Justice’s Salary

Act, 1851.

The whole Act.

14 & 15 Vict,

c. 83.

The Court of Chancery

Act, 1851.

Section eighteen.

15 & 16 Vict,

e. 73.

The Common Law Courts

Act, 1852.

Section eleven.

15 & 16 Vict.

The Court of Chancery

The whole Act.

c. 80.

Act, 1852.

15 & 16 Vict.

The Court of Chancery

Sections sixteen, twenty-one

e. 87.

Act, 1852.

and forty-two.

17 & 18 Vict.

The Attendance of Wit-

The whole Act so far as it

e. 34.

uesses Act, 1854.

authorises the issue of

jirocess by the High

Court.

18 & 19 Vict,

c. 134.

' I'lie Court of Chancery

Act, 1855.

The whole Act,

20 & 21 Vict.

The Court of Probate Act,

Sections four, thirteen.

e. 77.

1

j

1857.

1

twenty to twenty-three,

twenty-nine, thirty, and

forty-six to fifty-three,

in section fifty-eight the

words " and the decision

" of the Court of Pro-

" bate on such appeal

" shall be final, " sections

fifty-nine, sixty-one to

sixty-four and sixty-six

to sixty-nine, eighty-

seven, eighty-nine to

ninety-three, one hundred

and ten and one hundred

and nineteen, and

Schedule A.

20 & 21 Vict.

The Probates and Letters

Section ninety-five so far as

c. 79.

of Administration (Ireland) Act, 1857.

it relates to grants made

in respect of the estates

of persons dying on or

after the first day of

April, nineteen hundred

and twenty-three.

1925,

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1926.

Ch. 49

1329

Session an

Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent o£ Eepcal.

20 & 21 Vict.

The Matrimonial Causes

Sections two, six, seven.

c. 85.

Act, 1857.

twelve, thirteen, sixteen

and seventeen, and so far

as it relates to the High

Court section twenty-one,

sections twenty-two to

thirty-one, thirty-three to

thirty-five, forty-five, fifty-

five, fifty-seven, fifty-

eight, and sixty-six.

21 & 22 Vict,

e. 56.

The Confirmation of

Executors (Scotland)

Act, 1858.

Section twelve.

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict.

The Legitimacy Declara-

The whole Act, except section

c. 93.

tion Act, 1858.

three and except so far as

the Act relates to Scotland.

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict.

The Court of Probate Act,

Sections three, eight, ten.

e. 95.

1858.

twelve, twenty, twenty-

four to twenty-seven,

section twenty-nine so far

as it relates to grants

made in respect of the

estates of persons dying

on or after the first day of

April, nineteen hundred

and twenty-three, and

sections thirty-five and

thirty-seven.

21 & 22 Vict 22 Vict.

The Matrimonial Causes

Sections four, six to eleven.

c. 108.

Act, 1858.

and fifteen.

22 & 23 Vict,

c. 21.

The Queen’s Eemem-

brancer Act, 1859.

The Matrimonial Causes

Act, 1859.

Section seventeen.

22 & 23 Vict,

e. 61.

The whole Act.

23 & 24 Vict,

e. 91.

The Oxford University

Act, 1860.

Section two.

23 & 24 Vict.

The Common Law Pro-

Sections one and twenty-

c. 126.

cedure Act, 1860.

two.

23 & 24 Vict,

c. 144.

The Matrimonial Causes

Act, 1860.

The whole Act.

24 & 25 Vict.

The Admiralty Court

Sections four, five, seven.

c. 10.

Act, 1861,

eight, ten, eleven, twenty-

seven and thirty-five.

27 & 28 Vict.

The Matrimonial Causes

The whole Act so far as it

e. 44.

Act, 1864.

4P

relates to the High Court.

6th Sch.

— cont.

1330

Ch. 49.

6th Sch.

— cont.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Session and

Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

1

28 & 29 Vict.

The Courts of Justice

Seftions eighteen to twenty-

c. 48.

Building Act, 1865.

one.

29 & 30 Vict,

c. 32.

The Matrimonial Causes

Act, 1866.

The whole Act.

31 & 32 Vict,

e. 77.

The Matrimonial Causes

Act, 1868.

The whole Act.

32 & 33 Vict.

The Evidence Further

Section three so far as it

c. 68.

Amendment Act, 1869.

relates to the High Court.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 89.

1

The Clerks of Assize, &c.

Act, 1869.

The whole Act.

32 & 33 Vict.

The Courts of Justice

Sections twelve and thirteen,

c. 91.

(Salaries and Funds)

Act, 1869.

so far as they relate to

officers of the Supreme

Court.

35 & 36 Vict,

c. 44.

The Court of Chancery

(Funds) Act, 1872.

The whole Act.

35 & 36 Vict.

The Judges’ Salaries Act,

In section four the words

c, 51.

1872.

" in England and ".

36 & 37 Vict,

c. 31.

The Matrimonial Causes

Act, 1873.

The whole Act.

36 & 37 Vict.

The Supreme Court of

The whole Act except

e. 66.

Judicature Act, 1873.

the following provisions

thereof, that is to say,

paragraph (2) of section

twenty-five, sections forty-

six, sixty-four and sixty-

six.

Section three so far as it

38 & 39 Vict.

The Intestates Widows

c. 41.

and Children (Scotland)

Act, 1875.

relates to the resealing of

confirmations in England.

38 & 39 A^’iet.

c. 77.

The Supreme Court of

Judicature Act, 1875.

The whole Act.

39 & 40 Vict.

The Small Testate Estates

Section three so far as it

c. 24.

(Scotland) Act, 1876.

relates to the resealing of

confirmations in England.

39 & 40 Vict,

c. 57.

The Winter Assizes Act,

1876.

The whole Act.

39 & 40 Vict,

c. 59.

The Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876.

Sections fifteen to twenty.

39 <S 40 Vict.

The Sheriff Courts (Scot-

Sections forty-two and forty-

c. 70.

land) Act, 1876.

1

three so far as they relate

to the resealing of confirmations or additional confirmations in England.

1925,

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925

Ch. 49,

1331

Session and

Chapter

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

40 & 41 Vict.

The Sifpreme Court of

The -vyhole Act.

c. 9.

Judicature Act, 1877.

40 & 41 Vict.

The Jurisdiction in Rating

In section three the words

c. 11.

Act, 1877.

from " As to England "

to the words "of Justice

and ".

40 & 41 Vict.

0. 46.

The Winter Assizes Act,

1877.

The whole Act.

41 & 42 Vict,

c. 19.

The Matrimonial Causes

Act, 1878.

The whole Act.

42 & 43 Vict.

c. 1.

The Spring Assizes Act,

1879.

Sections two and four.

42 & 43 Vict,

c. 78.

The Supreme Court of

Judicature (Officers)

Act, 1879.

The whole Act.

43 Vict. c. 14

The Customs and Inland

Revenue Act, 1880.

Subsection (2) of section

ten.

43 & 44 Vict,

c. 10.

The Great Seal Act, 1880

The whole Act.

44 & 45 Vict,

c. 41.

The Conveyancing Act,

1881.

Section forty-eight.

44 & 45 Vict.

0. 59.

The Statute Law Revision

and Civil Procedure Act,

1881.

Section six.

44 & 45 Vict.

The Supreme Court of

The whole Act except sec-

c. 68.

Judicature Act, 1881.

tion one, and the third and

fourth paragraphs of section nine. i

45 & 46 Vict.

The Municipal Corpora-

Subsection (3) of section

c. 50.

tions Act, 1882.

one hundred and eighty-

two. i

46 & 47 Vict.

The Supreme Court of

The whole Act.

c. 29.

Judicature (Funds, &c.)

Act, 1883.

j »

46 & 47 Vict.

The Statute Law Revision

The whole Act.

e. 49.

and Civil Procedure Act,

1883.

47 & 48 Vict.

The Supreme Court of

The whole Apt.

c. 61.

Judicature Act, 1884.

47 & 48 Vict.

The Matrimonial Causes

The whole Act.

e. 68.

Act, 1884.

51 & 62 Vict.

The Railway and Canal

Section six.

c. 25.

Traffic Act, 1888.

6th Sch.

— eont.

4P 2

1332

Ch. 49.

6th Sch.

—cont.

Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Session and

Chapter.

j Title or Short Title.

Extent o£ Repeal.

51 1 & 52 Vict.

The County Courts Act,

Sections sixteen, one hunc. 43.

1888.

dred and twenty-five and

one hundred and eighty-

seven.

52 & 53 Vict.

The Palatiuate Court of

Section eleven to the words

c. 47.

Durham Act, 1889.

" for the time being and."

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 49.

The Arbitration Act, 1889

Sections thirteen to seventeen and, so far as they

relate to references under

an order of the High

Court, sections eighteen,

nineteen, twenty and

twenty-three.

53 & 54 Vict.

The Chancery of LanSubsection (1) of section

c. 23.

caster Act, 1890.

four.

53 & 54 Vict,

c. 44.

The Supreme Court of

Judicature Act, 1890.

The whole Act.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 53.

The Supreme Court of

Judicature Act, 1891.

Sections one, two, and four.

57 & 58 Vict,

c. 16.

The Supreme Court of

Judicature (Procedure)

Act, 1894.

The whole Act.

57 & 58 Vict,

c. 30.

1

i

The Finance Act, 1894 -

Subsection (4) of section

sixteen so far as it relates

to the resealing in

England of Irish grants

made in respect of the

estates of persons dying

on or after the first day of

April, nineteen hundred

and twenty-three.

57 & 58 Vict,

The Merchant Shipping

Subsections (2) and (3) of

e, 60,

Act, 1894.

section five hundred and

forty-seven and section

five hundred and sixty-five

so far as they relate to the High Court in England.

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 51.

The Vexatious Actions

Act, 1896.

The whole Act.

62 & 63 Vict,

c. 6,

The Supreme Court of

Judicature Act, 1899.

The whole Act.

2 Edw. 7.

c. 31.

The Supreme Court of

Judicature Act, 1902.

The whole Act.

7 Edw. 7.

C.12.

The Matrimonial Causes

Act, 1907.

The whole Act.

1925,

Ch. 49,

1333

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Session and

Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

7 Edw. 7.

The Criiaioal Appeal Act,

Subsection (3) of section

c. 23.

1 1907.

twenty.

7 Edw. 7.

The Deceased Wife’s

Section three.

c. 47.

Sister Marriage Act,

1907.

8 Edw. 7.

The Assizes and Quarter

Ill section one the words

c. 41.

! Sessions Act, 1908.

1

" the commission day in

" the case of assizes and ",

and the words "assize

or" in subsection (1); the

words " assizes or " where-

ever those words occur in

subsection (3); subsection

(4):the words "assizes

or ", the words "commis-

" sion day or", and the

words " as the case may

" be " in subsection (5).

In section two the words

" assizes or" and the

words " court of assize or ".

In section four the words

"as respects assizes the

‘‘ clerk of assize and " and

the words from " the ex-

" pression commission

" day " to the end of the

section.

8 Edw. 7

Tho Appellate Jurisdic-

Section six.

c. 51.

tion Act, 1908.

9 Edw. 7.

I’he Judicature (Rule

The whole Act.

c. 11.

Committee) Act, 1909.

10 Edw. 7.

The Supreme Court of

The whole Act.

& 1 Geo. 5. j

c. 12.

1 Judicature Act, 1910.

1

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

The Maritime Conventions

Section five so far as it

c. 57.

[Act, 1911.

relates to the High Court.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

The Appellate Jurisdic-

Section two.

c. 21.

tion Act, 1913.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

The Official Solicitor Act,

The whole Act.

c. 30.

1919.

10 & 11 Geo.5.

The Administration of

Sections one, five, six, seven

c. 81.

Justice Act, 1920.

and eight; section fifteen

so far as it relates to the

High Court; and sections

nineteen and twenty.

6th Soh.

— cont.

1334

6l^{I ScH«

-~cont.

Register of

theatrical

employers

to be esta>

blished in

local areas.

Publication

of intention

to register.

Ch. 49, 50. Supreme Court of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Session and

Ciiapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

11 ll&12 12 Geo.5.

c. 24.

The Deceased Brothers

Widow’s Marriage Act,

1921.

Subjection (2) of section

one.

11 ll&12 12 Geo.5.

c. 56.

The Supreme Court

Officers (Retirement,

Pensions, &c.) Act, 1921.

The whole Act.

13 & 14 Geo. 5.

c. 19.

The Matrimonial Causes

Act, 1923.

The whole Act.

15 & 16 Geo.5.

c. 23.

The Administration of

Estates Act, 1925.

Sections four, ten to

fourteen, sixteen, and

eighteen to twenty.

15 & 16 Geo.5.

c. 28.

The Administration of

Justice Act, 1925.

Sections one to eighteen,

twenty-one, twenty-four

to twenty-six and

Schedules one to three.

CHAPTER 60.

An Act to provide for the Registration of

Employers of Theatrical Employees and for

purposes incidental thereto. [Slst July 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1, Every registration authority within the meaning

of this Act shall establish and keep a register of theatrical

employers. The register of theatrical employers shall be

in the prescribed form and shall be open to inspection

by any member of the public during ordinary office

horn’s on payment of the prescribed fee.

2. Every theatrical employer as hereinafter defined

shall, not more than six weeks nor less than twenty-one

days before registering himself as a theatrical employer,

insert in a London newspaper devoted to the interest

Theatrical Employers Registration Act, 1925.

[15 & 16 Geo. 6. Ch. 50.]

ERRATUM.

Section 4.—The inverted commas printed throughout this

section should be deleted.

Printed by Eybb and Spottiswoode, Ltd.,

FOB

WjtLiAM Richabd Codlino, Esq., C.V.O., C.B.E., the King’s Printer o{

Acts of Parliament.

o 25&ia

1925.

Theatrical Employers

Registration Ad, 1925.

Ch. 50.

1335

of the stage profession, in two different issues, a notice

stating that he intends so to register, with the date

thereof. '

3. Every theatrical employer as hereinafter defined Theatrical

shall register himself as a theatrical employer with the employers

registration authority of the area where he resides, or

if he has no fixed place of residence in Great Britain

with any registration authority, and shall furnish such

authority with the prescribed particulars. If any circumstance occurs in relation to any theatrical employer

which affects the accuracy of any particulars as respects

the theatrical employer in the register of theatrical

employers, the theatrical employer in question shall

forthwith in writing inform the registration authority

with which he has been registered, and shall forward to the authority his certificate of registration to be amended,

and on receipt of such information the registration authority shall forthwith cause the entries respecting that

theatrical employer and the certificate to be amended

accordingly. The registration authority may charge

such fee not exceeding forty shillings as may be prescribed for such registration but shall not be entitled

to charge any fee for such amendments as aforesaid.

4. The registration authority shall as soon as possible Certificates

after registration by a theatrical employer issue to him a *

certificate of registration under the hand of a duly

authorised officer of the registration authority. Such

certificate shall be in the " prescribed form and any

" document purporting to be such a certificate shall be

" evidence of the facts to which it relates." The registration authority shall immediately on the issue of a

certificate of registration and on any amendment or entry

in the register of theatrical employers being made

transmit to the Secretary of State in such manner as

may be prescribed particulars of such registration,

amendment or entry, and " such particulars shall be

" open to inspection by the pubUc, subject to the

" prescribed conditions as to payment of fees and

" otherwise."

5. Any theatrical employer shall be guilty of an Offences

offence under this Act— under the

(a) Who during the course of a theatrical engagement abandons the theatrical performers;

1336

Ch. 50.

Theatrical Employers 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Registraiion Act, 1925.

Punishment

for offences

under the

Act.

(6) Who on or after the first day of January nineteen

hundred and twenty-six carries on the business

of a theatrical employer without beiifg registered;

(c) _ Who supplies false or misleading or incorrect

particulars to the registration authority or fails

within a reasonable time to inform the registration authority of any change of circumstances

or to forward to the authority his certificate in

accordance with the provisions of this Act;

(d) Who, except as hereinafter provided, applies to

be registered as a theatrical employer after his

registration has been cancelled or while it is

suspended;

(e) Who on the hearing of any charge under this Act fails to produce to the court his certificate

(if any) of registration without reasonable

excuse, or produces a false certificate;

(f) Who being a company or a firm, of which any

person whose registration has been cancelled or

is suspended, is a director or manager, or by

any other means has control, or is a partner, as

the case may be, applies to be registered as a

theatrical employer.

(2) For the purposes of this section a theatrical

employer shah be deemed to have abandoned theatrical

performers if he absents himself from the place where

the performers are in pursuance of the engagement without paying, or making arrangements for the payment of,

all wages, fees, and expenses due, or to fall due, to the

performers in respect of the engagement, unless he proves

that he was not absent with intent to avoid the payment

of any sum so due.

6.—(1) Any offence under this Act shall render the

person committing the same liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds with or without imprisonment for a period not exceeding three months, and

in addition to any other penalty the court may in its

discretion:—

(a) Order the certificate of any registered theatrical

employer to be delivered up and the registration

to be cancelled;

1925.

Theatrical Employers

Registration Act, 1925.

Ch. 50.

1337

(6) Order the certificate of any registered theatrical

employer to be delivered up and the registration

' to be suspended for such a period as the court

may deem meet;

(c) Order the person convicted to "pay the whole or

any part of the costs of the prosecution.

Any person affected by an order made under this

section may appeal against the order to a court of quarter

sessions in the manner prescribed by the Summary

Jurisdiction Acts.

(2) An order made under this Act shall not come

into force until seven days after it is made, or if an

appeal has been entered within that period until the

determination of the appeal.

(3) Where a person who has committed an offence

under this Act is a company, the chairman and every

director and every officer concerned in the management

of the company shall be deemed to have committed the

like offence unless he proves that the act constituting

the offence took place without his knowledge or consent.

7. Where a court of summary jurisdiction is

satisfied that a theatrical employer has failed to pay any

money due to be paid by him to theatrical performers,

and that in the opinion of the court such failure was due

to a deliberate intention on the part of the employer to

avoid the terms of any contract made between him and

the performers, the court may make an order under

paragraph (a) or paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of

section six of this Act in respect of that employer.

8. —(1) Any registered theatrical employer whose

registration has been ordered to be cancelled or suspended as aforesaid shall forthwith deliver up his

certificate to the clerk of the court by which the

order has been made, and the clerk of the court shall

as soon as the order comes into force endorse the

certificate with a record of the order for cancellation

or suspension, as the case may be, and shall forward

the said certificate so endorsed to the registration

authority by which the said certificate was issued,

and the said registration authority shall thereupon

cause entry of such cancellation or suspension to be made

in the register of theatrical employers, and in the case

of suspension shall, when the period of suspension has

Power to

cancel or

suspend

registration

for failure

to pay

salaries, &o.

Cancelled

and suspended

certificates.

1338

Persons who

may not be

registered.

Certain convicted persons

not to act as

servants or

agents for

theatrical

employers.

Application.

6 & 7 Vict,

o. 68.

Rules and

expenses.

Ch. 50. Theatrical Employers 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Registration Act, 1925.

expired, return the certificate to the employer at the

address entered on the certificate, and in the case of

cancellation shall retain the said certificate. *

(2) Where any order as to cancell^ition or suspension

of registration has been made as aforesaid, the clerk of the court shall send notice thereof to the Secretary of

State in the prescribed manner.

9. Any person whose registration has been cancelled

may, after giving notice in the prescribed manner to the

registration authority by which his former certificate

was issued of his intention so to do, apply to a court of

summary jurisdiction for an order authorising him to

register himself as a theatrical employer, and the court

may thereupon, if satisfied that such person should be

registered, make such order subject to such conditions

as to the comt may seem fit: Provided that no order

shall be made under this section unless a period of at

least three years has elapsed since the former registration

was cancelled.

10. Any person whose registration as a theatrical

employer is cancelled shall be guilty of an offence under

this Act if at any time while he remains unregistered

he acts as agent for a theatrical employer.

11. This Act shall not apply—

(a) To any person to whom, or to whose agent,

a licence under section seven of the Theatres

Act, 1843, or a licence for music and dancing

has been granted, but only so long as such

licence remains in force:

(6) To any person who not for gain or in the way

of business employs or engages theatrical performers for performances in aid of charitable

objects or other similar purposes.

12. —(1) The Secretary of State may make rules

for prescribing anything which is to be prescribed under

this Act, and generally for carrying this Act into effect.

(2) Any expenses of a registration authority under

this Act, as far as not covered by fees, shall be defrayed

in the case of the Common Council of the City of London

out of the general rate, in the case of the council of a

county borough out of the borough fund or borough

1925. Theatrical Employers Ch. 50.

Registration Act, 1925.

rate, and in the case of the council of a county out of the

county fijnd.

13. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the expression "theatrical employer" means any

person who by himself or any agent engages or employs

at any one time three or more theatrical performers.

The expression "theatrical performer " includes

any actor, singer, dancer, acrobat or performer of any

kind employed to act, sing, dance, play or perform in

any theatre, music hall or other place of public entertainment, or to rehearse with a view to so acting, singing,

dancing, playing or performing, as well as any person

employed to take part in the acting or representation

of any play, act, event or scene being photographed or

otherwise recorded as a picture or pictures or other

optical effect suitable or intended for being exhibited

by means of a cinematograph or other similar apparatus;

and the term theatrical performer shall include all

persons employed or engaged for purposes of a chorus

or crowd, but shall not include stage hands and members

of an orchestra.

The expression "registration authoritymeans—

As respects the City of London, the common

council;

As respects any county borough, the council of the borough;

As respects any other areas, the council of the

ounty;

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by

rules made by the Secretary of State.

14. This Act shall apply to Scotland, subject to the following modifications:—

(1) The expression "county borough " shall mean a

burgh having according to the census of nineteen hundred and twenty-one a population of

or exceeding fifty thousand, and all other burghs

shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to

be within the county:

(2) The expenses incurred by a town or county

council under this Act shall, so far as not met

out of fees, be defrayed in the case of a town

1.339

Interpretation.

Application

to Scotland.

1340

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 50.

55 & 56 Vict,

c. 55.

Short title.

Amendments of

prineipal

Act as to

grounds on

which

orders may

be made.

58 & 59 Vict,

c. 39.

o *

• 50, 51. Thmtriccd Employers 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Registration Act, 1925.

council out of the burgh general or pohee

assessment and in the case of a county council

out of the general purposes, rate, provided that

with respect to every burgh, wMch is for the

purposes of this Act deemed to be within the

county, subsections (3) and (4) of section sirty

and section sixty-six of the Local Government

(Scotland) Act, 1889, shall, so far as applicable,

have effect as if such expenses were expenditure

therein mentioned;

(3) The expression "court of summary jurisdiction "

shall mean the sheriff, and the provisions

regarding appeal to a court of quarter sessions

shall not apply:

(4) The expression "a licence’ for music and

dancing" shall mean'a licence granted under

section three hundred and ninety-five of the

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

15. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Theatrical

Employers Registration Act, 1925.

(2) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Separation

and Maintenance Orders.

[31st July 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) An application by a married woman for an

order or orders under the Summary Jurisdiction (Married

Women) Act, 1895, as amended by any subsequent

enactment (which Act as so amended is hereinafter

referred to as the principal Act) on the groimd of

cruelty or neglect by her husband, may be made notwithstanding that the cruelty or neglect complained of

has not caused her to leave and live separately and

apart from him, and accordingly the words "and shall

1925. Summary Jurisdiction Ch. 51. 1341

{Separation and Maintenance) Act, 1925.

' by such cruelty or neglect have caused her to leave

" and live separately and apart from him " in section

four of that Act are hereby repealed.

(2) Amongst the grounds on which a married woman

may apply for an order or orders under the principal

Act there shall be included the following grounds—

(a) that her husband has been guilty of persistent

cruelty to her children;

(b) that her husband while suffering from a

venereal disease, and knowing that he was so

suffering, insisted on having sexual intercourse

with her;

(c) that her husband has compelled her to submit

herself to prostitution.

Where the husband has, in the opinion of the court,

been guilty of such conduct as was likely to result and

has resulted in her submitting herself to prostitution, he

shall, for the purposes of this subsection, be deemed to

have compelled her so to submit herself.

(3) Amongst the grounds on which a married man

may apply for an order or orders under the principal Act

there shall be included the ground that his wife has

been guilty of persistent cruelty to his children.

(4) No order made under the principal Act shall be

enforceable and no habihty shall accrue under any such

order whilst the married woman with respect to whom

the order was made resides with her husband, and any

such order shall cease to have effect if for a period of

three months after it is made the married woman continues to reside with her husband.

2.—(1) Section seven of the principal Act (which Amendment

provides, amongst other things, that if a married of s. 7 of

woman, upon whose application an order has been Fiocipal

made under that Act, shall commit an act of adultery, ‘

such order shall upon proof thereof be discharged) shall

have effect as though at the end thereof the following

proviso were inserted:—

" Provided that the court may, it the court

think fit—

" (a) refuse to discharge the order if, in the

opinion of the court, such act of adultery as

1342

Ch. 51.

Amendment

of definition

of " habitual drunkard."

2 Edw. 7.

c. 28.

42 & 43 Vict,

c. 19.

Notice of

change of

address.

Summary Jurisdiction 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Separation and Maintenance) Act, 1925.

aforesaid was conduced to by the failure of the

husband to make such payments in the

opinion of the court he was able to make under

the order; and •

"(b) in the event of the order being discharged,

make a new order that the legal custody of the

children of the marriage shall continue to be

committed to the wife, and that the husband

shall pay to the wife or to any officer of the court

or third person on her behalf, a weekly sum not

exceeding ten shillings for the maintenance of

each such child until the child attains the age

of sixteen years. In making such an order the

court shall have regard primarily to the interests

of the children, "

(2) Where a married woman with respect to whom

an order has been made under the principal Act resumes

cohabitation with her husband after living apart from

him, or where she has before the date of the commencement of this Act so resumed cohabitation, and is at that

date cohabiting with him, the order shall cease to have

effect on the resumption of such cohabitation or at the

commencement of this Act, as the case may be.

3. The expression "habitual drunkard " in section

five of the Licensing Act, 1902, shall be interpreted as

though in the definition of that term in section three of the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879, the reference to the

habitual intemperate drinking of intoxicating liquor

included a reference to the habitual taking or using,

except upon medical advice, of opium or other dangerous

drugs within the meaning of the Dangerous Drugs Acts,

1920 and 1923.

4. Any person for the time being under an obligation to make payments (including costs) under an order

made under the principal Act, as amended by this Act,

shall give notice to such persons (if any) as may be

specified in the order of any change of address, and any

person failing to give such notice without reasonable

excuse shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine

not exceeding two pounds.

1925. Summary Jurisdiction Ch. 51. I 343

{Separation and Maintenance) Act, 1925.

5. Where an order under the principal Act contains Enforce-

a provision committing to the applicant the legal ment of

custody of any children of the marriage, a copy of as

the order may b© served upon any person in whose cM^en

actual custody the children may for the time being be,

and thereupon the provision may, without prejudice to

any other remedy open to the applicant, be enforced

under subsection (2) of section thirty-four of the Summary 42 & 43 Vict.

Jurisdiction Act, 1879, as if it were an order of the court c. 49.

requiring that person to give up the children to the

applicant.

6 . —(1) Where, on the hearing of an application Power to

for an order of maintenance, the application is adjourned prder

for any period exceeding one week, the court may order 1^7-

that the husband do pay to the wife or to an officer of the court or third person on her behalf a weekly sum for main-

(not exceeding such an amount as might be ordered tenance of

to be paid under a final order) for the maintenance of married

the wife and any child or children in her custody until

the final determination of the case: Provided that the •

order directing such payment shall not remain in

operation for more than three months from the date

on which it was made.

(2) Any such order shall be enforced in hke manner

as if it were a final order of the court.

7. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Summary short title,

Jurisdiction (Separation and Maintenance) Act, 1925, extent, and

and section five of the Licensing Act, 1902, the Married commence-

Women (Maintenance) Acts, 1895 and 1920, and this Act may be cited together as the Summary Jurisdiction

(Separation and Maintenance) Acts, 1895 to 1925.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or

Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on the

expiration of two months after the passing thereof.

1344 Ch. 52. Advertisements Regulation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Extended

powers of

making

byelaws.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 27.

4

Delegation

of powers

by county

councils to

district

councils.

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to amend the law with, respect to the

regulation of Advertisements.

[31st July 1925.].

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) The powers of a local authority under

section two of the Advertisements Regulation Act, 1907

(in this Act referred to as the principal Act), shall

include powers to make byelaws for regulating, restricting or preventing within their district or any

part thereof the exhibition of advertisements so as to

disfigure or injuriously affect—

(a) the view of rural scenery from a highway or

railway, or from any public place or water; or

(6) the amenities of any village within the district

of a rural district council; or

(c) the amenities of any historic or public building

or monument or of any place frequented by

the public solely or chiefly on account of its

beauty or historic interest.

(2) In the principal Act and in this Act the

expression " advertisements " includes any structure or

apparatus erected or intended only for the display of

advertisements.

(3) This section shall not apply to the exhibition

of advertisements on or upon any railway station,

yard, platform or railway approach belonging to a

railway company, or except within the district of a

rural district council upon any dock, quay, pier, landing ♦

stage, wharf, lock or toll station belonging to any harbour,

dock or canal undertaking.

2.—(1) Without prejudice to any other powers of

delegation, a county council may arrange with any urban

district council which is not a local authority within

the meaning of the principal Act for the delegation to

that council of any of the powers of the county council

1925. Advertisements Regulation, Ch. 52.

. ' Act, 1925.

under the principal Act, and may arrange with any

rural district council for the delegation to that council

of the p«wer of enforcing any byelaws made under the

principal Act by the county council, and, where any such

arrangement is made, the county council may delegate

its powers accordingly.

• (2) A county council may at any time cancel any

■arrangement made by them under this section but without prejudice to an 5 dihing previously done thereunder,

and where any such arrangement is cancelled any byelaws made thereunder by the urban district council

shall, until varied or revoked by the coxmty council, have

effect as if they had been made by the county council.

(3) Any arrangement made under this section delegating to an urban district council the povrer to make

byelaws shall provide for the notification to the county

council of any byelaws made under the arrangement.

(4) Any expenses incurred by a district council in

pursuance of an arrangement .made under this section

shall be r'^paid to that council by the county council by

which the arrangement was made, and any expenses so

repaid by a county council shall be defrayed by the

county council as part of their expenses in carrying the

principal Act into effect:

Provided that—

(a) if any such expenses incurred by a district

council exceed any limit which may have

been imposed by the arrangement made by

the county council, the amount of the excess

shall not be repayable to the district council

unless it is so resolved by the county council;

and

(b) any expenses properly incurred by a district

council in pursuance of the arrangement

shall, so far as they are not repaid by the

county council, be defrayed as part of the

* general expenses of the district council; and

(c) for the purposes of section four of the

principal Act a district council shall not by

reason of any arrangement made under this

section be deemed to be a local authority

under that Act.

(5) This section shall not apply to Scotland.

4 Q

1345

1346 Ch. 52, 53. Advertisements Regulation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Short title, 3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Advertise-

constmction ments Regulation Act, 1925, and shall be read as one

and extent. principal Act, and the principal Act jind this Act may be cited together as the Advertisements

Regulation Acts, 1907 and 1925. •

(2) References in this Act to the principal Act

shall be construed as references to that Act as amended

by this Act.

(3) In the application of this Act to Scotland

references to the district of a rural district council shall

be construed as references to a county exclusive of any

burgh situated therein.

(4) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to amend section seven of the Mental

Deficiency Act, 1913, for the purpose of enabling

a defective to be removed from an institution

for the purpose of being placed under guardianship.

[31st July 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; —

Amendment

of 3 & 4

Geo. 5.C.28,

s. 7:

" Variation

of orders."

1. Section seven of the Mental Deficiency Act, 1913,

shall have effect as though the following subsection

were inserted after subsection (2) of that section :—

" 2.—(a) Where an order has been made that a

defective be sent to an institution, the judicial

authority which made the order, or any other

judicial authority, or, where the original order was

not made by a judicial authority, any judicial

authority may, on application being made for the

pmpose by the Board or by the local authority,

and on being satisfied that the case is or has

become one suitable for guardianship, order that

the defective be placed under guardianship."

2. This Act may be cited as the Mental Deficiency

(Amendment) Act, 1925.

Short title.

1925.

* Ministers of Religion Ch. 54, 55.

{Remotfal of Disqualifications) Act, 1925.

1347

CHAPTER 54.

An Act* to remove the disqualification of ministers

of religion for Jbeing borough councillors.

[31st July 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords

Spii’itual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. From the passing of this Act no person shall be Removal of

disqualified for being elected or being a councillor of a «iisqualifi.

borough by reason only that he is in holy orders or the

regular minister of a dissenting eongregation.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Ministers of Short title.

Religion (Removal of Disqualifications) Act, 1925,

(2) Paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section twelve Repeal of

of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, is hereby 45 & 46

repealed.

8. 12, subs.

(3) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland. (1), para. (6)

CHAPTER 65.

An Act to make further provision with regard to the grant of superannuation and other allowances to teachers iu Scotland and to their legal

personal representatives, and to the payment

of contributions towards the cost of such

allowances.

[31st July 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The period during which contributions shall be Extension

payable under section one of the Act of 1922 as amended of period

by the Act of 1924, towards the cost of providing during

benefits under the Superannuation Scheme shall be con-

, , , tnbntions

1348

by or in

respect of

teachers

are to be

payable.

Contributions

towards

benefits

under

Superannuation

Scheme.

Ch. 55. Education (Scotland) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

(Superannuation) Act, 1925.

extended until the thirty-first day of March, nineteen

htmdred and twenty-six, and in the said Acts, or in any

amending Scheme framed and approved in pursuance

of the first mentioned Act, any reference to section one of the said Act shall be construed as a reference to the said

section as amended by the Act of 1924 and by this Act.

2.—(1) As from the first day of April, nineteen

hundred and twenty-six, there shall be paid in each year

to the Department towards the cost of providing benefits

under the Superannuation Scheme, in respect of every

teacher employed in service within the meaning of

such scheme the following contributions; —

(a) an amount to be paid by the teacher equal to

five per centum of his salary for the time being;

(b) an amount to be paid by the education authority,

governing body or other body of managers by

whom the teacher is employed, equal to five

per centum of the salary for the tim5 being of the teacher.

(2) The payments due in terms of the foregoing

subsection shall be collected by the Department from

each education authority, governing body or other body

of managers either directly or by deduction from any

grants that may accrue under any regulations, code or

minute of the Department, and it shall be lawful for

each education authority, governing body or other body

of managers to deduct five per centum from the salary

of every teacher in their employment, in respect of whom

payments are due under the foregoing subsection:

Provided that, where any payment due by a teacher

has not been so deducted and collected, the same

(together with compound interest thereon from the date

when the payment became due, calculated at four per

centum per annum with yearly rests) shall be recoverable

by the Department either dmectly from the teacher or

by deduction from any sum payable to him or to his

legal personal representatives under the Superannuation

Scheme.

(3) For the purposes of this section the salary of

a teacher shall be calculated in accordance with rules

under the Superannuation Scheme.

1925.

Education (Scotland)

(Superannuation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 55.

1349

(4) All sums paid to or collected or recovered by the

Department in pursuance of this section shall be paid

into th^ Education (Scotland) Fimd.

3. —(1) The Department shall as soon as may be Amending

after the passing of this Act frame an amending Scheme Scheme to

which shall be laid before each House of Parliament be framed,

with a view to approval by Order in Council.

(2) Section eight of the Act of 1919 shall apply to

any amending Scheme framed in pursuance of the foregoing subsection, in like manner as it applies to the

Scheme framed in pursuance of that Act, provided that

such amending Scheme shall not come into operation

until the first day of April, nineteen hundred and

twenty-six.

4. —(1) The amending Scheme to be framed in Provisions

pursuance of the immediately preceding section of this of amending

Act shall include provision— Scheme.

(a) for the repayment to a teacher or to his legal

personal representatives, in circumstances and

on conditions to be prescribed, of contributions

made by him in terms of the Acts of 1922 and

1924 or of this Act, together with compound

interest on each contribution as from the

prescribed date calculated at the rate of three

per centum per annum with yearly rests and

for the cancellation on such repayment of the

service in respect of which the said contributions

were paid;

(b) for permitting a teacher in circumstances and

on conditions to be prescribed to repay the

sums repaid to him under the foregoing provisions of this section or under section two of the

Act of 1922, together with compound interest

thereon calculated from the date of repayment

to him at the rate of three and a half per

centum per annum with yearly rests, and for

the restoration to such teacher on such repayment by him of such claims under the Superannuation Scheme as he would have had if no

repayment had been made to him;

(c) for securing that the total amount of benefit

payable under the Superannuation Scheme to

13S0

Ch. 55.

Education (Scotland) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

(Superannuation) Act, 1925.

any teacher or to his legal personal representatives together with compound interest on

any benefit calculated from the date of payment at three per centun^ per annum with

yearly rests, shall not (save as may be otherwise provided in cases where benefit is payable

also under the Teachers (Superannuation) Acts,

1918 to 1925), be less than the total amount

of the contributions paid by him under the

, Acts of 1922 and 1924 and this Act together

with compound interest on such contributions

from the prescribed dat.e calculated at three

per centum per annum with yearly rests;

(d) for enabling a teacher whose service is discontinued for a period not exceeding four years

in the case of a teacher who during the period

is in full-time employment as a teacher in any

part of His Majesty’s dominions outside the

United Kingdom, and not exceeding one year

in any other case to pay into the Education

(Scotland) Fund with the consent of the

Department in respect of such period sums

equal to ten per centum of his salary calculated in accordance with rules under the

Superannuation Scheme, so that the said

period may be reckoned as a period of service

within the meaning of the Superannuation

Scheme, and for determining the amount

of such payments which shall be reckoned as

contributions by the teacher.

(2) The amending Scheme shall make such other

provision as appears necessary to carry out the purposes

of the Act of 1919, and of this Act and, without

prejudice to the generality of this enactment, may

further provide—

(a) for giving effect to any arrangements made with

any authority administering any statutory

Scheme of Superannuation for school teachers

in any part of His Majesty’s dominions, providing for the extension (whether with or without

modification) of the Superannuation Scheme to

service in the capacity of a teacher in that part

of His Majesty’s dominions and for the extension

1925.

Education (Scotland)

(Superannuation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 55»

1351

of 8uch statutory Scheme to service within the

meaning of the Superannuation Scheme.

For the purposes of the foregoing provision

the expression "His Majesty’s dominions "

includes any territory which is under His

Majesty’s protection or in respect of which a

mandate is being exercised by the Government

of any part of His Majesty’s dominions;

(6) for applying on such conditions and with such

modifications in regard to contributions and

otherwise as may be prescribed the provisions

of the Superannuation Scheme to teachers in

schools which are not Otherwise within the

scope of the said Scheme:

Provided that the contributions payable by

and in respect of such teachers shall be at rates

prescribed from time to time after consultation

with the Government Actuary with a view to

securing that the contributions paid shall be

equal in value to the benefits to be accorded

in respect of such contributions;

(c) for the calculation of benefit in such special

circumstances and in such manner as may be

prescribed by reference to the actual period of

service in lieu of the completed years of service;

(d) for the making by the Department of rules for

the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this Act and of the Superannuation Scheme as

modified by the amending Scheme.

5. The Superannuation Scheme as modified by the

amending Scheme to be framed in pursuance of section

three of this Act shall apply, in lieu of the scheme in

operation prior to the first day of April, nineteen hundred

and twenty-six, to—

(i) all teachers who are or shall be in service within

the meaning of the Superannuation Scheme as so

modified, on or after the first day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, provided always

that, if any teacher who is in such service on the

said date, or any teacher who having discontinued

such service prior to the said date returns to such

service thereafter, gives notice to the Department within three months of the said date or of

Application of

Scheme as

modified by

amending

Scheme.

Ch. 55.

1352

12 & 13

Geo. 5.C.48.

Payments

from

Education

(Scotland)

Fund into

Exchequer,

and from

Exchequer

into Education (Scotland) Fund.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 59.

12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 42.

Account

and

actuarial

inquiries.

Education (Scotland) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

(Superannuation) Act, 1925.

the date of such return as the case may he or, in

any case where the special circumstances seem

to the Department to justify an extension of the said period, within such extended period as

the Department may fix, that he does not accept

the amending Scheme the provisions of the

Superannuation Scheme shall continue to apply

to such teacher to the same effect as if the

amending Scheme had not been made, and

provided also that in the Superannuation Scheme

as it applies to him, any reference to contributions payable under section one of the Education

(Scotland) (Superannuation) Act, 1922, shall be

deemed to include a reference to contributions

payable imdqr section two (1) (a) of this Act, and

(ii) to aU teachers who, having been in service before

the said date, are employed on or after that

date in such employment as may be prescribed.

6. —(1) In respect of the year commencing the first

day of April, nineteen himdred and twenty-six, and every

subsequent year there shall be paid out of the Education

(Scotland) Fund into the Exchequer eleven-eightieths of the amount received by the Exchequer in respect of

contributions paid by teachers and employers in England

and Wales under the Teachers (Superannuation) Act,

1925, towards the cost of the benefits thereunder.

(2) For the purpose of the payment into the Education (Scotland) Fund iri terms of section six of the Act

of 1919, in respect of the year commencing the first day

of April, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-six, and

every subsequent year, any contributions or balance of

contributions returned in terms of section two of the

School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1922, or in terms

of any Act amending the same, as well as any sums paid

as compensation in terms of section three thereof, shall

be included in the sums estimated to be expended and

the sums actually expended from the Vote for Education

in England and Wales on the superannuation of teachers.

7, —(1) There shall be kept in accordance with the

directions contained in the Schedule to this Act an

account in such form and prepared in such manner as

may be determined by the Department, after consultation with the Treasmy, of all revenue and expenditure

1925.

Education (Scotland)

(Superannuation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 55.

ri53

(including any sums which are under the said Schedule

to be deemed to be revenue or expenditure) under the

Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Acts, 1919, 1922,

and 1924 and unc^pr this Act, as from the first day of

June, nineteen hundred and twenty-two; and, at the

expiration of the period of seven years from the first

day of April, nineteen hrmdred and twenty-six, and at

the expiration of every subsequent period of seven years,

the Department shall cause an actuarial inquiry to be

made for the purpose of determining whether on the

basis of the said account the contributions payable

under this Act are sufiicient, or more than sufficient or

less than sufficient, to support the benefits payable in

respect of service subsequent to the thirty-first day of

May, nineteen htmdred and twenty-two.

(2) The Department shall cause a report of every

inquiry made imder this section to be laid before both

Houses of Parliament.

8. Section seven of the Act of 1919 (which makes

provision for expenses) shall apply to this Act and to the amending Scheme in like manner as it appHes to

that Act and the Scheme made in pursuance thereof.

9. In this Act unless the context otherwise requires—

" The Act of 1919" means the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Act, 1919;

" The Act of 1922" means the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Act, 1922;

" The Act of 1924" means the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Act, 1924;

" The Superannuation Scheme" means the

Teachers Superannuation Scheme framed

and approved under the Act of 1919 and

any amendment thereof;

" The Department" means the Scottish Education Department;

" Prescribed" means prescribed by the amending

Scheme to be made under this Act or by

rules under the said Scheme.

10. —(1) This Act shall apply to Scotland only.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Act, 1925, and the Acts of 1919,

1922, and 1924, and this Act may be cited together as

the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Acts, 1919

Application

of section 7

of 9 & 10

Geo. 6. c. 17.

Interpretation.

14 Geo. 5.

c. 13.

Short title,

extent and

construction.

1354

Section 7.

Ch. 55. Education (Scotland) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

(Superannuation) Act, 1925.

to 1925, and the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to

1924, and this Act may be cited togethei' as tl^e Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1925, and shall so far as

is consistent with the tenor thereof he construed as

one Act.

SCHEDULE.

Directions as to Account.

1. The accounting periods for which the account shall be

made up shall be from the first day of June, nineteen hundred

and twenty-two, to the thirty-first day of March, nineteen

hundred and twenty-three, and thereafter from the first day

of April in each year to the thirty-first day of March in the

next year.

2. There shall be treated as having been paid into the

revenue for each accounting period—

(a) by teachers the amount of teachers contributions attributable to the period, and by the education authorities,

governing bodies or other bodies of managers by whom

such teachers are employed a sum equal to that amount;

and

(b) out of the Education (Scotland) Fund a sum equal to the expenditure during the period upon Superannuation

and other allowances attributable to service before the

first day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-two;

and

(c) a sum representing interest at the rate of three and a half

per cent, per annum on the mean balance, if any, of

revenue over expenditure during the period; such mean

balance being calculated by adding together one half

of the balance (exclusive of any interest under this

paragraph) remaining at the end of the period and one

half of the balance, if any, carried forv^ard from the

last preceding accounting period; and

(d) the amount of any balance of revenue over expenditure

remaining at the end of the last preceding accounting

period; and

(e) any other revenue attributable to the period.

3. There shall be shown the expenditure upon allowances and

gratuities attributable to service before the first day of June,

nineteen hundred and twenty-two, separately from expenditure

upon allowances, gratuities, and the return of contributions

attributable to service since that date.

1925. Isle of Man (Customs) Ch. 66.

Act, 1925

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to amend the law with respect to Customs

in the Isle of ]\fan.

[31st July 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The additional duties of Customs on tobacco

removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by

the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1918, shall continue to be

charged, levied and paid as from the first day of July,

nineteen hundred and twenty-five, until the first day of

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-six:

Provided that in the case of the duties charged under

this section the preferential rate under section five of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1919, (which relates to

Imperial preference) shall be three-fourths of the full rate.

2. There shall be charged, levied and paid on and

from the ninth day of June, nineteen hundred and

twenty-five, until the first day of August, nineteen

hundred and twenty-six, such additional duties of

Customs on ale or beer removed or imported into the

Isle of Man as shall be sufficient to make when added to the existing duties a duty at the following rate;

For every thirty-six gallons, where the worts

were before fermentation of a specific

gravity of 1, 055 degrees, a duty of - - 31. 14s.

with a proportionate increase or decrease according to the

specific gravity of the worts thereof before fermentation.

3. The additional duties of Customs on spirits

removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by

the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1921, shall continue to

be charged, levied and paid as from the first day of

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, until the first

day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-six.

4. The duties of Customs on cocoa removed or

imported into the Isle of Man imposed by the Isle of

Man (Customs) Act, 1924, shall continue to be charged,

levied and paid as from the first day of August, nineteen

1355

Duties on

tobacco.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 41.

9& lOGeo.5.

c. 74.

Duties on

ale or beer,

Duties oil

spirits.

11 & 12 Geo

5. c. 40.

Duties on

cocoa.

14 & 15 Geo.

5, 0. 24,

1356

Ch. 56.

Duties on

hops.

9 & 10 Geo.

5. c. 32.

Duties oil

motor cars,

musical

instruments,

clocks, films,

&c.

Isle of Man (Customs) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

hundred and twenty-five, until the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six.

5. —(1) On and from the sixteenth day of August,

nineteen hrmdred and twenty-five, until the first day of

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, there shall be

charged, levied and paid on the following goods (not

being goods grown or manufactured in Great Britain or

Northern Ireland) removed or imported into the Isle of

Man the following duties of Customs, that is to say:—

£ s. d.

4 0 0

An amount equal to the duty on the

quantity of hops

which, in the

opinion of the

Commissioners of

Customs and Excise, has been used

in the manufacture

of the extract,

essence or preparation.

(2) In the case of any goods to which this section

applies, shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners

of Customs and Excise to have been consigned from and

grown, produced or manufactured in the British Empire,

the rate of duty shall be two-thirds of the full rate, and

the provisions of subsections (1) and (2) of section eight

of the Finance Act, 1919, shall apply with respect to the

preferential rates referred to in this section as they apply

with respect to the preferential rates referred to in that

section as though those provisions were herein set out

and in terms made applicable to the rates referred to in

this section, with the substitution of the Lieutenant-

Governor of the Isle of Man for the Board of Trade.

6. —(1) On and from the first of July, nineteen

hundred and twenty-five, until the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, there shall be charged,

levied and paid on any of the following articles (not being

articles manufactured or produced in Great Britain or

Hops - . - the cwt.

Every extract, essence or

other similar preparation

made from hops.

1925.

Tsle of Man (Gustoins)

Act, 1925. Ch. 56.

1357

Northern Ireland) removed or imported into the Isle of

Man the following duties of Customs, that is to say:—

MotcJr cars, including motor bicycles '

and motor tricycles -

Accessories and T component parts of

motor cars, motor bicycles, or An amount

motor tricycles other than tyres - equal to

Musical instruments, including thirty-three

gramophones, pianolas, and other I and

similar instruments - [one-third

Accessories and component parts of per cent, of

musical instruments, and records the value of

and other means of reproducing the article,

music ----

Clocks, watches, and the component

parts of clocks and watches -

Cinematograph films imported for the purpose ol

the exhibition of pictures or other optical effects

by means of a cinematograph or other similar

apparatus:—

Per linear foot

of the standard

width of

11 inches.

£ St dt

Blank film, on which no picture

has been impressed, known as raw

film or stock - - 0 0 0

Positives, i.e., films containing a

picture for exhibition, whether

developed or not - 0 0 1

Negatives, i.e., films containing a

photograph, whether developed or

not, from which positives can be

printed - - - 00 5

(2) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the

Commissioners of Customs and Excise that any article

is of a kind mainly used as an accessory or component

part which is hable to duty under this section, but is

imported for use for some other purpose or has been or

is being exclusively used for some other purpose, the

Commissioners shall, subject to such conditions, if any,

as they think fit to impose, allow the article to be

1358

Ch. 56.

Isle of Man (Customs) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

imported free of duty or repay any duty paid on

importation as the case requires.

(3) Motor cars which are proved to the satisfaction

of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise to be

constructed and adapted for use and intended to be

used solely as motor omnibuses or motor ambulances,

or in connection with the conveyance of goods or

burden in the course of trade or husbandry, or by a local

authority as fire engines or otherwise for the purposes

of their fire brigade service, and chassis, component

parts and accessories which are so proved to be intended

to be used solely for any such motor cars shall not be

charged with duty under this section:

Provided that, in such cases as the Commissioners of

Customs and Excise direct, cars, chassis, accessories or

parts, as the case may be, shall not be exempted unless

they are marked or stamped in such manner as the

Commissioners direct or approve with some distinctiv^e

stamp or mark showing that they are only to be so used.

On any transfer of a motor car or chassis which has

been exempted under this provision the transferor shall

give notice of the transfer and of the name and address

of the transferee to the Commissioners of Customs and

Excise.

If, while the duty on motor cars, motor bicycles and

motor tricycles, and accessories and component parts

thereof under this section remains in force, any person

obliterates or removes any such distinctive stamp or

mark, or uses any motor car, chassis, accessory or part

which has been exempted from duty under this provision for any purpose other than the purposes therein

mentioned, or fails to give notice of a transfer in accordance with this provision, he shall be liable on conviction

for the offence, prosecuted in the manner in which

offences punishable on summary conviction may for the

time being be prosecuted in the Isle of Man, to a fine

not exceeding one hundred poimds, or, at the option of the court, to imprisonment, with or without hard labour,

for a term not exceeding six months.

If it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise that any motor car,

chassis, component part or accessory has been, and is

being, exclusively used for purposes which entitle it to

an exemption from duty under this provision, the Com-

1925.

isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1925. Ch. 56.

1359

missioners may, subject to such conditions (if any) as

they think fit to impose, repay any duty paid on the

car, chasgis, part or accessory on importation.

(4) If it is proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Cusitoms and Excise as respects any

imported negative cinematograph film, whether developed

or undeveloped, that the production of the film was

organised by persons whose chief or only place of business

was in Great Britain or Northern Ireland, and that the

producer of the film and all the principal actors and

artists employed for the production thereof except five,

or, if the total number of the principal actors and artists

was less than twenty, not less than three-quarters of the

principal actors and artists so employed, were British

subjects and domiciled in Great Britain or Northern

Ireland, that film shall, subject to compliance with such

conditions as the Commissioners may by regulations

prescribe, be treated for the purpose of the duties

charged by this section on imported cinematograph films

as being blank film.

In this provision the expression "artists " includes

the person working the photographic camera by means

of which the pictures composing the film were taken.

(5) The Lieutenant-Governor of the Isle of Man may

by order exempt any articles mentioned in the order

which are liable to duty under this section from that

duty if he is satisfied that, having regard to the small

value of the article, it is inexpedient that the duty should

be charged.

(6) The Lieutenant-Governor of the Isle of Man

may make regulations providing for the total or partial

exemption for a. limited period from duty under this

section of any motor cars, including motor bicycles and

motor tricycles, brought into the Isle of Man by persons

making only a temporary stay therein.

(7) In the case of any article to which this section

applies, shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners

of Customs and Excise to have been consigned from,

and produced or manufactured in the British Empire, the

rate of duty shall be two-thirds of the full rate, and the

provisions of subsections (1) and (2) of section eight of the Finance Act, 1919, shall apply with respect to the

preferential rates referred to in this section as they

apply with respect to the preferential rates referred to in

that section, as though those provisions were herein set

1360

Duties on

silk.

Duties on

wine.

Ch. 56. Isle of Man (Customs)' 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

out and in terms made applicable to the rates referred to

in this section, with the substitution of the Lieutenant-

Governor of the Isle of Man for the Board of Trjide.

7. —(1) On and from the first day of July, nineteen

hundred and twenty-five, imtil the fti'st day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, there shall be charged,

levied, and paid on the removal or importation into the

Isle of Man of the articles specified in the first column

of Part I. of the Schedule to this Act respectively the

duties of Customs specified in the second column of the

said Part I., but subject to the provisions contained in

Part II. of the said Schedule.

(2) In the case of any article to which this section

applies, shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners

of Customs and Exci^ to have been consigned from, and

produced or manufactured in the British Empire, the

rate of duty shall be five-sixths of the full rate, and

the provisions of subsections (1) and (2) of section

eight of the Finance Act, 1919, shall apply with respect

to the preferential rates referred to in this section as

they apply with respect to the preferential rates referred

to in that section as though those provisions were herein

set out and in terms made applicable to the rates

referred to in this section, with the substitution of the

Lieutenant-Governor of the Isle of Man for the Board

of Trade, and with the substitution of the Isle of Man

for Great Britain or Northern Ireland.

8. —(1) On and from the ninth day of June, nineteen

hundred and twenty-five, until the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, there shall be charged,

levied and paid on wine removed or imported into the

Isle of Man the following duties of Customs, that is

to say: —

St

Wine not exceeding 30 degrees of proof

spirit, the gallon.2 6

Exceeding 30, but not exceeding 42 degrees

of proof spirit, the gallon - 6 0

For every degree or part of a degree beyond

the highest above charged, an additional duty, the gallon - 0 6

Sparkling wine imported in bottle, an

additional duty, the gallon - 12 6

Still wine imported in bottle, an addi?

tional duty, the gallon - 2 0

1925.

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1925. Ch. 56.

1361

(2) Subsection (2) of section eight of the Customs 53 & 54 Vict,

and Inland Revenue Act, 1890 (which provides that wine c. 8.

rendered .sparkling in warehouse is to be deemed to be

sparkling wine for the purpose of a •certain duty of

Customs imposed on sparkling wine), shall apply for the

purpose of the duty imposed on sparkling wine by this

section as it applied for the pm*pose of the duty mentioned in that subsection.

(3) Section five of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act,

1919 (which relates to Imperial preference), shall apply

to the duties chargeable under this section:

Provided that as from the first day of July, nineteen

hundred and twenty-five, the preferential rate of duty in

the case of wine exceeding 30 degrees of proof spirit

shall be thirty-three and a third per cent, of the full

rate, and in the case of sparkling wine in bottle (additional duty) shall be fifty per cent, of the full rate.

(4) In this section the expression "wine " includes

lees of wine.

9.—(1) On and from the first day of July, nineteen Duties on

hundred and twenty-five, until the first day of August, lace,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, there shall be charged,

levied and paid a duty of Customs equal to thirty-three

and a third per cent, of the value of the goods on the

removal or importation into the Isle of Man of any of the following goods (not being goods manufactured in

Great Britain or Northern Ireland), that is to say:—

Lace of cotton, silk, or other fibre, whether made

by hand or machine;

Products (not being solid fabrics) of the machines

known as the Leaver’s lace machine, the lace

curtain machine, the lace net machine, or the

circular lace machine;

Embroidery manufactured on net or any fabric

which, or the main part of which, is eliminated

before the article reaches its final stage.

(2) In the case of any goods to which this section

applies shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners

of Customs and Excise to have been consigned from, and

produced or manufactured in the British Empire, the

rate of duty shall be two-thirds of the full rate, and the

provisions of subsections (1) and (2) of section eight of

4 R

1362 Ch. 56. Isle of Man (Cv^toms) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

the Finance Act, 1919, shall apply with respect to the

preferential rates referred to in this section as they apply

with respect to the preferential rates referred to in that

section as though those provisions were herein set out

and in terms made applicable to the*- rates referred to in

this section, with the substitution of the Laeutenant-

Governor of the Isle of Man for the Board of Trade.

Definition of 10.—(1) The value of any article for the purposes

value for of sections six, seven and nine of this Act shall be

purposes of taken to be the price which an importer would give

duties. article if the article were delivered freight

and insurance paid in bond at the port of importation

in Great Britain or Northern Ireland, or, in the case

of importation direct into the Isle of Man from outside

Great Britain or Northern Ireland, at the port of

importation into the Isle of Man. Duty shall be

paid on that value as fixed by the Commissioners of

Customs and Excise:

Provided that, in the case of a motor car (including

a motor bicycle and a motor tricycle) imported with

t 3 U’es attached, the value of the tyres shall be deducted

from the value of the car for the purpose of the charge

of duty.

(2) Any dispute arising as to the proper rate of

duty^ payable under this section shall, so far as the

question of value is concerned, be referred to a referee

appointed by the Lieutenant-Governor of the Isle of

Man, and the decision of the referee shall be final and

conclusive.

SjJ 1 If the decision of the referee involves any variation

injthe amount of duty payable, duty shall be paid or

repaid, as the case may be, so as to correspond with that

decision.

39 & 40Vkt. Sections thirty and thirty-one of the Customs Con-

c. 36. solidation Act, 1876, shall, as respects any such dispute

as to value, have effect as if an application for reference

to a referee under this provision were substituted for the

action or suit mentioned in those sections.

Short title, 11. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1925.

1925.

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1925. Ch. 50.

1303

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Duties on Silk and Artieicial Silk.

Article. Amount of duty.

Silk:

Cocoons and waste of all kinds— s. d.

Undischarged ---- the lb. 1 0

Wholly or in part discharged other

than noils - - 30

Noils - -, , 10

Raw—

Undischarged -

WhoUy or in part discharged

Yarn—

Undischarged -

WhoUy or in part discharged—

Not being nod yam - . -

Noil yarn - - . - .

Tissues—

Undischarged -

WhoUy or in part discharged—

NoU tissue - . - . .

Tissue known as habutai not dyed

or printed -

Other tissues -

Artificial Silk:

Waste ----

Singles yarn and straw - -

Doubled or twisted thread advanced beyond the stage of singles yarn -

Tissues ----

ft

f>

if

f>

ff

3 0

4 4

4 8

6 8

1 6

5 3

1 7

6 6

7 9

1 0

2 0

3 0

3 6

Any other articles made wholly or

IN PART OF Silk or Artificial Silk:

Where the article is made whoUy of An amount equal to

silk or artificial silk, or where the thirty - three and

value of the silk or artificial silk one-third per cent,

component exceeds twenty per of the value of the

cent, of the aggregate of the article,

values of aU the components of the article.

Section 7. *

4R 2

1364

Ch. 56.

Isle of Man (Customs) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Article. Amount of duty.

Where the value of the silk or arti- An amount equal to

ficial silk component exceeds five ten per cent, of the

per cent., but does not exceed value of the article,

twenty per cent, of the aggregate*"

of the values of all the components

of the article.

Where the value of the silk or arti- An amount equal to

ficial silk component does not two per cent, of the

exceed five per cent, of the aggre- value of the article,

gate of the values of aU the

components of the article.

Part II.

Provisions as to Duties.

1. In calculating for the purpose of any duty the weight of

any yam or tissue the weight of any fibres other than sUk or

artificial silk or of any waterproofing materials in the yarn or

tissue shall be excluded.

2. Where the weight of the moisture contained in any raw

silk or silk yarn excels eleven per cent, of the weight of the

article, any duty payable in respect thereof shall be decreased

by one per cent, of the amoxmt of the duty for every one per

cent, of moisture contained in the article in excess of eleven

per cent.

3. Where any article chargeable with a duty under this

Schedule is also chargeable with a duty under section six of this Act, the duty under this Schedule shall not be charged

except in so far as the amount thereof exceeds the amount of the duty charged under the said section three.

4. Where any article chargeable under this Schedule with a

duty equal to a percentage of the value of the article is also

chargeable with the duty on lace imposed by this Act, the value

of the lace in the article shall be excluded in computing the

value of the article for the purpose of the duty imder this

Schedule, and where any article chargeable with duty under

this Schedule as a tissue is also chargeable with the duty on lace

imposed by this Act, the duty under this Schedule shall not be

charged except in so far as the amount thereof exceeds the

amount of the lace duty.

6. Where a specified amount of duty is charged in respect

of a specific weight of an article the amount of duty shall be

increased or decreased proportionately in the case of any greater

or less weight.

1925.

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1925. Ch. 56, 57.

1365

6. In this Schedule, unless the context otherwise requires,

the following expressions have the meaning hereby assigned to

them respectively, that is to say:—

" Tissues " includes tissues of all kinds and of any width,

whether woven or knitted;

" Discharged" means " from which the gum has been

removed ";

" Silk yarn" means thrown or spun silk, silk yarn and silk

threads of all kinds;

"Artificial silk yarn" means artificial silk yarn, thread

and straw.

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated

Fund to the service of the year ending on the

thirty-first day of ]\Iarch, one thousand nine

hundred and twenty-six, and to appropriate the

Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[7th August 1925.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards

making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted

to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have

resolved to grant rmto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter

mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your

Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and mth the advice

and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the authority of the same, as follows:—

Grant out op Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated issue of

Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making £2.54, 772, 058

good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the

Consolidated

Fund.

1366

Ch. 67.

Power for

the Treasury

to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 2.

Appropriation of sums

voted for

supply services.

Appropriation Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one

thousand nine hundred and twenty-six, the sum of

two hundred and fifty-four million seven htindred and

seventy-two thousand and fifty-eight pounds.

2.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person,

by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank

of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the

Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums

not exceeding in the whole two himdred and fifty-four

million seven hundred and seventy-two thousand and

fifty-eight pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills

issued under this section shall be a date not later than

the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred

and twenty-six, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act,

1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not

apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury

Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five

pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce

of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than

the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money

was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed imder this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and

shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be

available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

Appropriation op Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Act

mentioned in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Thnd towards making good the

supply granted to His Majesty, amoimting, as appears by

the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of four

hundred and twenty-six million, two hundred and twenty-

three thousand four hundred and eighty-five pounds, are

appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the Acts

mentioned in the said Schedule (A), for the services and

purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

1925.

Appropriation Act, 1925.

Ch. 57.

1367

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed

hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall

be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner

as if they* had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to»the sums hereby granted out of the

Consolidated Pund, there may be applied out of any

money directed under section two of the Public Accounts 54 & 55 Vict,

and Charges Act, 1891, to he applied as appropriations in 24.

aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified

in Schedule (B) annexed hereto the sums respectively set

forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4.—(1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on Treasury

naval and air services respectively is not made to exceed ""^7* er.

the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for those

services respectively, any surplus arising on any vote for authorise

those services, either by an excess of the sum realised on expenditure

account of appropriations in aid of the vote over the sum unprovided

which may be applied under tMs Act as appropriations in

aid of that vote, or by saving of expenditure on that vote, agfjregate

may, with the sanction of the Treasury, be temporarily grants for the

applied either in making up any deficiency in the sums uavyser-

realised on account of appropriations in aid of any other

vote in the same department, or in defraying expenditure respee-

in the same department which is not provided for in the tively be not

sums appropriated to the service of the department by exceeded,

this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public

service to postpone imtil provision can be made for it by

Parliament in the usual course.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the

sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary

application of a surplus rmder this section, and showing

the circumstances under which the sanction of the

Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House

of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the naval

and air services for the year, in order that any temporary

application of any surplus sanctioned by the Treasury

under this section may be submitted for the sanction of

Parliament.

5. Whereas under the powers given for the purpose Sanction for

by the Appropriation Act, 1923, surpluses arising on expenditure"

certain votes for the navy and air services respectively for 1923-1924

unprovidefl for.

1368

13 & 14 Geo 6.

c. 35.

Declaration

required

in certain

cases before

receipt of

sums appro-5

priated.

Ch. 57. Appropriation Act, 1925. 15 & 10 Geo. 5.

have been applied as shown in the account set out in

Schedule (C) to this Act:

It is enacted that the application of those eurpluses

as shown in the said account is hereby sanctioned.

6. —(1) A person shall not receive any payment out

of a grant which may he made in pursuance of this Act

for half-pay or army, navy, air force, or civil non-effective

services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may

from time to time he prescribed by a warrant of the

Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by the

warrant:

Provided that the Treasury may dispense with the

production of a declaration under this section in respect

of any payment if such a declaration has been subscribed

within a period of seven calendar months preceding the

date of the payment.

(2) Any person who makes a declaration for the

purpose of this section knowing the same to be untrue

in any material particular shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the

Appropriation Act, 192p.

Short

1925.

Appropriation Act, 1925.

Cii. .57.

1369

• ABSTRACT

» OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.) Section 3.

£ 8. d.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund - 426, 223, 485 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.)— Appropriation op Grants. Sections.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants,

Appropriations

in Aid. •

£ S. d.

220,000 0 0

£ ». d.

816,000 0 0

7, 917, 227 0 0 1, 053, 084 0 0

1924- 1925.

Part 1. Nary (Supplementary),

1924-1925 -

, 2. Civil Services (Supplementary), 1924-1925 -

1925- 1926.

Part 3. Navy - -

, 4. Army - -

Army (Ordnance Factories) _ - _

, 5. Air _ - - .

Part 6. Civil Services, Class I.

, 1 7. Civil Services, Class II. -

, 8. Civil Services, Class III. -

, 9. Civil Services, Class IV. -

10. Civil Services, Class V. -

60, 500, 100

0

0

3, 943, 460

0

0

44, 500,000

0

0

9, 833,000

0

0

100

0

0

3, 191, 700

0

0

15, 513, 010

0

0

5, 806, 300

0

0

120, 513, 210

0

0

22, 774, 460

0

0

6, 959, 379

0

0

664, 485

0

0

11, 366, 638

0

0

8, 050, 658

0

0

11, 726, 312

0

0

1, 674, 246

0

0

49.066, 197

0

0

2, 993, 869

0

0

7, 890, 440

0

0

703, 591

0

0

87, 008, 966

0

0

14, 086, 849

0

0

Carried forward - £

1370

Ch. 57.

Appropriation Act, 1925. 15 & IG Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Appropriation of

Grants.

SCHEI). (A.)

SCHEDULE (B.)— ^Appropriation op Grants — cont.

Sums not exceeding ,

Supply Grants.

4

Appropriations

in Aid.

s.

1

d. ■

8 .

d.

Brought forward -

87, 008, 966

0

0

14, 086, 849

0

0

Part 11. Civil Services,

Class VI. -

96, 961, 362

0

0

2, 114, 931

0

0

, 12. Civil Services,

Class VU. -

36, 112, 857

0

0

4, 723, 983

0

0

, 13. Civil Services,

Unclassified

13, 141, 228

0

0

3, 547, 842

0

0

Total Civil 1 £ '

Services -j

233, 224, 413

0

0

24, 473, 605

0

0

Part 14. Revenue De-

partments, &c.

64, 348, 635

0

0

2, 476, 669

0

0

Grand Total - £

426, 223, 485

0

0

51, 593, 818

0

0

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

i'or the service of the year ending on the

3l8t day of March 1925:—

s.

d.

Under Act 15 Geo. 5. c. 8 -

- 8, 137, 227

0

0

I'or the service of the year ending

on the

31 st day of March 1926 :—

Under Act 15 Geo. 5. c. 8 -

- 163, 314, 200

0

0

Under this Act -

- 254, 772, 058

0

0

Total

- 426, 223, 485

0

0

Total

1925

Appropriation Act, 1925,

Ch. 57

1371

SCHEDULE (B.)— Paet 1.

Navy (Supplementary), 1924-1925,

Schedule of Sums granted to meet additional expenditure on

Navy Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March,

1925, viz.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote 4. Civilians employed on Fleet Services

Vote 8. Shipbuilding, Repairs, Maintenance, &c.; —

Section I. Personnel

Section II. Materiel

Vote 9. Naval Armaments . -

Vote 10. Works, Buildings, and Repairs at

Home and Abroad ...

Vote 11. Miscellaneous Effective Services .

Vote 12. Admiralty Office - .

Vote 14. Non-Effective Services (Naval and

Marine), Men . .

Amount anticipated to be written off as

irrecoverable.

Less Surpluses on—

Vote 2. Victualling and Clothing for the

Navy . . .

Vote 3. Medical Establishments and Services .

Vote 5. Educational Services - - .

Vote 6. Scientific Services .

Vote 7. Royal Naval Reserves -

Vote 8. Shipbuilding, Repairs, Maintenance, &c.:—

Section I. Personnel

Section II. Matdriel -

Section HI. Contract Work -

Vote 9. Naval Armaments - . .

Vote 10. Works, Buildings, and Repairs

at Home and Abroad

Vote 11. Miscellaneous Effective Services-

Vote 13. Non-Effective Services (Naval

and Marine), Officers

Total Surplus

Net Amount -

14, 900

545, 100

197, 300

15, 700

134, 100

319, 200

232,000

106, 900

15,000

1

1, 580, 200

Gross

Expenditure.

27, 300

17, 400

9,000

9,000

4, 900

5,000

20, 500

17, 200

37, 300

1, 700

82,000

85,000

436,000

5,000

449, 200

60,000

78, 500

9, 200

6,000

544, 200

816,000

k

J

1, 360, 200

220,000

SCHED. (B.)

Part 1.

Navy

(Supplementary),

1924-1925.

1372

Ch. 57.

AppropHation Act, 1925. 15 & 16 (Jko. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 2.

Civil Services

(Supplementary),

1924-1925.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 2.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1924-1925.

ScHEDUi, E of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges

for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year

ended on the 31st day of March 1925, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

CIVIL SERVICES.

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Class

For expenditure in respect of Royal

Palaces, including grant-in-aid

For expenditure in respect of the royal

1, 600

2, 750

parks and pleasure gardens -

For expenditure in respect of diplo-

58,000

"""

matic and consular buildings -

For expenditure in respect of sundiy

public buildings in Great Britain,

4, 020

1

including historic buildings, ancient

monuments and Brompton Cemetery

54,000

13, 500

For expenditure in respect of the

erection of houses by the Office of

Works on behalf of local authorities

1

proceeding with assisted housing

schemes approved bV the Ministry

i

of Health in accordance with the

provisions of the Housing, Town

Planning, &c. Act, 1919

10

1, 990

For expenditure in respect of housing

schemes under the management of the Office of Works _ _ -

61, 975 i

9, 750

For rates and contributions in lieu of

rates, &c., in respect of Government

property, and for rates on houses

occupied by representatives of

Foreign Powers, and for the salaries

and expenses of the Rating of

Government Property Department,

and for a contribution towards the

1

i

1

expenses of the London Fire Brigade

47,000

1,000

Carried forward - £

226, 605

28, 990

1925.

Appropriation Act, 1925.

Ch. 57.

1373

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 2— continued.

CIVIL SERVICES-cont.

Brought forward -

Class I.— cord.

Ft)r the salaries and expenses of the

department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs,

including the News Department

For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Overseas Trade

Class H.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries,

including expenses under the Agricultural Wages (Regulation) Act,

1924, a subsidy on sugar and

molasses manufactured from beet

grown in Great Britain, loans to

agricultural co-operative societies,

grants for agricultural education and

research, grants in aid of the small

holdings account, and certain other

grants in aid; and of the Royal

Botanic Gardens, Kew -

For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books for the public

service; for the salaries and expenses

of the Stationery Office; and for sundry Miscellaneous Services, including

Reports of Parliamentary Debates -

For the salaries and expenses of the

office of His Majesty’s Secretary for

Scotland and subordinate offices,

expenses under the Inebriates Acts,

1879 to 1900, expenses under the

Private Legislation Procedure

(Scotland) Act, 1899, a subsidy for

steamer services to the Hebrides,

and grants in respect of unemployment schemes _ . _ _

- £

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

226, 605

28, 990

11,000

* -17,000

7,000

* -54, 128

268,000

45,000

10

557, 615

-42, 138

SCHED. (B.)

Part 2.

Civil Services

(Supplementary),

1924-1925.

Carried forward

* Deficit.

1374

Ch. 67.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 15 & 16 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 2.

Civil Services

(Supplementary),

1924-25.,

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 2 — continued.

Sums not e^ceetling

Supply

Appropriations

, Grants.

in Aid.

CIVIL SERVICES-cont.

Brought forward -

557, 615

-42, 138

Class III.

For the salaries and expenses connected

with the county courts, including

bonus to county court judges -

10

187, 169

Class V.

For sundry Colonial Services, including

expenditure in connection with ex-

service men in the Irish Free State,

and certain grants-in-aid

to

For sundry Middle Eastern Services

under His Majesty’s Secretary of

State for the Colonies, including

certain non-effective services and

grants-in-aid -

10

To make good the net loss on transactions connected with the raising

of money for the various Treasury

Chests abroad in the year 1923-24 -

657

For a grant-in-aid to the Sudan Government _ _ - _ .

10

499, 990

Class VI.

For the expenses of pensions, compensation allowances and gratuities

awarded to retired and disbanded

members and staff of the Royal

Irish Constabulary, and to widows

and children of such members, including annuities to the National

Debt Commissioners in respect of

commutation of compensation

allowances, and certain extra

statutory payments _ . -

8,000

46, 563

Carried forward - £

566, 312

1

691, 584

1925.

Appropriation Act, 1925.

Ch. 57.

1375

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

CrVIL SERVICES— cont.

Brought forward -

566, 312

691, 584

Class VI.— continued.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, and for sundry

contributions in respect of the

administration of the ^linistry of

Pensions Act, 1916, the War Pensions Acts, 1915 to 1921, and

sundry services

2, 096,000

22,000

For expenditure in connection with

British Government exhibits and

sundry displays at the British

Empire Exhibitions, 1924 and 1925 |

158, 500

14, 500

For a grant-in-aid of the mission of

His Royal Highness the Prince of

Wales to South Africa, other parts

of Africa, and South America -

1

2,000

{ _

For a grant-in-aid of the Irish Sailors

and Soldiers Land Trust

509, 885

For a grant-in-aid of the Government

Hospitality Fund - - |

17, 500

Class VH.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health, including grants

and other expenses in connection

with housing, grants to local authorities, public utility companies, &c.,

sundry grants in respect of benefits

and expenses of administration

under the National Health Insurance

Acts, 1911 to 1924, certain grants in

aid, and certain special services

arising out of the war -

1 1

1

i

10

Carried forward - £

3, 350, 207

728, 084

SCHED. (B.)

Part 2.

Civil Services

(Supplementary),

1924-25.

1376

Cu. 57.

Appropriation Act, 192u. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 2,

Civil Services

(Supplementary),

1924-25.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 2 — continued.

CIVIL SERVICES-cont.

Brought forward -

Sums not e|ceeding

Supply

AppropriiiUous

1 Grants.

in Aid.

3, 350, 207

728, 084

Class VII— cont.

For the salaries and expenses of the

Scottish Board of Health, including

grants and other expenses in connection with housing, grants to local

authorities, &c., sundrj'^ grants in

respect of benefits and expenses of

administration under the National

Health Insurance Acts, 1911 to 1924, |

certain grants in aid, and certain

special services arising out of the

war 10

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and subordinate

departments, including the contributions to the Unemployment Fund,

and to special schemes, and pay- I

ments to associations, local education authorities and others for

administration under the Unemployment Insurance and Labour Exchanges Acts; expenditure in con- '

nection with the training of demobilised Officers, non-commissioned ,

Officers and men, and nurses;

grants for resettlement in civil life;

and the expenses of the Industrial

Court; also expenses in connection

with the International Labour

Organisation (League of Nations);

and certain grants-in-aid - - 422,000 325,000

Carried forward

£ 3, 772, 217 1, 053, 084

1925.

Appropriation Act, 1925.

Ch. 57.

1377

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part continued.

Sums not

exceeding

CIVIL SERV5CES—conf.

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

ill Aid.

Brought forward -

3, 772, 217

1, 053, 084

Unclassified Services.

For relief arising out of unemployment,

including a grant-in-aid -

10

For a grant-in-aid of the revenues of the Government of Northern Ireland

1, 250,000

To meet the balance of civil pay to

certain civil servants who served

with His Majesty’s Forces during

the great war

2, 895,000

Total Civil Services

7, 917, 227

1, 053, 084

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 3.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may he

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly

mentioned, which wiU come in course of payment during

the year ending on the 31st day of March 1926; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

No.

Supply

Appropriations

1; For wages, &c., to 102, 675 officers.

Grants.

in Aid.

seamen, and boys, and royal

marines; and civilians employed

on fleet services (revised sum) -

14, 890, 300

89, 086

2. For victualling and clothing for

the navy, including the cost of

victualling establishments at

home and abroad (revised sum) -

4, 332, 830

943, 500

1

3. I'or medical services, including

the cost of medical establishments

at home and abroad -

457, 600

40, 569

Carried forward - £

19, 680, 730 1

1, 073, 155

4S

SCHED. (B.)

Part 2.

Civil Services

(Supplementary),

1924-25.

ScUKD. (B.)

Part 3.

Na\7'.

1378

Ch. 67.

Appropriation Act, 1925. 16 & 16 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 3.

Navy.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 3— continued.

No.

4.

5 .

6 .

7.

8.

9.

10 .

11 .

12 .

13.

14.

15.

Brought forward

Sums not

Supply

' Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

19, 680, 730

1, 073, 155

For the fleet air arni - _ -

For educational services

For scientific services -

For the royal naval reserve, the

royal fleet reserve, and the royal

naval volunteer reserve, &c.

Sect. 1. For the personnel for

shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., at dockyards and naval

yards at home and abroad (including a supplementary sum of

25, 4701) - - _ -

Sect. 2. For the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance,

&c., at dockyards and naval

yards at home and abroad (revised

sum) - .

Sect. 3. For contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, &c. (including

a supplementary sum of 429, 8001)

For naval armaments (including

wages, &c., of 350 marine pensioner police and including a

supplementary sum of 10,000l) -

For works, buildings, and repairs

at home and abroad, including

the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants in aid, and

other charges connected therewith - _ .

For various miscellaneous effective

services -

For the Admiralty OfiBce

For non-effective services (naval

and marine)—officers

For non-effective services (naval

and marine)—men -

For civil superannuation, compensation allowances and gratuities

1, 320,000

336,000

438, 400

486,000

7, 887, 470

7, 029, 800

6, 194, 300

4, 371, 900

2, 588,000

790, 600

1, 246, 100

2, 889, 800

4, 401, 900

839, 100

72, 531

70, 486

1, 080

165, 348

1, 490, 200

122, 500

350,000

440,000

94, 173

6, 797

21, 963

34, 800

427

Total, Eavt Services

- £

60, 500, 100

3, 943, 460

1925.

Ch. 57.

1379

Appropriation Act, 1925.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 4.

fRMY.

Schedule of the sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Army Services and of the Army

Ordnance Factories which will come in course of payment

during the year ending on the Slst day of March 1926.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Amount required for Army Services

in 1925-26 .

44, 500,000

1

Estimated Receipts to he appropriated

in Aid of Army Services in

1925-26 .

9, 833,000

ARMY (ORDNANCE FACTORIES).

For the Ordnance Factories, the cost

of the production of which will be

charged to the Army, Navy, Air

Force, &c. ----

100

3, 191, 700

SCHED. (B.)

Part 4.

Army.

4S 2

1380

Ch. B7.

Appropriation Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Past 5.

Air.

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 5.

AIR.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may

be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto,

to defray the charges of the Air Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

Sums not exceeiling

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For the pay, &c. of the Air Force

to a number not exceeding 36,000

3, 412,000

1, 229, 500

2. For quartering, stores (except

technical), supplies, and transport .

1, 459,000

900,000

3. For technical and warlike stores

(including experimental and

research services) - -

5, 650,000

2, 931,000

4. For works, buildings, repairs, and

lands, including civilian staff,

and other charges connected

therewith ----

2, 572,000

510, 300

5. For medical services -

204,000

151, 500

6. For educational services

486,000

17,000

7. For auxiliary and reserve forces -

348,000

1,000

8, For Civil Aviation (including a

supplementary sum of 101.)

357, 010

12, 500

9. For meteorological and miscel-

laneous effective services -

131,000

51,000

10. For the Air Ministry -

751,000

1,000

11. For rewards, half-pay, retired pay,

widows’ pensions, and other non-

effective services - _ -

143,000

1, 500

Total Air Services £

15, 513, 010

5, 806, 300

1925.

Appropriation Act, 1925.

Ch. 57.

13S1

SCHEDULE (B.)-Part 6. SCHED. (B.)

_ Part 6.

Civil Services.

• CIVIL SERVICES.— Class I. Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in, addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1926; viz.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Qrants. in Aid.

No.

1. For expenditure in respect of royal £ £

palaces, including a grant in aid 120, 140 12, 950

2. For expenditure in respect of

Osborne - - - 16, 470 5, 365

3. For expenditure in respect of the

royal parks and pleasure gardens 226, 410 32, 250

4. For expenditure iu respect of the

Houses of Parliament buildings - 90, 820 300

5. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings - - 85, 270 1, 200

6. For expenditure in respect of Art

and Science buildings. Great

Britain ---- 370, 240 9, 280

7. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular buildings - 266, 020 4, 850

8. For expenditure in respect of

Customs and Excise, Inland Re- ,

venue, Post Office and Telegraph I

buildings in Great Britain, and

certain Post Offices abroad - 1, 374, 300 17, 900

9. For expenditure in respect of Employment Exchange, and Insurance buildings. Great Britain

(including Ministries of Labour

and Health) .... 496, 300 44,000

10. For expenditure in respect of

svmdry public buildings in Great

Britain not provided for in

other Votes, including Historic

Buildings, Ancient Monuments

and Brompton Cemetery - - 1, 795, 440 227,000

Carried fonvard

£ 4, 841, 410 355, 095

1382

Ch. 57.

Appropriation Act, 192^. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Baet 6.

Civil Services.

Class I.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 6— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

' Grants. in Aid.

Brought forward

No.

10a. For expenditure in respect of the

erection of houses by the Office

of Works on behalf of Local

Authorities proceeding with

assisted Housing Schemes approved by the Ministry of Health

in accordance with the provisions

of the Housing, Town Planning,

&c. Act, 1919 - .

10b. For expenditure in respect of

Housing schemes under the

management of the Office of

Works - - .

10c. For a contribution to the cost of the improvement of the approach

to the Mall _ - . -

11. For the expenses of the survey of

Great Britain, and for minor

services connected therewith

12. For the expenses of constructing

a new harbour of refuge at

Peterhead -

13. For rates and contributions in lieu

of rates, &c., in respect of property in the occupation of the

Crown for the Public Service,

and for rates on houses occupied

by Eepresentatives of Foreign

Powers, and for salaries and

expenses of the Rating of Government Property Department, and

for a contribution towards the

expenses of the London Fire

Brigade -

14. For expenditure in respect of

public works and buildings in

Ireland -

Total Civil Services, Class I. £

4, 841, 410

355, 095

10

9, 490

20, 565

140, 420

9,000

160, 900

87, 150

32,000

1

1, 804, 564

67, 200

90, 930

5, 130

6, 959, 379

664, 485

1925.

Appropriation Act, 1925.

CH.i57.

1383

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 7. Sched.(B.)

_' ' Part 7.

CIVIL SERVICES.— Class H.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may he

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the Slst day of March

1926; viz.:—

Civil Services.

Class n.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the offices of the House of

Lords _ - -

2. For the salaries and expenses of

55, 860

4,000

the House of Commons

3. For the salaries and other expenses

in the department of His Majesty’s

Treasury and subordinate depart-

362, 748

14, 500

ments . - . - -

4. For the salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Home

Department and subordinate

offices, including Liquidation

Expenses of the Royal Irish

Constabulary and extra-statutory

contributions towards the ex-

315, 807

29, 215

penses of a system of Probation -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for Foreign

418, 744

74, 643

Affairs ----

6. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for the

Colonies, and of the Department

of His Majesty’s Secretary of State

for Dominion Affairs (including

193, 170

106, 257

1

a supplementary sum of lOL)

177, 483

Carried forward - ii

1, 523, 812

228, 615

1384

Ch. 57.

Appropriation Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7.

Civil Services.

Class n.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 7— continued.

Sums not eXoeeding

Supply

Srants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Brought forward

Ro.

7. For a contribution towards the cost

of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for India in

Council, including a grant in aid

1, 523, 812

228, 615

115, 500

8. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s

most Honourably Privy Council -

10, 871

4, 750

9. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of

Privy Council for Trade, and

subordinate departments, including certain Services arising out

of the War . - - .

1

534, 714

1, 023, 357

9a. For expenditure arising out of

contracts dated 9th April 1918,

and 3rd March 1922, entered into

with the Zinc Producers’ Association Proprietary, Limited, for

the purchase of Zinc Concentrates . - _

259,000

1, 571,000

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Overseas

Trade . - _ - .

344, 907

66, 243

11. For the salaries and expenses of

certain services transferred from

the Mercantile Marine Fund and

other services connected with the

Mercantile Marine, including

the Coastguard, General Register

and Record Office of Shipping

and Seamen, Merchant Seamen’s

Fund Pensions and grants to the

General Lighthouse Fund and

other Lighthouse Authorities

425, 035

288, 562

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Trade, under the

Bankruptcy Act, 1914

10

1

183, 592

Carried forwai-d - £

3, 213, 849

3, 366, 119

1925.

Appropriation Act, 1925.

Ch. 57.

1385

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 7— continued.

• 1

Sums not exceeding

0

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

, £

Brought forward -

No.

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Mines Department of the

3, 213, 849

3, 366, 119

Board of Trade - - 169, 545 6, 037

14. For the salaries and expenses of j

the Ministry of Agriculture and

Fisheries, including a subsidy on

sugar and molasses manufactured

from beet grown in Great Britain,

expenses under the Agricultural I

Wages (Regulation) Act, 1924,

loans to agricultural co-operative

societies, grants for Agricultural

Education and Research, a grant

in aid of the Small Holdings

Account, and certain other grants

in aid; and of the Royal Botanic

Gardens, Kew - - 2, 840, 386 561,000

15. For a grant in aid of the Forestry

Fund - _ - 300,000 —

16. For the salaries and expenses of i [

the Ministry of Transport under I

the Ministry of Transport Act, |

1919, expenses of the Railway

Rates Tribunal under the Railways Act, 1921, expenses under

the London Traffic Act, 1924,

expenses in respect of advances j 1

under the Light Railways Act,

1896, expenses of maintaining |

Holyhead Harbour, advances to

meet deficit in Ramsgate Harbour

Fund, advances to Caledonian

and Crinan Canals; and for expenditure in connection with the i

Technical Survey for a general I

scheme of Generation and Transmission of Electricity in Great I

Britain (including a supplementary sum of 15,0001.) - _i3^9^ 142, 858

Carried forward - ii i 6, 658, 073 i 4, 076, 020

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7.

Civil Services.

Class II.

1386

Ch. 57.

Appropriation Act, 1925* 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7.

Civil Services.

Glass II.

No.

17.

18.

19.

20 .

21 .

22 .

23.

24.

25.

26.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7 — continued.

Sums nut ej^eeding

Supply

Appropriations

< Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward -

6, 658, 073

4, 076, 020

For the salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales-

42, 951

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Government Chemist - -

j

55, 876

For the salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission -

62, 649

For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and Auditor General

150, 935

6, 966

For the salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies

45, 308

4,000

For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Government Actuary -

39, 049

For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Control (Lunacy and

Mental Deficiency), England, and

grants in respect of the maintenance of certain ex-service mental

patients ----

547, 804

10, 307

For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses

of coinage, and for the expenses

of the preparation of medals, dies

for postage and other stamps, and

His Majesty’s seals -

500,000

2, 296,000

For the salaries and expenses of the National Debt OflSce -

16, 995 i

13, 980

For the salaries and expenses of the Public Record OlEce and of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrobnents

37, 122

Carried forward - £

8, 156, 762

6, 407, 273

1925.

Appropnation Act, 1925.

Ch. 57.

1387

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 7 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward -

No

8, 156, 762

6, 407, 273

27. For the salaries and expenses of the

establishment under the Public

Works Loan Commissioners

10

25, 317

28. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar

General of Births, &c.

83, 218

22, 200

29. For the salaries and expenses of the State Management Districts,

including the salaries of the

central ofi&ce and the cost of

acquisition and management of

licensed premises - - .

100

731, 575

30. For stationery, printing, paper,

binding, and printed books for

the pubbc service, for the salaries

and expenses of the Stationery

Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of Parliamentary Debates -

1, 563, 809

685,000

31. For the salaries and expenses in

the office of Commissioners of

Crown Lands, including bonus to

Commissioner and Secretary

27, 289 1

32. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners

of His Majesty’s Works and

Public Buildings

563, 420

79,000

33. For His Majesty’s foreign and other

secret services -

180,000

34. For the salaries and expenses of -

the office of the Lord Privy Seal

2, 409

1

Cairied forward - £

10, 577, 017

7, 950, 365

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7.

OivilServices.

Class II.

1388

Ch. 57.

Appropriation Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 7— continued.

Past 7. -—-

Civil Services.

Sums not exceociing

Class n.

Supply

Appropriations

Brought forward - - ]

No.

35. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of His Majesty’s Secretary

for Scotland and subordinate

offices, expenses under the

Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1900,

expenses under the Private

Legislation Procedure (Scotland)

Act, 1899; a subsidy for steamer

services to the Hebrides; and

grants in respect of unemployment schemes -

1 Giants.

10, 577, 017

1

in Aid.

7, 950, 365

193, 808

1

5, 790

36. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Agriculture for

Scotland, including grants for 1

agricultural education and training, loans to co-operative societies, and certain grants in aid

385, 775

66, 723

37. For the salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland,

including expenses of marine

superintendence, Ibans to herring fishermen for the purchase

of drift nets, and grants in aid

of piers or quays - . -

75, 515

24, 810

38. For the salaries and expenses of the Genera] Board of Control

for Scotland and grants in respect

of the maintenance of certain

ex-service mental patients

75, 954

550

39. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar

General of Births, &c., in Scot- ,

land - - - '

15, 532

2,000

40. For certain Northern Ireland

services, including expenditure

in connection with ex-service

officers and men in Northern

Ireland _ . -

43, 037

420

Total Civil Services, Class II. - £ 11, 366, 638 8, 050, 658

1925.

1

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 57.

1389

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part S.

CIVIL SERVICES.— Class HI.

A •

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may he

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the Slst day of March

1920; viz.; —

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers

department, the salaries and expenses of the departments of His

Majesty’s Procurator - General,

and of the Solicitor for the Affairs

of His Majesty’s Treasury, and of the department of the Director of

Public Prosecutions, for the costs

of prosecutions, of other legal

proceedings, and of Parliament-

ary Agency . -

2. For certain miscellaneous legal

expenses, for the salaries and expenses of Arbitrators, &c., under

the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919,

for the salaries and expenses of the

War Compensation Court under

the Indemnity Act, 1920, and for

a grant in aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law Society

225, 904

1

i

40,000

of England _ -

3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of

Judicature and Court of Criminal

Appeal as are not charged on the

Consolidated Fund, including

bonus on certain statutory salaries,

and the salaries and expenses of

52, 645

Pensions Appeals Tribunals

415, 135

126, 705

Carried forward - £

693, 684

166, 705

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8.

Civil Services.

Class m.

1390

Ch. 57.

Appropriation Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B).

Part 8.

Civil Services.

Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8 — continued.

No.

4.

5.

6 .

7.

8 .

9.

Sums not eiceeding

, Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

693, 684

166, 705

For the salaries and expenses of the office of Land Registry

95, 390

For the salaries and expenses of the office of Public Trustee

10

222, 156

For the salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts,

including bonus to County Court

Judges ----

10 i

681, 141

For the salaries of the Commissioner

and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan

Police District, bonus to Metropolitan Police Magistrates, the

contribution towards the expenses of the Metropolitan Pobce,

the salaries and expenses of the

Inspectors of Constabulary, and

other Grants in respect of Police

Expenditui'e, including places of

detention and a grant in aid of the Police Federation

6, 394, 897

1

180

For the expenses of the prisons in

England and Wales -

1, 012, 302

1

243, 500

For grants in respect of the maintenance of juvenile offenders in

reformatory and industrial

schools, and in auxiliary homes

in England and Wales, and

whilst under supervision; also

for the payment of salaries and

other expenses in connection

with the collection of parental

contributions towards the maintenance of children -

1

1

303, 063

21, 050

Carried forward - £

8, 499, 356

1, 334, 732

1925.

AppropHation Act, 1925.

Ch. 67.

1391

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 8— continued.

O

Brought forward

No.

10. For the expenses of the maintenance

of criminal lunatics in the Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the

Lord Advocate’s department and

other law charges, the salaries

and expenses of the Courts of

Law and Justice and of Pensions

Appeals Tribunals in Scotland,

and bonus on certain statutory

salaries -

12. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Scottish Land

Court, including bonus to

members of the Court

13. For the salaries and expenses

of the offices in His Majesty’s

General Register House, Edinburgh . _ . - -

14. For grants in respect of Police

Expenditure and for a grant in

aid of the Police Federation in

Scotland -

15. For the salaries and expenses of the Prison Commissioners for

Scotland, and of the prisons

under their control, including

the maintenance of criminal

lunatics, defectives, and inmates

of the State inebriate reformatory, the preparation of judicial

statistics, and a grant for

certain expenses connected with

discharged prisoners

Carried forward - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

8, 499, 356

1, 334, 732

76, 168

4, 754

88, 232

115,000

10, 519

74, 831

765,000

162, 714

34, 950

9, 676, 820

1, 489, 436

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8.

Civil Services.

Class in.

1392

Ch. 57.

Appropriation Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8.

Civil Services.

Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8 — continued.

4

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward -

9, 676, 820

], 48i), 436

No.

16. For the expense of the maintenance

of juvenile offenders in refonna-

tory, industrial, and day industrial

schools, and in auxiliary homes

in Scotland, including the expenses of collection of parental

contributions - -

75, 601

3, 500

17. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court

of Judicature of Northern

Ireland, and of the Land

Registry of Northern Ireland, as

are not charged on the Consoli-

dated Fund, and other expenses

46, 152

800

18. For the salaries and expenses

of the Land Purchase Commission in Northern Ireland,

including the payment of I.and

Purchase Annuities in Northern

Ireland and the expenses of

certain Land Purchase Services

in the Irish Free State reserved

as an imperial liability

1, 927, 739

180, 510

Total Civil Services, Class HI. £

11, 726, 312

1, 674, 246

1925.

Appropriation Act, 1925.

Ch. 67.

1393

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 9.

CIVIL, SERVICES.— Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the Slst day of March

192G; viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Education, and of the

various establishments connected

therewith, including sundry

1

grants in aid - . - -

2. For the salaries and other expenses

of the British Museum, and of the

Natural History Museum, includ-

40, 652, 754

j

2, 460, 476

ing certain grants in aid -

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Gallery, and of the

National Gallery of British Art,

Millbank, including a grant in

295, 941

i

18, 341

aid for the purchase of pictures -

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for the pur-

29, 910

i

3, 750

chase of portraits . _ _

5, For the salaries and expenses of the

7, 731

830

Wallace Collection -

6. For the salaries and expenses in

respect of the London Museum,

12, 977

i

2,000

Lancaster House _ _ _

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

4, 926

1, 032

Lnperial War Museum

12, 522

850

Carried forward - £

4T

41, 016, 761

2, 487, 279

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9.

Civil Services.

Class ly.

1394

Ch. 57.

Appropriation Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9.

Civil Services.

Class IV.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 9 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Brough.! forward

Ko.

8. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, &c., and other

grants . - _ _ .

(Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

41, 016, 761

2, 487, 279

200, 187

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Scientific

and Industrial Research, including the Geological Survey of

Great Britain, the Museum of

Practical Geology, and a grant

in aid - - -

380, 263

117, 619

10. For grants in aid of the expenses of

certain Universities, Colleges,

Medical Schools, &c., in Great

Britain, and of the expenses

under the Welsh Intermediate

Education Act, 1889 -

1, 580, 500

11. For public education in Scotland,

and for the Royal Scottish

Museum, Edinburgh, including

a grant in aid (including a supplementary sum of 32, 7031.)

5, 877, 805

388, 788

12. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, Scotland,

the Scottish National Portrait

Gallery, and the Museum of

Antiquities, including certain

- grants in aid - -

10, 681

183

Total Civil Services, Class

* IV. - - £

49, 066, 197

2, 993, 869

1925.

Appropriation Act, 1925.

Ch. 57.

1395

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES.— Class V.

ft

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1926; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the expenses in connection

with His Majesty’s embassies,

missions, and consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable to the Consular

Vote, relief of refugees from the

Near East, certain special grants

and sundry services arising out

of the War (including a supplementary sum of 60,000f.) -

2. For sundry colonial services,

including expenditure in connection with ex-service men in

the Irish Free State and certain

grants in aid (including a supplementary sum of 8,0001.)

3. For the expenses connected with

Oversea Settlement, including

certain grants in aid and expenses

arising out of the Empire Settlement Act, 1922, and the Free

Passage Scheme for ex-service

men and women . _ _

Carried forward - £

Supply

Grants.

Appropriatieus

in Aid.

1, 154, 124

599, 040

1, 224, 207

497, 925

100,000

2, 876, 256

699, 040

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10.

Civil Services.

Class V.

4T 2

1396

Ch. 57.

Appropriation Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10.

Civil Services.

Class V.

SCHEDULE (B).— Part 10— continued.

Brought forward

Sums not/ axceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

2, 876, 256

699, 040

No.

4. For sundry Middle Eastern services

under His Majesty’s Secretary of

State for the Colonies including

certain non-effective services and

grants in aid (including a supplementary sum of 155, 0()0J.)

4, 925,000

5. For a grant in aid of the expenses

of the League of Nations and for

other expenses in connection

therewith, including British

Representation before the Permanent Court of International

Justice - - -

72, 500

6. For a grant in aid of the expenses

of a system of submarine cables

and wireless telegraph stations

in the West Indian Islands and

British Guiana - -

16, 684 I 4, 551

Total Civil Services, Class \

7, 890, 440, 703, 591

1925.

Appropriation Act, 1925.

Ch. 57.

1397

SCHEDULE (B.)-Part 11.

» —--

CIVIL .SERVICES.— Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the Slst day of March

1926; viz.; —

Sums not exceeding

1

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For superannuation, compensation,

compassionate and additional

allowances and gratuities under

sundry Statutes, for compassionate allowances, gratuities and

supplementary pensions awarded

by the Treasury, and, under the

Government of Ireland Act, 1920,

by the Civil Service Committee;

and for the salary of the

i

1

1

1

i

medical referee, &c. -

2. For the expenses of pensions, compensation allowances, and gratuities awarded to retired and

disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and

to widows and children of such

members, including annuities to the National Debt Commissioners

in respect of commutation of compensation allowances and certain

1, 364, 879

98,000

1

extra statutory payments -

3. For Old Age Pensions, for cercaiu

administrative expenses in connection therewith, and for pensions under the Blind Persons

G87, 005

1

, 1, 239, 641

1

Act, 1920 ----

26, 856,000

6,000

Carried forward - £

28, 907, 884

1, 343, 641

SCHED. (B.)

Past 11.

Civil Services.

Class VI.

1398

Ch. 57.

Appro'fn'iation Act, 1926, 15 & IG Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11 — continued.

Part 11. _ ___

Civil Services. Sums not ^.xceeding

Class TI.

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Sj £i

Brought forward - 28, 907, 884 1, 343, 641

No.

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, and for

sundry contributions in respect

of the administration of the Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916,

the War Pensions Acts, 1915 to i

1921, and sundry services

66, 026,000

60,000

5. For War pensions and allowances

(including cost of treatment)

to merchant seamen and fishermen and their dependants, and

the administrative expenses connected therewith . - -

467, 971

6. For certain miscellaneous expenses,

including certain grants in aid

and bonus on certain statutory

salaries - _ _ _ -

4, 321

13, 800

7. For the salaries and other expenses

of Royal Commissions, Committees, and Special Inquiries, &c.,

including provision for Shorthand

and the expenses of surplus

stores, &c., liquidation

' 45,000

599, 990

8. For the salaries and expenses of the National Savings Committee

79, 919

9, For certain salaries and expenses

of the Imperial War Graves Commission, including purchase of

land in the United Kingdom, and

a grant in aid of the Imperial

War Graves Commission Fund

formed under Royal Charter,

10th May 1917 - -

720, 028

Carried forward - £

96, 257, 123

2, 017, 431

1925.

Appropt'iaiion Act, 1925.

Ch. 57.

1399

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 11— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brouent forward

96, 257, 123

2, 017, 431

No.

10. For making good certain sums

written o£E from the assets of the

Local Loans Fund, together with

certain sums due in respect of

advances in Northern Ireland

99, 200

11. For expenses under the Representation of the People Act, 1918 -

306,000

rnmmm

12. For a gi’ant-in-aid of the Development Fund ....

140,000

13. For expenditure in connection

with the British Government

Exhibit and sundry displays at

the British Empire Exhibition,

1925 ----

44, 500

97, 500

14. Fora grant-in-aid of the Government Hospitality Fund

20,000

15. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain

miscellaneous advances

1

i

94, 539

Total Civil Services, Class VI. £

96, 961, 362

2, 114, 931

SCHED. (B.)

Part 11.

Olvil Services.

Class VI.

1400

Ch. 67.

Appropriation Act, 1925. 16 & 16 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12.

Civil Services

Class Vn.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may he

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of

payment during the year ending on the 31st day of

March 1926; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

£ 1

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health; including

grants and other expenses in

connection with Housing, grants

to local authorities, &c., in connection with Public Health and

1

Unemployment Services, sundry

grants in respect of benefits and

expenses of administration under

the National Health Insurance

Act, 1924, certain grants in aid,

and certain special services

19, 525, 977

195, 770

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Scottish Board of Health, including grants and other expenses in

connection with Housing, grants

to local authorities, &c., grants

in respect of benefits and expenses of administration imder

the National Health Insurance

Act, 1924, and certain grants in

aid ----

2, 556, 885

1

04, 288

Carried forward - £

22, 082, 862

200, 058

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES.— Cla^ss VD.

1925.

Appropriation Act, 1925.

Ch. 57.

1401

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 12— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

fo.

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and Subordinate Departments, including

the contributions to the Unemployment Fund, and payments

to associations. Local Education

Authorities and others for administration under the Unemployment Insurance and Labour

Exchanges Acta; expenditure in

connection, with the training of

demobilised officers, non-commissioned officers and men and

nurses; grants for resettlement

in civil life; and the expenses

of the Industrial Court; also

expenses in connection with the

International Labour Organisation (League of Nations) including a grant in aid -

22, 082, 862

13, 859, 209

200, 058

4, 460, 825

4. For the salaries and expenses of the audit staff under the National

Insurance Act, 1911 -

164, 040

, 100

5. For making good the deficiency

on the Income Account of the

Fund for Friendly Societies

Total Civil Services, Class VII. - £

6, 140

36, 112, 857

4, 723, 983

SCHED. (B.)

Part liJ.

Oivil Services.

Class VII.

1402

Ch. 67.

Appropriation Act, 1925. 15 & IG Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10.

Unclassifieil

Services.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 13.

- C

Unclassified Services.

ScuEDDi-E of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Services herein particularly

mentioned, which will come in course of payment during

the year ending on the 31st day of March 1926; viz.:—

No.

1. For grants to local authorities, &c.,

in Great Britain for assistance

in carrying out approved schemes

of useful work to relieve unemployment - -

2. For relief arising out of unemployment (including a .supplementary

sum of 170, 0U0Z.) - - _

3. To provide for guarantees in

respect of exports of goods wholly

or partly produced or manufactured in the United Kingdom -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

550,000

1, 916,000

10,000

Appropriations

in Aid.

40,000

4. For compensation for personal

injuries, and for use of, or

malicious damage to, property,

including advances on account

of prospective awards of compensation under the Damage to

I’roperty (Compensation) Act of the Irish Free State or on the

security of stock issued under

that Act, ex-gratia grants

awarded in respect of damage

to property sustained during the

rebellion in Ireland in 1916,

grants to refugees for the relief

of distress; and advances in

respect of rent and other sums

payable under the Land Act,

1923, of the Irish Free State

440, 620

950

Carried forward

2, 916, 620

40, 950

1925.

Appropriation Act, 1925.

Ch. 57.

1403

SCHEDULE (B.)— Paut 13— continued.

-*-

Sums not exceeding

Brought forward -

No.

5. For the salaries and expenses

in connection with Shipping

Liquidation _ _ _ _

6. For expenditure arising from the

Government control of railways

in Great Britain and Ireland

under the Regulation of the

Forces Act, 1871, section 16

7. For claims in respect of ships or

cargoes condemned as naval prize

or detained and certain salaries

for advisory duties -

8. For grants in respect of compensation for suffering and damage

by enemy action . _ .

0. For a subvention in aid of wages

in the Coal Islining Industry

Total Unclassified Civil Services £

Supply

Grants.

Appropriatioi s

in Aid.

2, 916, 620

40, 950

10

3, -506, 400

99, 598

402

45,000

80,000

10,000,000

13, 141, 228

.3, 547, 8J2

SCHED. (B.)

Part 13.

Unclassified

Services.

1404

Ch. 57.

Appropt'iation Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 14.

REVENUE DEPARTMENi'S, &o.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments,

&c., herein particularly mentioned, which will come in

course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day

of March 1926; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Customs and Excise Department ----

4, 720,000

253,000

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenpe Department

6, 670, 635

1

53, 125

3. P’or the salaries &nd expenses of the Post Office, including Telegraphs and Telephones

52, 958,000

2, 170, 544

Total Revenue Departments - £

64, 348, 635

2, 476, 669

SCHED. (B.)

Part 14.

Revenue

Departments, &c.

1925.

Appropriation Act, 1925.

Cn. 57.

1405

SCHEDULE (C).

SCHED. (C.)

Navy

Services.

Section 5.

NAVY SERVICES, 1923-24.

VOTESi

1. Wages, &c. of Officers, Seamen and Boys, Coastguard

and Royal Marines

8. Shipbuilding, Repairs, Maintenance, &c.:

Section 1.—Personnel

Section II.—Materiel

13. Non-Effective Services (Naval

and Marine) Officers

14. Non-Effective Services (Naval

and Marine) Men

15. Civil Superannuation, Compensation Allowances and

Gratuities - -

Balances irrecoverable . - -

Navy Votes generally -

Excesses.

Surpluses applied.

£ s. d.

£ s. d.

171, 169 17 10

109, 101 14 0

55, 811 11 2

41, 937 10 0

65, 248 19 2

31, 361 3 2

33, 864 0 3

4, 444, 145 0 8

508, 494 15 7

4, 444, 145 0 8

Net Surplus £3, 935, 650 5 1

SCHED. (C.)

Air Services.

Section 6.

AIR SERVICES, 1923-24.

VOTES.

3. Technical and Warlike Stores

(including Experimental and

Research Services)

Balances irrecoverable -

Air Votes generally - _ -

Excesses. Surpluses applied.

£ s. d. £ 5. d.

16, 307 19 10 —

5, 950 2 6 —

— 1, 528, 014 6 6

22, 318 2 4 1, 528, 014 6 6

Net Surplus £1, 505, 696 4

O

1400

47 & 48 Vict.

C.72.

50 & 51 Vict,

c. 32.

Power to

ereet

buildings

on leas

land.

Short title.

Ch. 58. Greenwich Hospital ' 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Disused Burial Ground) Act, 1925.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act to authorise buildings to be erected on

a disused burial ground farming part of

Greenwich Hospital.

[7th August 1925.]

WHEREAS by an agreement dated the twenty-fourth

day of November, nineteen hundred and twenty-

four (hereinafter referred to as "the agreement"), made

between the Admiralty and the Seamen’s Hospital Society,

the Admiralty agreed to lease to the said Society certain

lands, delineated on the plan annexed to the agreement, forming part of Greenwich Hospital:

And whereas a portion of the said land is a

disused burial ground within the meaning of the Disused

Burial Grounds Act, 1884, as amended by the Open

Spaces Act, 1887 (which Acts are hereinafter referred to

as " the said Acts "):

And whereas under the terms of the agreement

permission was given to the said Society, subject to the

approval of the Admiralty, to erect on the disused burial

ground certain buildings in extension of the Dreadnought

Seamen’s Hospital at Greenwich:

And whereas the object aforesaid cannot be effected

without the authority of Parliament:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Subject to the provisions of the agreement with

respect to the removal and re-interment of human

remains and otherwise, nothing in the said Acts shall

prevent the erection of buildings on any of the land

leased by the Admiralty to the Seamen’s Hospital

Society under the agreement.

2. This Act may be cited as the Greenwich

Hospital (Disused Burial Ground) Act, 1925.

1925.

Teachers (Superan n ualion)

Act, 1925. Ch. 59.

1407

CHAPTER 59.

An Act to make provision with respect to the grant

of superannuation allowances and gratuities to

teachers and to persons employed in the control

or supervision of teachers and to their legal

personal representatives and to amend the

Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation)

Act, 1898, and the School Teachers (Superannuation) Acts, 1918 to 1924.

[7th August 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Application.

1 . —(1) In the case of teachers who after the Application

commencement of this Act are employed in contributory of Act.

service within the meaning of Part II. of this Act, the

provisions of the said Part II. shall have effect in

substitution for the provisions of the School Teachers

(Superannuation) Acts, 1918 to 1924, and superannuation allowances and gratuities shall be granted to and

in respect of aU such teachers accordingly;

Provided that—

(a) Nothing in this Act shall affect the right of

any person to a deferred annuity under the

Elementary School Teachers (Superannua- 61 & 62 Vict,

tion) Act, 1898, as amended by sections c- 57.

twelve and thirteen of the School Teachers

(Superannuation) Act, 1918; and

(b) Part II. of this Act shall not apply to any

certificated teacher who gave notice under

section four of the School Teachers (Super- 8 & 9 Geo. 5.

annuation) Act, 1918, that he did not accept c. 55.

140$

Kinds of

service in

respect of

which

superannua-

tion allowances and

gratuities

may be

granted.

Cil. 59. Teachers (Superannuation) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

. Act, 1925. ' ' .

that Act, unless within three'months "after

the commencement of this Act he gives,

notice to the Board of Education (hereinafter referred to as "the Board") that he

accepts Part II. of this Act.

(2) In the case of teachers who are not employed

as aforesaid the provisions of section eight of this Act

shall have effect, and the provisions of the Elementary

School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898, and of the

School Teachers (Superannuation) Acts, 1918 to 1924,

shall continue to have effect subject to the amendments

contained in Part III. of this Act.

Part II.

Permanent Provisions.

2.—(I) The kinds of service in respect of which

superannuation allowances and gratuities may be granted

under this Part of this Act shall be as follows:—

(a) " Becognlsed service, " that is to say, service

before the commencement of this Act, which

is— -

(i) recognised service within the meaning

of the School Teachers (Superannuation)

Acts, 1918 to 1924, as amended by this

Aco; or

(ii) determined by the Board to be such

full time service as a teacher as would, if

it had been service wholly in the capacity

of a teacher, have been recognised service

within the meaning of the last-mentioned

Acts as amended by this Act; or

(iii) grant-aided service in the capacity of

a teacher in full-time service otherwise

than in a school in the employment of a

local education authority and approved by

the Board for this purpose;

(iv) determined by the Board to be fuU-

time service in England or Wales in the

capacity of a teacher during any period

1925. Teachers (Superannuation) Ch. 59. 140!)

.' ‘ . Act, 1925.

before the first day of April, nineteen

hundred and nineteen, in any school (not

• being a school conducted for private profit)

tether than such a school as is mentioned in

paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), or (vi) of

section eighteen of the School Teachers

(Superannuation) Act, 1918, so, however,

that not more than ten years’ service in

any such school shall be recognised service

for the purposes of this Part of this Act,

and no such service shall be so recognised

imless the teacher has been employed in

some other form of recognised or contributory service for not less than ten

years; or

(v) service since the thirty-first day of

March, nineteen hundred and nineteen,

which, but for the provisions of subsection

(1) of section one of the Elementary School

Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898, or

of paragraph (ii) of section four of the

School Teachers (Superannuation) Act,

1918, would have been recognised service

within the meaning of the last mentioned

Act as amended by this Act:

Provided that, except where otherwise expressly provided, no period of service after

the thirty-first day of May, nineteen hundred

and twenty-two, shall be treated as recognised

service uidess the contributions, which were

required under the School Teachers (Super- 12 & 13

annuation) Act, 1922, as amended by the School Geo. 6. c. 42.

Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1924, in respect

of recognised service within the meaning of those •

Acts during that period, are paid within the

prescribed time.

(&) " Contributory service, " that is to say, service

as a teacher after the commencement of this Act which the Board determine to be full time

service either—

(i) in the capacity of a certificated or

uncertificated teacher or a teacher of a

4 U

1410

Ch. 59.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 67.

11 & 12

Geo. 5.0. 51.

3&4 Geo.5.

c. 28.

Teachers (Superannuation) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Ad, 1925.

special subject, in or in connection with a

public elementary school; or

(ii) in the capacity of a certificated or

uncertificated teacher, or of a teacher of

such other kind as may be prescribed, in

a school certified under Part IV. of the

Children Act, 1908, or tmder Part V. of the

Education Act, 1921; or

(iii) in the capacity of a certificated

teacher in service which is recognised

service within the meaning of the School

Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1918, by

virtue of the provisions of paragraph (v) of

section eighteen of that Act; or

(iv) in the capacity of a teacher of such

kind as may be prescribed, in a grant-aided

nursery school; or

(v) in the capacity of a certificated or

uncertificated teacher in a certified institution under the Mental Deficiency Act,

1913; or

(vi) in the capacity of a teacher in any

other grant-aided school; or

(vii) in the capacity of a teacher in grant-

aided service, otherwise than in a school,

in the emplojonent of a local education

authority, and approved by the Board for

this purpose;

(viii) in the capacity of a teacher in a

school which though not grant-aided was

approved by the Treasury for the purposes

of paragraph (vii) of section eighteen of the School Teachers (Superannuation) Act,

1918, during any period in which the school

satisfies the conditions mentioned in that

paragraph, except where the Board upon

the application of the persons responsible

for the management of any such school,

determine that service in that school shall

not be treated as contributory service:

Provided that—

(a) no service in respect of which contributions are payable under the Poor Law

1925.

Teachers (Superannuation)

Act, 1925. Ch. 69.

1411

Officers Superannuation Act, 1896, or 59 & 60 Vict,

under the Asylums Officers Superan- SO.

' nuation Act, 1909, as amended by the

Asylums and Certified Institutions (Offi- g

cers’ Pensions) Act, 1918, shall be deemed c. 33.

to be contributory service; and

(6) if in respect of any period of service

after the commencement of this Act for

which contributions are required to be

paid under this Part of this Act, such

contributions are not paid within the

prescribed time, that period shall, unless

the Board otherwise direct, and without

prejudice to the power of the Board to

recover any such contributions, be treated

as not having been a period of service

in contributory service.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act—

(a) a teacher may be deemed to be employed in

full-time service in a grant-aided school if the

Board is satisfied that he is employed in fulltime service, which is mainly and primarily

service in the capacity of a teacher in such a

school, and, in so far as it is not such service,

is service in some other school under the

same management as, and educationally connected with, a grant-aided school; and

(b) service may be deemed to be service as a

teacher if the Board are satisfied either that

the employment is whoUy in the capacity of

a teacher or that it is mainly and primarily

in the capacity of a teacher and that any

other duties of the employment are educational duties connected with the duties in

that capacity.

3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Qualifica

Board shall grant such superannuation allowances as are tions for '

hereinafter in this section mentioned to any teacher who— of

(a) has attained the age of sixty years and been tiem al^W *

employed for not less than thirty years in ances.

employment which is recognised, contributory or

qualifying service, and of which not less than

ten years was recognised or contributory service

4U 2

1412 Ch. 59. Teachers (Superannuation) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

and not less than the prescribed period was

after the thirty-first day of March, nineteen

hundred and nineteen; or <•

(6) being a teacher to whom the Elementary School

Teachers (Superannuation)* Act, 1898, applied

on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and

nineteen, has attained the age of sixty years

and been employed in service which is recognised

or contributory service for periods equal in the

aggregate to not less than half the number of

years between the date on which he became a

certificated teacher and the date on which he

attained or wiU attain the age of sixty-five

years; or

(c) has attained the age of sixty years, been employed

for not less than ten years in service which is

recognised or contributory service, and been so

employed for periods equal in the aggregate to

not less than two-thirds of the number of

years between the date on which he was first

employed in contributory or recognised service

and the date on which he attained or will

attain the age of sixty-five years; or

(d) having been employed in service which is recognised service or contributory service for not

less than ten years and having been so employed

within the prescribed time before the date on

which he applies for a superannuation allowance

under this section, has, before attaining the age

of sixty-five years, in the opinion of the Board,

become permanently incapable through infirmity

of mind or body of serving efficiently as a

teacher in contributory service.

(2) In the case of a teacher who is or has been a

married woman, the aforesaid period of thirty years shall

be reduced by the number of completed years (but not

exceeding in any case ten) during which she was while

married absent from recognised, contributory or qualifying

service.

(3) The superannuation allowances to he granted

under this section are—

(a) an annual allowance during life of an amount

not exceeding one-eightieth of the average salary

of the teacher in respect of each completed year

1925. Teachers (Superannuation) Ch. 59. 1413

Act, 1925.

of service which was recognised or contributory

service or one-half of the average salary, which-

%ver is the less; and

(h) by way of additional allowance, a lump sum not

exceeding ’an amount equal to one-thirtieth of the average salary of the teacher in respect of

each completed year of service which was recognised or contributory service, or to one-and-a- .

half times the average salary, whichever is the

less:Provided that, if a teacher to whom an

additional allowance has been granted is again

employed in contributory service, a subsequent

additional allowance may be granted to him

only if the employment continues for periods

amounting in the aggregate to more than twelve

months, and there shall be deducted from any

additional allowance so granted to a teacher an

amount equal to the amount of any additional

allowance or short service gratuity previously

paid to him.

(4) An annual superannuation allowance shall not

begin to accrue and, subject as hereinafter provided,

an additional allowance shall not be paid, before the

date on which the teacher ceases to be employed in

contributory service or the date on which he ceases to

be entitled to pay in respect of the employment in

which he was employed when his contributory service

terminated, whichever may be the later;

Provided that, in any case where a death gratuity is

not payable in respect of a deceased teacher, the Board

shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, grant to his

legal personal representatives a gratuity of an amount

equal to the additional allowance which would have been

payable to the teacher but for the provisions of this

subsection.

4. Where a teacher who is not qualified for the Short

grant of an annual superannuation allowance has been service

employed in service which is recognised or contributory grs-tuities

service for not less than the prescribed period after the

thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and nineteen,

and vdthin the prescribed period before the date on

which he apphes for a gratuity under this section, and

has, in the opinion of the Board, before attaining the

age of sixty-five years, become permanently incapable

through infirmity of mind or body of serving efficiently

1414

Death

gratuities

to legal

personal

representatives of

deceased

teachers.

t

Ch. 59. Teachers (Superannuation) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

as a teacher in contributory service, the Board shall,

subject to the provisions of this Act, grant to him a

short service gratuity of an amount not exceeding one-

twelfth of his average salary in respect of each completed

year of recognised service or contributory service.

5. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the

Board shall grant to the legal personal representatives of

a teacher who has been employed in service which is

recognised or contributory service for periods amounting

in the aggregate to not less than five years, of which

not less than the prescribed part has been after the

thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and nineteen,

and who dies whUe in contributory service, a death

gratuity of a sum not exceeding an amount equal to the average salary of the teacher after deducting from

such average salary the amount of any additional

allowance or short service gratuity previously paid to

him, whether under the School Teachers (Superannuation)

Acts, 1918 to 1924, or this Act, or out of the Education

(Scotland) Fund, or of a sum not exceeding an amount

equal to the amount of the additional allowance which

the Board might have granted to him if he had at the

date of his death become permanently incapable of serving

efficiently as a teacher in contributory service, whichever

is the greater.

For the purposes of the foregoing provision, the

Board may, subject to such conditions as may appear to

them to be equitable, treat the case of a teacher who

dies within twelve calendar months of his ceasing to be in

contributory service and is not at the date of his death

serving in approved external service as if he had died in

contributory service.

(2) Where a teacher dies after having become

qualified for the grant of an annual superannuation

allowance and the aggregate amount of the sums paid

to him and to his legal personal representatives by way

of annual superannuation allowance and additional

allowance whether under the School Teachers (Superannuation) Acts, 1918 to 1924, or this Act, or out of the

Education (Scotland) Fund is less than the amount of

his average salary, the Board shall, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, grant to his legal personal

representatives a supplementary death gratuity not exceeding the difference between the amoimt of his average

salary and the said aggregate amount.

1925. Teachers (Superannuation) Ch. 59. 1415

Act, 1925.

6. —(1) If a teacher in receipt of an annual super- Ke-empioy.

annuation allowance is again employed in contributory ment of

service oa in employment which would if he were less than teachers,

sixty-five years of age be contributory service, the

allowance shall cease as from the date on which he

becomes so employed, but without prejudice to the

power of the Board in any case where the employment

does not continue for periods amounting in the aggregate to more than twelve months after the said date

to restore the said allowance, and in any other case to

grant to the teacher subsequently another annual

superannuation allowance.

(2) If a teacher in receipt of an annual superannuation allowance is employed, otherwise than in contributory service or in emplo 3 rment which would if he were

less than sixty-five years of age be contributory service,

in any employment of which the remuneration is paid out

of the Consolidated Fund or out of moneys provided

by Parliament, or in respect of which a grant is made

out of such moneys, then, if the salary and emoluments

to which he is entitled in respect of that employment

for any quarter are not less than the quarterly rate of

his salary at the date on which he ceased to be employed

in contributory service, the allowance shall be suspended

during that quarter, and if they are less than that rate

so much only of the allowance shall be paid to him in

respect of that quarter as with the salary and emoluments of the employment is equal to that rate.

7. —(1) If the Board are of opinion that any service Avoidance

in respect of which allowances or gratuities may be of duplicate

granted under this Part of this Act is also reckoned for the po^isions.

purpose of any other pension payable to a teacher directly

or indirectly out of moneys provided by Parliament or

raised by a rate or under a pension scheme, the Board

may make such deductions from the allowances or

gratuities which may be awarded under this Part of this Act as may appear to them to be equitable in order to

seciue that the teacher may not receive in respect of the

same service an allowance or gratuity under this Part

of this Act as well as such other pension as aforesaid.

(2) For the purposes of this section, any years of

service added for purposes of calculating a pension to

years of actual service shall be deemed to be service, and

any sum payable, whether as a continuing allowance

1410

Withdrawal ’

of allowances

granted on

grounds of

infirmity.

Contributions by

teachers

and employers.

Ch. 59. Teachers (Superannuation) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

or as a lump sum, by way of pension, superannuation

allowance, compensation for loss or abolition of office

or otherwise in respect of retirement shall b deemed

to be pension.

8. -(l) Where the Board are sa tisfied that a teacher,

to whom an annual superannuation allowance under this Act or the School Teachers (Superannuation) Acts, 1918

to 1924, or a disablement allowance under the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898, has

been granted on the ground that he was permanently

incapable of serving efficiently as a teacher in contributory service, or in recognised service, or in recorded

service within the meaning of the last-mentioned Act,

as the case may be, has ceased to be so incapable, the

Board shall, if the teacher has not attained the age of

sixty years, direct either that the allowance shall be

suspended until a further direction is given by the Board

or that it shall cease as from such date as may be

specified in the direction, but without prejudice to the

power of the Board to grant subsequently fresh superannuation allowances under this Part of this Act, and

for that purpose recorded service shall be treated as

recognised service and the period during which the

teacher was incapable of serving as aforesaid may be

treated as qualifying service.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the Board may

require a teacher to submit himself to the prescribed

medical examination, and if he fads to comply with any

such requirement shall, unless for special reasons they

think fit not to do so, direct that the allowance shall

cease as from such date as they may direct.

9. —(1) For the purpose of defraying the cost of the benefits imder this Part of this Act, there shall

be paid in respect of every teacher to whom this Part

of this Act applies while he is employed in contributory

service, contributions as follows, that is to say :—

(a) an amount to be paid by the teacher equal to

five per cent, of the amount of his salary for

the time being;

(b) as from the first day of April, nineteen hundred

and twenty-eight, an amount to be paid by the

employer of the teacher equal to five per cent,

of the salary for the time being of the teacher.

1925. Teachers (Superannuatim) Ch. 59. 1417

Act, 1925.

(2) Any amount paid by a local education authority

by way of contributions under this section shall for the

purposes bf any regulations of the Board relating to the payment of grant be treated as if it were expenditure on the salarfes of the teachers in respect of

whom the contributions are paid.

(3) In the case of a teacher employed in or in

connection with a public elementary school maintained

by the local education authority or in any school

provided by the local education authority, the employer

of the teacher shall for the purposes of this Act be

deemed to be the local education authority.

(4) AU sums payable by way of contributions under

this section shall be paid to and recoverable by the

Board, and aU sums received by the Board under this

section shall be paid into the Exchequer.

10.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, Calculation

the salary of a teacher shall be taken to be the sums of salary

from time to time paid to him in respect of his employ- and average

ment in contributory service, excluding, unless the Board

otherwise direct, any fees or other emoluments:

Provided that—

(a) no account shall be taken for the purposes of this Part of this Act of any amount by which

the salary calculated as aforesaid exceeds the

rate of two thousand pounds per annrim unless

the teacher’s salary was determined to be in

excess of that rate for the purposes of the

School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1922;

and

(6) where a teacher is by reason of sickness

receiving less than his full salary, the amount

which he is so receiving shall, for the purpose

of calculating the amount payable under this

Part of this Act by way of contributions in

respect of him, be deemed to be his salary.

(2) The average salary of a teacher for the purposes

of this Part of this Act shall be taken to be the average

amount of the teacher’s full salary as calculated under

the foregoing provisions of this section in respect of

his employment in service which is recognised or contributory service for the five years of such service

(whether continuous or not) next preceding the com-

1418

Payment of

contributions during

intervals of

service.

Return of

contributions.

Ch. 59. Teachers (Superannuation) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

mencement of an annual superannuation allowance or

the grant of an additional allowance or gratuity, or, if

the teacher has not been so employed for five years, then

the average amount of salary during the period for which

he has been so employed:

Provided that, if in the opinion of the Board the

salary of a teacher has been unreasonably increased in

respect of his employment during any period to be

taken into account in calculating his average salary, the

salary on which his average salary is to be computed

shall be deemed to be such amount as the Board

consider to be proper.

11 . —(1) If the employment of a teacher in contributory service is discontinued for a period not

exceeding four years in the case of a teacher who during

the period is employed in full-time service as a teacher

in any part of His Majesty’s dominions outside the

United Kingdom, and not exceeding one year in any

other case, he may with the consent of the Board

pay, at such times as the Board may require, by

way of contributions under this Part of this Act an

amount equal to ten per cent, of his salary in respect

of the period of absence, and if he so contributes the

said period shall be treated for the purposes of this

Part of this Act as being a period during which he was

employed in contributory service.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the amount of the teacher’s salary shall be taken to be the amount of

his full salary in respect of his contributory service

immediately before the date on which that service was

discontinued.

(3) For the purpose of the provisions of this Part

of this Act, one half of any amount paid under this

section shall be treated as having been paid by the

teacher by way of teacher’s contributions and the

remaining half as having been paid by way of employer’s

contributions.

Where a teacher, who is not qualified for a

superannuation allowance or a short service gratuity

under this Act, ceases to be employed in contributory

service, he shall, if he continues not to be so employed

for a continuous period amounting to one year or for

such shorter period and in such special circumstances as

1925. Teachers (Superannuation) Ch. 69.

Act, 1925.

the Board may prescribe, be entitled to be repaid a sum

equal to the balance of his contributions computed as

at the da^e of the repa 5 nnent.

(2) Any period , the contributions in respect of which

are repaid under this section shall be excluded in

reckoning periods of contributory or recognised service

for the purposes of this Part of this Act:

Provided that, if a teacher to whom contributions

have been repaid under the foregoing provisions of this

section or under the School Teachers (Superannuation)

Act, 1922, is subsequently employed in contributory

service, he may at any time while he is so employed,

if he satisfies the Board in the prescribed manner of his

physical capacity, repay the sum so repaid to him,

together with compound interest thereon at the rate of

three and a half per cent, from the date of the repayment to him to the date of the repayment by him, and

thereupon he shall be treated for the purposes of this

Part of this Act as if no repayment had been made to

him.

(3) A teacher who on attaining the age of sixty-

five years has failed to become qualified for the grant

of a superannuation allowance under this Part of this Act shall be entitled to be repaid a sum equal to the

balance of his contributions computed as at the date

upon which he attained that age.

(4) When a teacher who is or has been in contributory service dies, his legal personal representatives

shall be entitled to receive a sum equal to the balance,

if any, of his contributions computed as at the date of

his death.

(5) For the purposes of this Part of this Act—

(a) the balance of a teacher’s contributions as at

any date at which it is to be computed, shall

be taken to be the amount by which the

aggregate amount of the contributions paid

by him (excluding any which have been

previously repaid) together with compound

interest thereon up to that date exceeds the

aggregate amoimt of any sums payable under

this Act to him or to his legal personal

representatives (otherwise than by way of

repayment under this section) together with

compound interest thereon up to that date;

1419

1420

Approved

external

service.

Ch. 59. Tmohexs (Superannuation) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(&) compound interest shall be calculated with

yearly rests, and except where otherwise

provided, at the rate of three pei^ cent, per

annum, and shall begin to run from the prescribed date. *

(6) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section, in the case of any teacher who

has been employed in service in Scotland which is

recognised by the Scottish Education Department as

pensionable under any scheme of superannuation apph-

cable to him, the balance of his contributions shall for

the purposes of this section be calculated in such manner

as may be prescribed as if the whole of his service had

been recognised or contributory service, and as if contributions paid by him to the Scottish Education Department and sums paid to him or to his legal personal

representatives under any such scheme as aforesaid had

been respectively contributions and sums paid under

this Part of this Act.

(7) In this section the expression "contributions "

includes contributions paid under the School Teachers

(Superannuation) Act, 1922, as amended by the School

Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1924.

13.—(1) For the purposes of this section the expression "approved bxtemal service " means—

(a) service in Scotland which is recognised by the

Scottish Education Department as pensionable imder any scheme of superannuation

applicable to teachers in Scotland:

(b) service as an inspector of the Board or in any

other capacity as a civil servant, approved by

the Treasury, in which teaching experience is

of value or was of value at the date of his

appointment therein, where the teacher satisfies

the Board that before such service as aforesaid

he has been engaged for not less than three

years, whether in England or Wales or elsewhere, as a teacher in a capacity approved by

the Board:

(c) service in a university or a university college in

England, Wales or Scotland in respect of which

contributions are payable under any general

scheme applicable to universities for providing

1925. Teojchers (Superannuation) Ch. 59. 1421

Act, 1925.

benefits upon retirement, except where the

teacher claims that no part of such service

hall be treated as approved external service;

(d) such other service in places of education in

the United Elingdom, and subject to such

conditions as the Board may prescribe.

(2) Where a teacher has been employed in approved

external service as well as in recognised or contributory

service (whether any such employment was before or

after the commencement of this Act) then—

(a) for the purpose of determining whether the

teacher is a teacher to whom this Part of this Act applies, approved external service shall be

treated as being contributory service;

(b) subject as hereinafter provided, no period of

approved external service shall be reckoned for

the purposes of—

(i) requiring the payment of contributions

in respect of a teacher; or

(ii) calculating the amount of a superannuation allowance or gratuity under this Part

of this Act; or

(iii) determining whether a teacher has died

whUe in contributory service or within twelve

calendar months thereafter:

Provided that the provisions of this Part of this Act with respect to the calculation of the

average salary of the teacher shall have effect

as if the reference therein to contributory and

recognised service included a reference to

approved external service:

(c) in determining for the purposes of paragraph (a)

(iv) of subsection (1) of section two of this Act

whether a teacher has been employed in some

other form of contributory service, no period of

approved external service of the kind described

in paragraphs (a), (c) and (d) of subsection (1)

of this section shall be deemed to be contributory service:

(d) where any approved external service is service

of the kind described in paragraphs (a) or (6) of

subsection (1) of this section and is service in

respect of which a pension is payable to the

1422 Ch. 59. Teachers (Superannuation) 15 «fe 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

teacher otherwise than under the provisions of this Act, then, if his recognised or contributory

service and such approved external service taken

together (hereinafter in this paragraph referred

to as his aggregate service) exceeds forty years

there shall for the purpose of calculating the

amount of an annual allowance under this Part

of this Act be deducted from his contributory or

recognised service—

(i) in a case where the whole of such

approved external service is of the kind

described in the said paragraph (a), such proportion of the excess by which such aggregate

service exceeds forty years as is equal to the

proportion of his aggregate service which is

contributory or recognised service:

(ii) in a case where the whole of such

approved external service is of the kind

referred to in the said paragraph (6), a period

equal to the excess by which the aggregate

service of the teacher exceeds forty years:

(iii) in a case where such approved external

service is partly of the kind described in the

said paragraph (a) and partly of the kind

described in the said paragraph (6), the same

' proportion of the excess by which such aggregate service exceeds forty years as the teacher’s

recognised or contributory service bears to the sum of that service and his service of the

kind described in the said paragraph (a) when

taken together:

(e) the provisions of the last foregoing paragraph

shall apply for the purpose of calculating the

amount of an additional allowance under this

Part of this Act with the modification that

forty-five years shall be substituted for forty

yea^rs:

(f) any allowance or gratuity which may be granted

to the teacher under this Part of this Act shall

be calculated by reference to the period of

recognised or contributory service actually

served by him and not by reference to the

completed years of that service;

1925.

Teachers (Superannuation)

Act, 1925. Ch. 59.

1423

Provided that, for the purpose of calculating

any such allowance or gratuity in respect of

dny excess by which the teacher’s recognised or

contributory service and his approved external

service taken together (hereinafter in this paragraph referred to as his " total service ") exceeds

a number of completed years, there shall be

deducted from his recognised or contributory

service a proportion equal to the proportion

of his total service which is recognised or

contributory service:

{(j) subject to the foregoing provisions of this

section, any period of approved external service

shall be treated as if it were recognised or

contributory service as the ease may be, and

references in this Act to recognised and contributory service shall be construed accordingly.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this Act, no supplementary death gratuity

shall be payable under this Part of this Act to the legal

personal representatives of a teacher if the last employment of the teacher in contributory service before his

death was in approved external service.

14.—(1) The provisions of this Part of this Act Provisions

shall apply to any person (in this section referred to as as to persons

" an organiser ") who satisfies the Board— ^i^iIomI

(a) that he is or has been employed by a local organisers.

education authority in full-time service which to

a substantial extent involves the control or

supervision of teachers; and

(b) that before being so employed he was engaged

for not less than three years, whether in

England or Wales or elsewhere, as a teacher

in a capacity approved by the Board,

as if in respect of his full-time service as an organiser

after the commencement of this Act he were a teacher

employed in contributory service; and references in

Parts I., II. and IV. of this Act to teachers and to

contributory service shall be construed accordingly.

For the purpose of the foregoing provision the

employment of any person by the Central Welsh Board

for Intermediate Education established by a scheme

under the Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889, 52 & 53 Vict,

shallj^be treated as employment by a local education

authority.

1424 Ch. 59. Teachers (Superannuation) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(2) Where a person employed in contributory service,

whether as an organiser or otherwise, has been employed

before the commencement of this Act in‘ full-time

service as an organiser, the allowances and gratuities

which may be granted to or in respect of him under

this Part of this Act shall be calculated, as respects

service before the commencement of this Act, in whichever of the following ways is, in the opinion of the

Board, most advantageous to him, that is to say:—

(a) he shall be treated as having served in recognised service only during his actual years of

recognised service, if any; or

(b) he shall be treated as having served in recognised service for all the purposes of this Part

of this Act for one-half of the aggregate number

of years for which he has served before the

commencement of this Act either as a teacher

in recognised service or in full-time service as

an organiser:

Provided that—-

(a) no contributions shall be required to be paid

in respect of any period of service as an

organiser in respect of which he is so treated

as serving in recognised service; and

(h) in either case any full-time service as an

organised shall, for the pmq)oses of determining

his qualification for a superannuation allowance or gratuity under this Part of this Act

and of computing his average salary in

accordance with the provisions of this Part

of this Act, be treated as recbgnised service.

(3) In respect of any period of fuU-time service for

which an organiser who ceases to be employed in contributory service is not entitled under the foregoing

provisions of this section to be treated as having served

in recognised service; —

(a) His employer may, either by means of a single

payment or by means of such periodical payments as the Treasury may determine, pay to the Board such sum as may be determined by

the Treasury to represent the present value of the amount by which allowances or gratuities

payable to or in respect of the organiser under

this Part of this Act would have been increased

if he had been entitled to be so treated; and

1925. Teachers (Superannuation) Ch. 69. 1425

Act, 1925.

upon any such payment as aforesaid being made

the organiser shall be treated as having served

>n recognised service during the period in

respect of which the payment is made; and the

allowances ’or gratuities payable to, or in respect

of, him shall be increased accordingly; or

(&) His employer may pay to or in respect of the

organiser the amounts by which the allowances

or gratuities payable to, or in respect of, him

would have been increased if he had been

entitled to be so treated;

all sums payable to the Board under this subsection shall

be recoverable by the Board, and aU sums received by

the Board under this subsection shall be paid into the

Exchequer.

(4) For the purposes of this section—

(a) in the case of an organiser over the age of

sixty-five years, who at the date of the commencement of this Act is in employment

which would be contributory service if he

were under that age, the Board may treat

him as if he were employed at that date in

contributory service; and

(b) employment as an organiser by any predecessor

to a local education authority shall be treated

as employment by a local education authority.

15.—(1) There shall be kept in accordance with the Accounts

directions contained in the Second Schedule to this Act and

an account in such form and prepared m such manner as f^tuarial

may be provided for by regulations made by the Treasury,

of all revenue and expenditure (including any sums which

are under the said schedule to be deemed to be revenue or

expenditure) under the School Teachers (Superannuation)

Acts, 1918 to 1924 and imder this Act, as from the first

day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-two, and at

the expiration of the period of seven years from the

commencement of this Act, and at the expiration of every

subsequent period of seven years, the Treasury shall

cause an actuarial inquiry to be made for the purpose

of determining whether on the basis of the said account

the contributions payable under this Part of this Act

are sufficient, or more than sufficient or less than sufficient,

to support the benefits payable thereunder in respect of

those contributions.

4 X

1426 Ch. 59. Teachers (Superannuation) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(2) The Treasury shall cause a report of every

inquiry made under this section to be laid before both

Houses of Parliament.

Application 16. The provisions of the Schopl Teachers (Super-

of certain annuation) Act, 1918, which are set out with modifica-

provisions tions in the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect

G 5 65 purpose of the provisions of this Part of this Act

■ as if they were re-enacted therein as so set out.

Power to 17.~(1) The Board may, with the consent of the

make rules. Treasury and after consultation with representatives of

local education authorities and of teachers affected, make

rules for carrying this Act into effect, and those rules

may in particular provide—

(a) for the deduction from the salary of a teacher of the amount of the contributions payable by

him, and for the collection of contributions by

deductions to be made from any grant payable

out of moneys provided by Parliament, and

otherwise for the manner in which contributions

are to be collected;

(b) for prescribing within what periods contributions

are to be paid, and upon what conditions contributions not paid within the prescribed periods

may be accepted;

(c) for prescribing to what accounting period contributions paid under this Part of this Act are

to be attributable;

(d) for authorising the provisional collection of

contributions from or in respect of teachers

whose liability to contribute is for the time

being in doubt;

(e) for prescribing the manner m which any contributions found to have been paid in error

shall be repaid;

if) for the manner in which the salaries and emolu *

ments of teachers, the service of teachers, and

contributions paid by or in respect of teachers

are to be recorded by their employers;

(g) for prescribing what part of any sums paid to

teachers in respect of their employment in

contributory service is to be treated as emoluments;

1925.

Teachers (Superannuation)

Act, 1925. Ch. 59.

1427

(h) for determining what amounts teachers are to

be treated as receiving by way of salary for any

* »f the purposes of this Part of this Act during

periods of absence on leave or on holiday, and

how far ariy such periods are to be treated as

service for the purposes of this Part of this Act;

(i) for allowing war service to be treated as recognised or qualifying service and for prescribing

the circumstances in which, the extent to

which, and the conditions under which it is

to be so treated;

(j) for the manner in which and the time within

which an application for a superannuation

allowance or a gratuity is to be made;

(h) for prescribing anything which is under this Act

to be prescribed.

(2) AU rules made under this section shall be laid as

soon as may be before both Houses of Parliament.

18 . In this Part of this Act, unless the context Interpre

otherwise requires, the following expressions have the tation,

meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is

to say:—

" Certificated teacher, " " uncertificated teacher, "

and " teacher of a special subject " mean respectively a teacher who is recognised under the

regulations of the Board for the time being in

force for public elementary schools as a certificated teacher, a teacher who is so recognised

as an uncertificated teacher, and a teacher

who is so recognised as a teacher of a special

subject:

" Grant-aided school" means a place of education

(other than a university or a university college)

in receipt of a grant, or in respect of which a

grant is made, out of moneys provided by

Parliament from or by the Board, or from or

by any public department whose place has

been taken by the Board:

"His Majesty’s dominions" includes any territory

which is under His Majesty’s protection or in

respect of which a mandate is being exercised

by the government of any part of His Majesty’s

dominions:

4X2

1428

Construction of

references

in other

Acts to

recognised

service.

Amendments as to

recognised

service.

Ch. 59. Teachers (Superannuation) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

" Prescribed" means prescribed by rules made under

this Act:

" Qualifying service" means any employment,

whether in the capacity of ^a teacher or otherwise, which the Treasury on the recommendation

of the Board may declare to be qualifying

service for the purpose of calculating the period

qualifying for a superannuation allowance:

" Service" means salaried employment under a

contract of service with an employer of a

person who at the date of the employment is

over eighteen and under sixty-five years of age:

"United Kingdom" means Great Britain and

Northern Ireland:

" War service" means service in any of the naval

or military forces of the Crown in the late war,

or any service in connection with naval or

military operations in that war which the

Board consider may properly be treated in the

same manner as actual naval or military

service, and includes any period during which a

person though not actually serving in such

service as aforesaid was, as the result of his

service, prevented or hindered from procuring

work as a teacher owing to injury, Illness, or

any other cause.

19 . References in any Act passed before the commencement of this Act, except the School Teachers

(Superannuation) Acts, 1918 to 1924, to "recognised

service " within the meaning of the last-mentioned Acts

shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed

as references to "contributory service" within the

meaning of this Act.

Part III.

Amendments in Respect of Past Service,

20 . — (1) In the case of a teacher who served in recognised service within the meaning of the School

Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1918, in a school certified

under the Elementary Education (Blind and Deaf

1925. Teachers (Superannvxition) Ch. 59. 1429

Act, 1925.

Children) Act, 1893, any seirvice by him in the capacity 56 & 57 Vict,

of a teacher in a school or class for blind or deaf o. 42.

children "before the commencement of the last-mentioned

Act, or within such period after the commencement of

that Act as may be allowed by the Board, shall be deemed

always to have been such recognised service.

(2) The following paragraph shall be substituted

for paragraph (vi) of the definition of recognised service

in section eighteen of the School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1918:—

‘‘ (vi) in the capacity of a teacher during any

period before the school became grant-aided

in any school (not being an elementary school

or a school certified under Part IV. of the

Children Act, 1908), which, though not

grant-aided at the date of the service, was

grant-aided at any time after the date of the service before the first day of April,

nineteen hundred and twenty-four, or was in

the opinion of the Board educationally continuous with a school which was grant-aided

at any time before that date."

(3) Any addition to an aimual allowance granted

before the date of the commencement of this Act which

may be made by virtue of any of the foregoing provisions

of this section shall begin to accrue only from that date.

(4) Section eighteen of the School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1918, shall have effect, and shall be

deemed always to have had effect, as though the following

paragi’aph were substituted for paragraph (viii) thereof; —

" (viii) Subject to the prescribed conditions, in

the capacity of a teacher during any period

before the commencement of this Act in any

school (not being a school conducted for

private profit) other than such a school as is

mentioned in paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv)

or (vi) of this definition, so, however, that

not more than ten years’ service in any such

school shall be recognised for the purposes of this Act."

1430

Power to

make

schemes

extending

operation of

Act.

Ch. 59. Teachers (Superannuation) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Part IV,

tf *

General.

21.—(1) The Board may, with the consent of the

Treasury and subject to the provisions of this section,

make schemes for any of the following purposes, that is

to say:—

(a) For applying the provisions of Part II. of this Act, with such modifications as may seem to the Board desirable, to persons employed in the

capacity of teachers in schools (including

any person not being the proprietor employed

in a school conducted for private profit)

which are not grant-aided schools within the

meaning of the said Part II., so, however,

that no such scheme shall be made unless the

Treasury, after consultation with the Government Actuary, are of opinion that the contributions to be paid under the scheme may be

expected to be equal in value to the benefits

payable under the scheme in respect of such

contributions;

(b) For applying the provisions of Part II. of this Act, with such modifications as may seem to the Board desirable, to persons employed,

whether in England or Wales or elsewhere, in

the capacity of teachers by Government

Departments in England or Wales, or in

institutions which are provided by such Government Departments, or which are in receipt of

a grant, or in respect of which a grant is made,

out of moneys provided by Parliament from or

by some such Government Department other

than the Board;

(c) For giving effect to any arrangements made with

any authority administering any statutory

scheme of superannuation for school teachers

in any part of His Majesty’s dominions, providing

for the extension (whether with or without

modification) of the provisions of Part II. of this Act to service in the capacity of a teacher

in that part of His Majesty’s dominions, and

1925.

Teachers (Superannuation)

Act, 1925. Ch. 59.

1431

for the extension of such statutory scheme

to contributory service under Part II. of this

* Act.

For the purposes of the foregoing provision

the expression "His Majesty’s dominions "

includes any territory wWch is under His

Majesty’s protection or in respect of which a

mandate is being exercised by the Government

of any part of His Majesty’s dominions.

(2) Before any scheme is made under this section,

a draft thereof shall be laid before each House of

Parliament for a period of not less than twenty days

during which the House is sitting, and if either House

before the expiration of that period presents an Address

to His Majesty against the draft or any part thereof, no

further proceedings shall be taken thereon, but without

prejudice to the making of any new draft scheme.

(3) A scheme made under this section may, except

as may be otherwise provided in the scheme, at any

time be varied or revoked by another scheme so made.

22 . The expenses incurred by the Board in carrying

this Act into efiect shall be defrayed out of moneys

provided by Parliament.

23 . —(1) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or

Northern Ireland.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-six.

(3) Subsection (1) of section one of the Elementary

School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898, is hereby

repealed.

(4) This Act may be cited as the Teachers

(Superannuation) Act, 1925, and the School Teachers

(Superannuation) Acts, 1918 to 1924, and this Act may

be cited together as the Teachers (Superannuation)

Acts, 1918 to 1925.

Provision

for ex -1

penses.

Extent,

commencement and

short title.

1432

Sectioa 16.

No claim to

superannuation allowances or

gratuities as

of right.

Pa3nnent

and assignment of

allowances.

Payment

without

probate in

certain cases.

Provision as

to allowance

payable to

persons

mentally

disabled.

Ch. 59. Teachers {Superannuation^ 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

6. Except as in this Act provided, the decision of the Board

on any question which may arise as to, or which may affect, the

application of this Act to any person, or t’le qualification for any

superannuation allowance or gratuity or for the return of any

balance of contributions, or the amount of any superannuation

allowance or gratuity, or of any balance of contributions, or on

any question which may arise as to the amount of the average

salary of any teacher, shall be final.

7. —(1) Every annual superannuation allowance shall be

payable quarterly at such times and in such manner as the

Treasury may determine.

(2) Every assignment of or charge on, and every agreement

to assign or charge, any superannuation allowance or gratuity

or any sum which is or may become repayable under this Part

of this Act on account of the return of any balance of contributions shall be void, and on the bankruptcy of a person entitled

to any such allowance, gratuity or sum the allowance, gratuity

or sum shall not pass to any trustee or other person acting

on behalf of the creditors, but this provision shall be without

prejudice to any order of the court made under section fifty-one

of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, or under any corresponding

enactment in Scotland or Northern Ireland.

8. Where any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds is

payable imder this Part of this Act in respect of a superannuation allowance or gratuity granted to a deceased teacher or

of a gratuity granted to the legal personal representatives

of a deceased teacher or by way of the return of any balance

of contributions, probate or other proof of title of the legal

personal representatives may be dispensed with, and the sum

may be paid or distributed to or among the persons appearing

to the Board to be beneficially entitled to the personal estate of the deceased teacher, or to or among any one or more of those

persons, or in the case of the illegitimacy of the teacher or of his

children to or among such persons as the Board may think fit.

9. Where any sum in respect of a superannuation allowance

or gratuity or the return of any balance of contributions is

payable to any person imder this Part of this Act, and the person

to whom the sum is payable is certified by a justice or minister

of religion and by a medical practitioner to be unable by reason

1925.

Teachers (Superannuation)

Act, 1925.

C!h. 59.

1433

of mental disability to manage his affairs, the Board may pay so 1st Sch.

much of the said sum as they think fit to the institution or —con«.

person having the care of the disabled person, and may pay the

surplus, if any, or such part thereof as the Board think fit, for or

towards the maintenance and benefit of th0 wife or husband and

relatives of the disabled person.

10. Where a teacher who has applied for any super- Provisions as

annuation allowance or gratuity, or in respect of whom a death to refusal or

gratuity has been applied for, has been dismissed or otherwise

oeased to serve as a teacher in consequence of grave misconduct, or graruHy°

or has been guilty of such misconduct as, in the opinion of the

Board, has accelerated his death or retirement, the Board may

either refuse or grant at a reduced rate the allowance or

gratuity.

Where the Board, in pursuance of the foregoing provision,

have refused or granted at a reduced rate a superannuation

allowance or gratuity, they may at any time thereafter, it they

are of opinion that for any reason it is proper so to do, either

grant the allowance or gratuity or pay it in fuU.

11. —(1) If any person—

(a) for the purpose of obtaining for himself or any other Penalty for

person any superannuation allowance or gratuity false repre-

or the return of any balance of contributions per- sentation

senates any person or makes any false certificate, fraud,

false representation or false statement, or makes use

of any false certificate or document, false representation or false statement, knowing the same to be

false; or

(6) by means of any such false certificate, false document,

false representation or false statement, or by personation or other fraudulent means, obtains or

attempts to obtain for himself or any other person

any superannuation allowance or gratuity or the

return of any balance of contributions,

he shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding two years, and on summary conviction

to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a

fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds.

(2) Any penalty for any offence under this section may be

in addition to any refusal or reduction of the allowance or

gratuity.

(3) Any reference in this section to the obtaining of a

superannuation allowance or gratuity or of the return of any

balance of contributions, shall include a reference to the

obtaining of an increase of a superannuation allowance, gratuity.

1434

Isx SCH.

— cont.

Provisions

with respect

to deferred

annuities

under the

Act of 1898.

Amendment

of Elementary School

Teachers

(Superannuation)

Act, 1898.

Provisions

with respect

to local

pensions

schemes.

Ch. 59. Teachers (Superannuation) 15 & 16 Gec. 5.

Act, 1925.

or balance of contributions, and to the preventing, or the obtain

ing the rescission of, the suspension of a superannuation

allowance, and the obtaining of any sum in respect of a superannuation allowance, gratuity, or balance of contributions.

12. No teacher, other than a teacher who is not entitled

to benefits under this Part of this Act, shall make any contributions towards a deferred annuity under the Elementary School

Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898, in respect of service after

the commencement of this Act, but where any teacher has made

any such contributions in respect of service before that date he

shall, notwithstanding that he thereafter ceases to make contributions, be entitled to a deferred annuity in respect of those

contributions.

13. The provisions of the Elementary School Teachers

(Superannuation) Act, 1898, with respect to the grant of superannuation and disablement allowances shall, as from the

commencement of this Act, cease to have effect as regards

teachers entitled to benefits under this Part of this Act.

14. —(1) The following provisions shall have effect with

regard to pensions schemes:—

(o) A teacher who is not subject to a pensions scheme at

the commencement of this Act shall not, wMle he is in

contributory service, be subject to, or pay or be required

to pay any contributions under such a scheme:

(6) Where any pensions scheme apphes to a teacher who is

in recognised service at the commencement of this Act

or who thereafter enters contributory service, he may, if

he so thinks fit, make in the prescribed manner and

within the prescribed time a declaration to the effect

that he desires to withdraw from the scheme, and if he

so makes such a declaration the scheme shall as from

the date of the commencement of this Act or the date

on which he entered contributory service, as the case may

be, cease to apply to him;

(c) Where a person, to whom a pensions scheme applies as

aforesaid, does not withdraw therefrom in accordance

with the provisions of this section, this Part of this Act shall not apply to him:

(d) Where a teacher withdraws from a pensions scheme

in accordance with the provisions of this section, he

shall be entitled to be recouped by the persons having

the management of the scheme in respect of his past

contributions under the scheme in such manner and

upon such terms as may, subject to the approval of the Treasury, be agreed upon between him and those

persons, or in default of agreement, may be determined

by the Treasury.

1925. Teachers (Superannuation) Ch. 59.

Act, 1925.

(2) In this section the expression "pensions scheme " means

any scheme or arrangement established or carried on, whether

under any A.ct of Parliament or otherwise, by a council having

powers under the Education Act, 1921, or the governing body of a

school uiider which payments by way of contribution to a fund

or otherwise are made either by the council or governing body,

as the case may be, or jointly by the council or governing body,

as the case may be, and persons employed as teachers, with a

view to providing benefits for those persons on disablement,

retirement, attainment of any specified age, or death.

IG. Notwithstanding any provision regulating the trusts or

management of a school, the governing body of the school shall

have power to fulfil any conditions which may be required to be

fulfilled in order that service in that school may be contributory

service for the purpose of this Act.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Directions as to Account.

1. The accounting periods for which the account shall be

made up shall be from the first day of June, nineteen hundred

and twenty-two, to the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred

and twenty-three, and thereafter from the first day of April

in each year to the thirty-first day of March in the next year.

2, There shall be treated as having been paid into the

revenue for each accounting period—

(a) by teachers the amount of teachers’ contributions

attributable to the period, and by their employers a sum

equal to that amount; and

(h) out of moneys provided by Parliament a sum equal to the expenditure during the period upon allowances and

gratuities attributable to service before the first day of

June, nineteen hundred and twenty-two; and

(c) a sum representing interest at the rate of three-and-a-

half per cent, per annum on the mean balance, if any,

of revenue over expenditure during the period; such

mean balance being calculated by adding together

one-balf of the balance (exclusive of any interest imder

this paragraph) remaining at the end of the period and

one-half of the balance, if any, carried forward from

the last preceding accounting period; and

1435

iST SOH.

— cont.

Power of

governing

bodies to

comply with

conditions.

Section 15

1436

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Therapeutic

substances

to which

Act applies.

Restrictions

on manufacture of

therapeutic

substances.

Ch. 59, 60. Teachers (Superannuation) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(d) the amount of any balance of revenue over expenditure

remaining at the end of the last preceding accounting

period; and *

(e) any other revenue attributable to the period.

3. There shall be shewn the expenditure upon allowances

and gratuities attributable to service before the first day of

June, nineteen hundred and twenty-two, separately from expenditure upon allowances, gratuities, and the return of contributions

attributable to service since that date.

CHAPTER 60.

An Act to provide for the regulation of the

manufacture, sale, and importation of vaccines,

sera, and other therapeutic substances.

[7th August 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. This Act applies to the therapeutic substances

specified in the Schedule to this Act and any other

therapeutic substances which may from time to time be

added to that Schedule by regulations made under this Act as being substances the purity or potency of which

cannot be adequately tested by chemical means.

2.—(1) No person shall manufacture for sale any

therapeutic substance to which this Act apphes unless

he holds a licence for the purpose from the licensing

authority, or elsewhere than on the premises in respect

of which such a licence is in force.

(2) A licence under this section shall continue in

force for such period as may be prescribed, but may

from time to time be renewed for a like period, and

may extend to aU the therapeutic substances to which

this Act apphes, or to such one or more of them as may

be specified in the hcence, and shah be issued subject

to such conditions as may be prescribed.

1925.

Therapeutic Substances

Act, 1925. Ch. go.

1437

(3) An applicant for a licence or the renewal of

a licence must satisfy the licensing authority that the

conditions under which the therapeutic substances are to

be manufactured by him and the premises in which they

are to be manufactured are such as to comply with any

regulations made under this Act, and an applicant who

so satisfies the licensing authority shall be entitled to the grant or renewal of the hcence.

(4) The licensing authority may revoke a licence or

suspend it for such period as he thinks fit if in his opinion

the licensee has failed to comply with the conditions

subject to which the Hcence was issued or with the

regulations made under this Act as to the prescribed

standards of strength, quality and purity, and such

revocation or suspension may apply to aU the therapeutic

substances to which the Hcence appHes or to some

one or more of them:

Provided that a person who is aggrieved by the

revocation or suspension of his Hcence may, subject to

rules of court, appeal to the court, whose decision shall

be final.

(5) Nothing in this section shall apply to the

preparation by a registered medical practitioner for any

of his own patients or for and at the request of another

such practitioner of a therapeutic substance to which this Act appHes, if it is specially prepared with reference to the condition, and for the use, of an individual patient.

3.—(1) It shall not be lawful to import into Great Restrictions

Britain or Northern Ireland any therapeutic substance on importa-

to which this Act appHes unless the substance— ..

therapeutic

(a) is proved to the satisfaction of the licensing substances,

authority to comply with the standard of

strength, quality and purity prescribed in the

case of that substance, if the substance is one

the manufactmre of which is carried on in Great

Britain or Northern Ireland, or, if such manufacture is not so carried on, with such standards

(if any) of strength, quality and purity, as may

be prescribed for that substance, or, if no such

standards are so prescribed, with such standards

of quality and purity as are prescribed in the

case of therapeutic substances of a similar class.

1438 Ch. 60. Therapeutic Substances 15 & 16 Geo. o.

Act, 1925.

the manufacture of which is carried on in Great

Britain or Northern Ireland, and is consigned to

a person licensed by the licensing authority to

import it; or

(b) is consigned to a person engaged in scientific

research holding a special licence to import it for

the purpose of such research issued by the

licensing authority.

(2) The issue of any licence under this section shall

be subject to such conditions, including conditions as

to suspension and revocation, as may be prescribed.

(3) Therapeutic substances prohibited to be imported

by this section shall be deemed to be included among

the goods enumerated and described in the table of

prohibitions and restrictions inwards contained in section

39 & 40 Vict, forty-two of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, and

c. 36. the provisions of that Act and any Act amending or

extending that Act shall apply accor^ngly.

Joint 4.—(1) For the purpose of framing regulations

advisory under this Act and for securing uniformity of standards,

committees, there shall be established a joint committee consisting of the Minister of Health, who shall be chairman, the

Secretary for Scotland, and the Minister of Home Affairs

for Northern Ireland:

Provided that each member of the joint committee

may appoint a deputy to act for him at meetings of the

committee at which he is unable to be present.

(2) For the purpose of assisting the joint committee

in the framing of regulations under this Act, there

shall be appointed an advisory committee consisting of

one member appointed by the Minister of Health, who

shall be chairman, one member appointed by the

Scottish Board of Health, one member appointed by the Minister of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland, one

member appointed by the Medical Research Council,

one member appointed by the General Medical Council,

one member appointed by the British Medical Association,

one member appointed by the Council of the Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain, and one member

appointed by the Council of the Institute of Chemistry

of Great Britain and Ireland. •

1925.

Therapeutic Substances

Act, 1925. Ch. 60.

1439

5.—(1) The joint committee, after consultation with Power to the advisory committee, may make regulations for the "ajse regu

following purposes:— lations.

(a) for prescribing the standard of strength, quality

and purity of any therapeutic substance to

which this Act apphes:

(b) for prescribing the tests to be used for determining whether the standard prescribed as

aforesaid has been attained:

(c) for prescribing units of standardisation:

(d) for adding to the Schedule to this Act any

therapeutic substance the purity or potency of

which cannot be adequately tested by chemical

means:

(e) for prescribing the form of hcences under this Act and of applications therefor, and of notices

to be given in connection therewith:

(f) for prescribing the conditions subject to which

licences may be issued, including in the case of

a licence to manufacture conditions that the

hcensee shall allow any inspector authorised by

the licensing authority in that behalf to enter

any premises where the manufacture is carried

on, and to inspect the premises and plant and

the process of manufacture and the means

employed for standardising and testing the

manufactmed substance and to take samples

thereof:

(g) for excluding from the operation of this Act,

or of any of the provisions thereof, any therapeutic substance intended to be used solely for

veterinary purposes:

(h) for prescribing any other matter which under

.this Act is to be prescribed.

(2) Regulations so made may also as respects any

such therapeutic substance to which this Act apphes as

may be specified in the regulations contain provisions:—

(a) requiring that, if advertised or sold as a proprietary medicine or contained in such

medicine, such accepted scientific name, or

name descriptive of the true nature and origin

1440 Ch. 60. Therapeutic Substances 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

of the substance, as may be prescribed shall

appear on the label:

(&) requiring that the date of the manufacture shall

be stated in the prescribed manner on aU

vessels or other packages in which the substance

is sold or offered for sale, and prohibiting the

sale of the substance after the expiration of the

prescribed period from the date of manufacture:

(c) prohibiting the sale or the offering for sale of the

substance otherwise than in a vessel or other

container of such character as may be prescribed, and requiring that the prescribed label

• or other description shall be affixed to such

vessel or container.

(3) All regulations made under this section shall

be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as

may be after they are made:

Provided that, if an Address is presented to His

Majesty by either House of Parliament within twenty-one

days after such regulations have been laid, being days

on which that House has sat, praying that such regulations be annulled, they shall henceforth be void,

without prejudice to the'validity of anything previously

done under^ the regulations or to the making of new

regulations.

Offences. 6. If any person—

(a) being a person who is required by this Act

to be licensed in that behalf manufactures

for sale any therapeutic substance to which

this Act applies without a licence for the

purpose, or elsewhere than on premises in

respect of which a licence is in force:

(b) contravenes or fails to comply with any

condition subject to which a licence under

this Act is issued:

(c) sells or has in his possession for sale any

therapeutic substance to which this Act

applies knowing it to have been manufactured

or imported in contravention of this Act or the

regulations made thereunder:

(d) contravenes or fails to comply with the provisions of any regulation made under this Act;

1925. Therapeutic Substances Ch GO. 1441

Act, 1925.

he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

one hundred pounds, or in the case of a second or

subsequent conviction, to such a fine or to imprisonment

with or without hard labour for a time not exceeding

three months, and in either case to forfeit any goods in

connection with which the offence was committed, and

without prejudice, if the offender is the holder of a

licence, to the power of the h'censing authority to

revoke or suspend the licence.

7. —(1) The following authorities shall be the Interpreta-

licensing authorities for the purposes of this Act:— tion.

(a) as respects England and Wales, the Minister of

Health:

(b) as respects Scotland, the Scottish Board of

Health:

(c) as respects Northern Ireland, the Minister of

Home Affairs for Northern Ireland.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, the expression

"court" means as respects England and Wales the

High Court, as respects Scotland the Court of Session,

and as respects Northern Ireland the High Court of

Justice for Northern Ireland.

8. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Therapeutic Short title.

Substances Act, 1925. commencement and

(2) This Act shall come into operation on such day extent,

not being earlier than one year nor later than two years

after the passing thereof as may be fixed by His Majesty

by Order in Council

(3) This Act shall extend to Great Britain and

Northern Ireland, but in relation to Northern Ireland

shall, as respects matters within the powers of the

Parliament of Northern Ireland, be subject to repeal or

alteration by that Parliament as if it had been an Act

passed before the appointed day within the meaning of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920. 10 & ii Geo.

5. c. 67.

1442

Sections 1

and 5.

Interpretation.

]2 & 13

Geo. 6. c. 51.

Ch. 60, 61. Therapeutic Substances 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

SCHEDULE.

Thbrapktttic Substances to which this Act applies.

1. The substances commonly known as vaccines, sera,

toxins, antitoxins and antigens.

2. The substance commonly known as salvarsan (Dioxy-

diamino-arseno-benzol-di-hydrochloride) and analogous substances used for the specific treatment of infective disease.

3. Preparations of the specific antidiabetio principle of the

pancreas, Imown as insulin.

4. Preparations of the posterior lobe of the pituitary body

intended for use by injection.

CHAPTER 61.

An Act to facilitate the acquisition and maintenance of allotments, and to make further

provision for the security of tenure of tenants

of allotments.

[7th August 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

" Allotment" means an allotment garden as defined

by the Allotments Act, 1922, or any parcel of

land not more than five acres in extent cultivated or intended to be cultivated as a garden

or farm, or partly as a garden and partly as a

farm;

" Commissioners" means the Public Works Loans

Commissioners;

" The Act of 1922" means the Allotments Act, 1922.

1925.

Allotments Act, 1925.

Ch. 61.

1443

2.—(1) Subject to such conditions and during such

period as the Treasury may prescribe, and up to an

aggregate amount approved by the Treasury, the Commissioner^ may, in manner provided by the Public Works

Loans Act, 1875, as amended by this section, lend to any

approved society money required for the purpose of

purchasing land to be used as allotments.

(2) Any loan made under the powers of this section

shall be secured by mortgage or charge on the lands in

respect of which the loan is made, and such other land

or property (if any) as the society is willing to mortgage

or charge with repayment of the loan.

(3) Lands purchased by an approved society, and

in respect of which a loan is made by the Commissioners,

shall thereafter, while owned by such society, be let to

members of such society or others and used as allotments,

provided that it shall be competent for the society to

dispose of the land or any part thereof if so authorised

by a resolution passed by two-thirds at least of the

members present at a meeting of the society convened

for this purpose by a notice stating the proposal for sale,

and if the consent of the Minister of Agriculture and

Fisheries is obtained:

Provided also that, if at the time of such sale any

part of a loan made under this section remains unpaid,

the sale shall also be subject to the consent of the

Commissioners.

Nothing in this subsection shall affect or apply

to the use or disposal of any such land by the Commissioners or any persons deriving title under them in

such manner as they may think fit.

(4) The Commissioners shall not under this section

advance a sum in excess of two-thirds of the value, as

ascertained to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, of the land proposed to be acquired or make any advance

to a society except where it is shown to the satisfaction

of the Commissioners that an amount equal to one-third

of the value of the land to be purchased has been

provided from other sources in a manner approved by

the Commissioners and has been, or will be, expended in

part payment of the purchase price of the land to be

mortgaged to the Commissioners.

4 Y 2

Loans by

Commissioners to

allotment

societies.

38 & 39 Vict,

0. 89.

1444

Ch. 61.

Allotments Act, 1925. 16 & 16 Geo. 6.

(5) The rate of interest payable on the mortgage shall

be such rate as the Treasury shall from time to time

prescribe.

(6) The amount secured by the mortgage or charge,

with interest thereon, shall be repayable within a period

not exceeding thirty-five years by equal yearly or half-

yearly instalments of principal and interest combined.

(7) The land comprised in the mortgage or charge

must be freehold or copyhold land free from any mortgage

or other charge affecting it in priority to the mortgage

or charge of the Commissioners,

(8) For the purposes of this Act " approved society "

means—

(a) a society registered imder the Industrial and

Provident Societies Acts, 1893 to 1923, or the

Friendly Societies Acts, 1896 to 1924, one of

whose objects is the provision of allotments,

and which, by its constitution or otherwise, is

restricted in relation to the rate of interest on

share and loan capital and the distribution of

profits amongst its members so as to comply

with regulations made in that behalf by the

Treasury; or

(b) a company registered under the Companies Acts,

1908 to 1918, which does not trade for profit, or

w'hose constitution forbids the issue of any

share or loan capital with interest or dividend

exceeding the rate for the time being prescribed

by the Treasury.

(9) The powers conferred by this section on the Commissioners are in addition to and not in derogation of

any powers conferred on them by any other enactment.

Provision

for

allotments

in town-

planning

schemes.

15 Geo. 5.

c. 16.

3.—(1) Every local authority or joint committee of

local authorities preparing a town-planning scheme in

pursuance of the Town Planning Act, 1925, shall, in

preparing such scheme, consider what provision ought

to be included therein for the reservation of land for

allotments.

Before determining whether provision shall be included as aforesaid, the local authority or joint committee

shall consult the council of any borough or urban

1925.

Allotments Act, 1925.

Ch. 61 .

1445

district any part of whose district is within the area

of the proposed scheme, and consider any recommendations which the council of the borough or urban district

make. *

Every local authority or joint committee submitting a town-planning scheme to the Minister of

Health for his approval shall furnish therewith a statement

under the hand of their clerk or other competent officer

certifying that the requirements of this subsection have

been complied with.

(2) The Minister of Health shall notify the Minister

of Agriculture and Fisheries of any resolution passed by

a local authority or joint committee deciding to prepare

a town-planning scheme in pursuance of the Town

Planning Act, 1925.

(3) The council of every borough or urban district,

any part of whose district is within the area of a town-

planning scheme, shall take into consideration from

time to time, but at least once in every year, the question

whether any and, if so, what lands within the area of the scheme are needed for allotments, whether reserved

for the purpose or not, and ought to be acquired under

and in accordance with the provisions of the Allotments

Acts, 1908 to 1922, as amended by this Act.

(4) In the case of any borough or urban district

for which an allotments committee is appointed under

the Act of 1922, as amended by this Act, the

council of the borough or urban district shall refer to

their allotment committee any matter which they are

required to consider under subsections (1) and (3) of this section, or which is referred to them for their consideration by any other local authority under subsection

(1) of this section, .and shall consider the report of the

allotments committee thereon.

4. Notwithstanding the provisions of section sixteen Limit of

of the Act of 1922, the council of any borough or urban expenditure

district may take proceedings under the provisions of proAdsion

the Allotments Acts, 1908 to 1922, relating to allotments

if, in the opinion of the council, the expenses referred to

in such section may reasonably be expected, after the

proceedings are taken, to exceed the receipts of the

council under those provisions by no greater amount than

would be produced by a rate of one penny in the pound.

1446

Acquisition

of land for

future allotments.

Amendment

of section

ten (3) of

Act of 1922.

Amendment

of section

ten (4) of

Act of 1922.

Sale, &c., of

land used as

allotments.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 36.

61. Allotments Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

5. The council of a borough or urban district may

acquire land for allotments, notwithstanding that the

land or any part of it cannot immediately be let in

allotments, provided that the Minister of Health is

satisfied, after consultation wfith the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, that there is a reasonable expectation

that the land will eventually be required for allotments.

6. Section ten of the Act of 1922 is hereby amended

by the substitution for paragraph (b) of subsection (3)

of the following paragraph:—

(b) by not less than three months’ notice

in writing given by the owner to the council in

any case where the land is required for any

purpose other than the use of the land for

agriculture, sport, or recreation, and by not less

than six months’ notice in writing so given and

expiring on or before the sixth day of April, or

on or after the twenty-ninth day of September,

where the land is required for use for sport or

recreation.

7. The right of a tenant to claim compensation

under subsection (4) of section ten of the Act of 1922

shall be exerciseable notwithstanding that it is otherwise

agreed in the contract of tenancy in any case where the

rent payable by the tenant under his contract of tenancy

for the land exceeds threepence per pole, unless, in the

case of a tenancy existing at the passing of this Act, the

council within three months after the passing of this Act

gives notice in writing to the tenant that the rent of the

land is as from the last preceding date for payment of

rent reduced to a rent of threepence per f)ole or less.

8. Where a local authority has purchased land for

use as allotments the local authority shall not sell,

appropriate, use, or dispose of the land for any purpose

other than use for allotments without the consent of the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries after consultation with the Minister of Health, and such consent shall

not be given unless the Minister is satisfied that adequate

provision will be made for allotment holders displaced by

the action of the local authority or that such provision

is unnecessary or not reasonably practicable, and where

such consent is obtained the sanction of the county

council under section thirty-two of the Small Holdings

and Allotments Act, 1908, shall not be required.

1925.

Allotments Act, 1925.

Ch. 61.

1447

9. Section eleven of the Act of 1922 shall be read

as if the period of twenty-one days were substituted

therein for the period of ten days as the period within

which a ciotice may be served on the person requiring

possession.

10. Where after the date of this Act coming into

operation land which is not used for allotments commences to be so used, the gross value, or the gross

estimated rental, for the purposes of any enactment

relating to rating, at which the land is assessed immediately before such user shall not be increased during

the first three years of such user, and where the land

so used was immediately before such user included with

other land in one assessment in the valuation hst in

force, the gross value or gross estimated rental of the

land included in that assessment shall for the purposes

of this section be apportioned according to acreage as

between the land used for allotments and the other land:

Provided that, if on the application of any person

interested, or without any such application, it appears to the assessment committee that apportionment according

to acreage would work an injustice, the gross value or

gross estimated rental shall be apportioned in such

manner as the assessment committee may determine.

11 . The provisions of subsection (1) of section

seventeen of the Act of 1922, relating to the assessment

of a council to rates shall apply to an approved society

providing land for allotments in the same manner as

it applies to a council, and subsection (2) of that section

is hereby repealed.

12. —(1) Subsection (1) of section fourteen of the Act

of 1922 shall apply in any case where the total number

of allotments provided by the council of a borough or

urban district exceeds the number of four hundred,

notwithstanding that the population of the borough or

urban district is less than ten thousand.

(2) In section fourteen subsection (2) of the Act of

1922 the words "be not more than one-third of the total

" number of the members of the committee or be leas

" than two or one-fifth of such total number whichever

" be the larger number " are hereby repealed, and the

foUovdng words shall be and are hereby substituted

therefor " be as near as may be one-third of the total

" number of the members of the committee, and in no

Amendment

of s. 11 of the Act of

1922.

Rating of

new allot,

ments.

Amendment

of section

seventeen of the Act of

1922.

Allotment

committees

of urban

authorities.

1448

Records of

purchase

price, rent,

and rateable

value of

land

acquired.

Short title.

Appointment of

Public

Works

Loan Commissioners

Ch. 61, 62. Allotments Act, 1925.' 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

" case shall the number of representative members be

" less than two."

(3) This section shall not come into operation until

the first day of November, nineteen hundred and

twenty-five.

13. Where land is purchased or leased by a local

authority under the Allotments Acts, 1908 to 1922, or

this Act, the local authority shall record the purchase

price or rent agreed to be paid for the land, and the

gross value or gross estimated rental at which the land

is assessed for rating purposes at the date of its acquisition, where it is separately so assessed, or the apportioned

part thereof as estimated by the local authority, where it

is not so separately so assessed, and the particulars so

recorded shall be included by each local authority in

their annual report to the Minister of Agriculture and

Fisheries imder section fifty-nine of the Small Holdings

and Allotments Act, 1908.

14. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Allotments

Act, 1925, and the Allotments Acts, 1908 to 1922, and

this Act may be cited together as the Allotments Acts,

1908 to 1925.

(2) This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Northern

Ireland.

CHAPTER 62.

An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain

Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and

for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

[7th August 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Whereas the term of office of persons who are,

at the passing of this Act, Public Works Loan Commissioners under the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, will

expire at the end of a period of five years from the first

day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-one, and it

1925.

Public Works Loans

Act, 1925. Ch. 02.

1449

is expedient to appoint Commissioners for a

period of five years:

Tlienjfore, the following persons (that is to say):—

The Right Honourable Lord Hunsdon,

The Honourable Evelyn Hubbard,

Edward Henry Loyd, Esquire,

William Douro Hoare, Esquire,

Robert Lydston Newman, Esquire,

The Right Honourable the Earl of Chiehester,

The Right Honourable Lord Clwyd,

Laurence Currie, Esquire,

Alexander Brodrick Leslie-Mehdlle, Esquire,

Anthony de Rothschild, Esquire,

Alfred Mildmay, Esquire,

The Honourable Sir William Henry Goschen,

K.B.E.,

Sir Charles Eric Hambro, K.B.E.,

Charles Robert Gilliat, Esquire,

Granville Edward Bromley Bromley-Martin,

Esquire,

Alexander Balfour Williamson, Esquire,

Edward Clifton Brown, Esquire,

Robert Wallace, Esquire,

further for five

years.

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 89.

shall, after the passing of this Act, be Public Works Loan

Commissioners under the Public Works Loans Act, 1875,

and shall hold office until the expiration of five years

from the first day of April, nineteen hundred and

twenty-six.

2. ~(1) There may be issued by the National Debt Grants for

Commissioners for the purpose of local loans by the Publie public

Works Loan Commissioners any sum or sums not

exceeding in the whole the sum of twenty-five million

pounds.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period

ending on the day on which a further Act granting money

for the purposes of those loans comes into operation,

and in accordance with the provisions of the National

Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887. 50 & 51

Vict. c. 16.

3. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the Certain debt

local loan specified in the table contained in the Schedule not to be

to this Act should, to the extent specified in the last

column of that table, not be reckoned as an asset of the

fund.

1450

Remission

of balance

of principal

and interest

in respect

of Appleton

Sawmills

loan.

Short title.

Sections 3

and 4.

Ch. 62. Pvhlic Works Loans 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

local loans fund established under the National Debt

and Local Loans Act, 1887:

Now, therefore, the principal of the said loiin, to the

extent aforesaid, shall be written off from the assets of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen

of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

4. Whereas under the last preceding section of this Act it is provided that the principal of a certain loan to the Appleton Sawmills General Utility Society, Limited,

should, to the extent specified in the Schedule to this Act, be written off from the assets of the local loans

fund:

And w'hereas the sum so specified constitutes the

balance remaining unpaid out of the total amount

advanced, and is irrecoverable:

Therefore, the principal of the said local loan, to the

extent aforesaid, shall be extinguished and all arrears of

interest thereon shall be remitted.

5. This Act may be cited as the Public Works

Loans Act, 1925.

SCHEDULE.

Loan by Pubiac Woeks Loan Commissioners

UNDER the Housing Acts.

Name of Borrower.

Amount

of loan.

Amoimt to be

written off.

Appleton Sawmills General Utility

Society, Limited.

, 2, 139

£ 8. d.

2, 024 13 5

1925.

Diseases of Animals

Act, 1925. Ch. 63.

1451

CHAPTER 63.

An Act to provide for contributions out of moneys

provided by Parliament towards the compensation payable by local authorities for the slaughter

of cattle in accordance with orders made under

the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894, in case of the

existence or suspected existence of tuberculosis.

[7th August 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1, —(1) Where In accordance with any order made Contribu-

by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries (hereinafter 'tion out of

referred to as " the Minister ") under section nineteen of moneys

the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894, directing or authorising pari^amen/

the slaughter of cattle in case of the existence or suspected to compen-

existence of tuberculosis, compensation is paid out of the sation paid

local rate for the slaughter of any cattle by a local

authority, the local authority shall be entitled to be

repaid by the Minister, subject to any directions which cattle,

maybe given by the Treasury, out of moneys provided 57 & 51 Vict

by Parliament a sum equal to three-fourths of the c. 57 . '

amount of compensation so paid by them, and any sura

so repaid shall be carried by the local authority to the

credit of the rate out of which the compensation was

paid.

In this section the expression "cattle" means bulls,

cows, oxen, heifers and calves.

(2) In computing for the purposes of this section

the amount of compensation paid by a local authority,

no deduction shall be made in respect of any sum

received by the local authority on the sale of a carcase.

(3) All claims to repayments under this Act shall

be made by a local authority quarterly, as on the first

day of January, April, July and October, in respect of the compensation paid by them during the preceding

three months, and a local authority shall furnish to the Minister such information as he may require in connection

with any such claim.

1452

Application,

to Northern

Ireland.

Short title,

and citationi

Summer

Time Act to

be made

permanent,

and period

of summer

time extended.

12 & 13 Geo.

6, c. 22.

Ch. 63, 04. Diseases of Animals 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Actf 1925.

2. —(1) This Act in its application to Northern

Ireland shall have effect as if references to a Secretary

of State were therein substituted for references to the Minister.

(2) Where a local authority is entitled to a repayment under this Act in respect of any compensation

paid by them, any sum payable under section seventy-

two of the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894, out of the

General Cattle Diseases (Northern Ireland) Fund in

respect of such compensation shall be reduced to such

amount as together with the sum which the authority

is entitled to be repaid under this Act is equivalent to the total amount of the compensation paid by the

authority after making all proper deductions for money

received by them in respect of the animals slaughtered.

3. This Act may be cited as the Diseases of

Animals Act, 1925, and the Diseases of Animals Acts,

1894 to 1922, and this Act may be cited together as the

Diseases of Animals Acts, 1894 to 1925.

CHAPTER 64.

An Act to provide for the permanent adoption of

summer time.

[7th August 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; —

1.—(1) The Summer Time Act, 1922, shall become

a permanent Act, and subsection (3) of section three of

that Act is hereby repealed.

(2) Subsection (1) of section three of the Summer

Time Act, 1922 (which defines the period of summer

time for the purposes of that Act) shall, as from the

commencement of this Act, have effect as though the

first Saturday in October were therein substituted for

the third Saturday in September.

1925.

Summer Time Act, 1925.

Ch. 64.

1453

2. This Act may be cited as the Summer Time Act, Short title.

1925, and shall be construed as one with the Summer

Time Act, 1922, and that Act and this Act may be cited

together hs the Summer Time Acts, 1922 to 1925.

CHAPTER 65.

An Act to provide for raising further Money for

the purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to

1924.

[7th August 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; —

l.-~(l) The Treasury may, with a view to the Grant for

development of the telephonic system in Great Britain purposes of

and Northern Ireland, without prejudice to the exercise Telegraph

of any powers previously given for the like pmpose,

issue out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing

produce thereof, such sums not exceeding in the whole •

the sum of thirty million pounds as may be required by

the Postmaster-General for the purpose of developing

the telephonic system according to estimates approved

by the Treasury.

(2) The Treasmy may, if they think fit, for the

purpose of providing money for sums so authorised to be

issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or for repaying to

that fund aU or any part of the sums so issued, borrow by

means of terminable annuities for a term not exceeding

twenty years, and all sums so borrowed shall be paid into

the Exchequer.

(3) The said annuities shall be paid out of moneys

provided by Parliament for the service of the Post Ofl&ce,

and if those moneys are insufiScient shall be charged on

and paid out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing

produce thereof.

(4) The Treasury may also, if they think fit, for the

same purpose borrow money by means of the issue of

Exchequer bonds, and the Capital Expenditure (Money) 4 Edw. 7,

Act, 1904, shall have effect as if this Act had been in c. 21.

force at the time of the passing of that Act.

1454

Ch. 65, 66.

l&2 Geo.5,

c. 26.

Short title.

Amendment

of 10 & 11

Geo. 5.

c. 54.

Telegraph (Money) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(5) Section five of the Telephone Transfer Act, 1911

(which relates to audit), shall have effect as if this Act

were included amongst the Acts therein mentioned.

2. This Act may be cited as the Telegraph (Money)

Act, 1925, and may be cited with the Telegraph Acts,

1863 to 1924.

CHAPTER 66.

An Act to amend the Seeds Act, 1920.

[7th August 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) To section eleven of the Seeds Act, 1920,

shall be added the following subsection, namely:—

(3) Notwithstanding any enactment prescribing the time within which proceedings may be

brought before a court of summary jurisdiction

proceedings for an offence under this Act for

making or causing to be made a false statement

as to the class or variety of seed potatoes, may be

commenced at any time within twelve months

of the date on which the alleged offence was

committed.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

2. This Act may be cited as the Seeds (Amendment) Act, 1925,

Short title.

1925.

Wireless Telegraphy

(Explanation) Act, 1925.

Ch. 67.

U5.')

CHAPTER 67.

An Act to explain the meaning of the expressions

" transmission " and " rent or royalty " where

used in certain provisions of the Wireless

Telegraphy Act, 1904.

[7th August 1925 ]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. For removing doubts as to the meaning of certain Explanation

expressions in the Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1904, it is certain

hereby declared that:

(1) The expression "transmission" where used in c. 24. ss.

subsection (7) of section one and section two of 1 (7) and 2.

that Act in relation to messages includes, and

shall be deemed always to have included, the

reception as well as the sending of messages:

(2) The expression "rent or royalty " where used

in section two of that Act in relation to licences

does not include, and shall be deemed never to

have included, fees (whether periodical or of any

other kind) charged in respect of the grant or

renewal of licences:

Provided that nothing in this Act shall render any

person liable in respect of any act or omission prior to the twenty-second day of June, nineteen hundred and

twenty-five, to any penalty to which he would not but

for this Act have been liable.

2. This Act maybe cited as the Wireless Telegraphy Short title

(Explanation) Act, 1925, and shall be construed as one and con-

with the Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1904, and that Act stmction,

and the Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1906, and this Act may 6 Edw. i

be cited together as the Wireless Telegraphy Acts, 1904

to 1925, and the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1924, and this Act may be cited together as the Telegraph Acts, 1863

to 1925.

1456

Planting of

trees and

laying out

of grass

margins in

highways.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 41.

Ch. 68. Roads haprovement 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

CHAPTER 68.

4)

An Act to make further provision for the improvement of roads, including the prescription of

building lines, and for purposes connected

therewith.

[7th August 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Minister of Transport (hereinafter re-

ferred to as the Minister) and any county council or

other highway authority shall have power to cause

trees or shrubs to be planted and grass margins to be

laid out in any highway maintainable by him or them

respectively; and to erect and maintain guards or fences

and otherwise to do anything expedient for the maintenance or protection of such trees, shrubs and grass

margins.

(2) No such tree, shrub, grass margin, guard or

fence shall be placed, laid out or allowed to remain in

such a situation as to hinder the reasonable use of the

highway by any person entitled to the use thereof, or so

as to be a nuisance or injurious to the owner or occupier

of any land or premises adjacent to the highway.

(3) The powers conferred by this section shall not

be exercised by the Minister, or any county council or

other highway authority except in a highway vested in

him or them respectively, or upon land so vested which

forms part of a highway.

(4) Where an mban authority incurs expenses under

this section in connection wnth a main road which is

maintained and repaired by that authority pursuant to

subsection (2) of section eleven of the Local Government

Act, 1888, the expenses shall not be treated as part of the costs towards which the county council are required

to make an annual payment under that subsection

except where and so far as the coimty council consent

to their being so treated.

1925.

Roads Improvement

Act, 1925. Ch. 68.

1457

(5) If damage is caused to the property of any

person bj' anything done in exercise of the powers

conferred^by tMs section, that person shall, unless the

damage was caused or contributed to by his negligence,

be entitled to recover compensation therefor from the Minister, county council or other highway authority by

whom the powers were exercised.

(6) For the purposes of section seven of the

Telegraph Act, 1878, any work done in exercise of the 41 & 42 Vict,

powers conferred by this section shall be deemed to be c. 76.

work done in the execution of an undertaking authorised

by an Act of Parliament, and any county council or

highway authority carrying out the work shall be deemed

to be the undertakers.

2. For the purposes of Part II. of the Development Amend-

and Road Improvement Funds Act, 1909, the expression ment of s. 8

" improvement of roads " shall, in addition to the matters

specified in subsection (5) of section eight of that Act,

include the planting, laying out, maintenance and

protection of trees, shrubs and grass margins in and

beside roads, the placing on or near roads of notices,

milestones and sign posts, the freeing of roads from

tolls, and the prescription of building fines along roads.

3. Where under Part II. of the Development and Acquisition

Road Improvement Fvmds Act, 1909, a new road is of land to

constructed, or an advance is made in respect of the

construction or improvement of a road, and land forming

part of any common, open space, or allotment, is under land, &c.

any enactment acquired, or proposed to be acquired, for

the purposes of such construction or improvement, if

any land is requhed for the purpose of being given in

exchange for such land, the land required to be given

in exchange shall be deemed to be required for the

purpose of the construction or improvement of the road,

and the provisions of section eleven of the said Act, as

amended by any subsequent enactment, shall apply

accordingly.

4. — (1) Where the Minister or any county council Prevention

or other highway authority is of opinion that it is of obstruc-

necessary for the prevention of danger arising from

obstruction to the view of persons using the highway oomers.

4Z

1458 Ch. 68. Roads Improvement 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

to impose restrictions with respect to any land at or

near any corner or bend in a lughway maintainable by

him or them, respectively, the Mnister, county coimcil,

or other highway authority may serve a notice—

(a) upon the owner or occupier of the land directing

him to alter the height or character of any

wall (not being a wall forming part of the structure of a permanent edifice), fence, or hedge

thereon so as to cause it to conform with any

requirements specified in the notice; or

(b) upon every owner, occupier and lessee of the

land restraining them either absolutely or

subject to such conditions as may be specified

in the notice, from permitting any building,

wall, fence, or hedge to be erected or planted

on the land:

Provided that—

(i) there shall be armexed to any notice served

under this section a plan showing the land to

which the notice relates; and

(ii) a notice restraining the erection of any

building upon land shall not be served by the Minister or any county council or other

highway authority except with the consent of the local authority for the district in

which the land is situated; and

(iii) the owner or occupier of any land shall not

be restrained by a notice served under this

section from executing or perinitting the

reconstruction or repair in such manner as

not to create any new obstruction to the

view of persons using the highways adjacent

to the land of any building which was upon

the land before the service of the notice.

(2) Any restrictions imposed by a notice served

under this section shall come into force upon the service

of the notice and shall remain in force until the notice

is withdrawn by the Minister, county council, or other

highway authority by whom it was served, and any

such restrictions shall, while in force, be binding upon

any successor in title to the owner or occupier of the land

to which they relate unless he proves that when he

1925.

Roads Improvement

Act, 1925. Ch. 68.

1459

became the owner or occupier of the land he had, after

making due inquiries, no reasonable cause to suspect

that any* such restrictions were in force.

(3) If any person upon whom a notice has been

served under this section objects tO comply with any

requirement of the notice, or objects to any restriction

imposed thereby, he may, within fourteen days after

receipt of the notice, send his objection in writing,

stating the grounds thereof, to the authority by whom

the notice was served, and thereupon the question

whether the notice shall be withdrawn as respects any

requirement or restriction objected to shall be determined in the manner provided by this Act.

(4) Any person upon whom a notice is served under

this section shall have power, notwithstanding anything

in any conveyance or in any lease or other agreement,

to do aU such things as may be necessary for complying

with the requirements of the notice.

(5) Where notice has been served upon any person

under this section, the Minister, county council, or other

highway authority by whom the notice was served may,

with the consent of that person, do on his behalf anything

necessary for complying with the requirements of the

notice.

(6) Subject to the provisions of this section, if any

person upon whom a notice has been served under this

section fails to comply with the requirements of, or acts

in contravention of, the notice, he shall, without prejudice

to any other proceedings which may be taken against

him, be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on

summary conviction thereof to a penalty not exceeding

five pounds, and any person so convicted shall within

such time as the court may allow do aU such things

as may be necessary to conform to the requirements or

restrictions imposed by the notice, and if he fails to do so

he shall be deemed to commit a continuing offence, and

shall be liable on summary conviction thereof to a

penalty not exceeding forty shillings for each day upon

which such failure continues.

(7) Any person upon whom a notice is served under

this section shall be entitled to recover from the Minister,

county council, or other highway authority by whom

the notice was served any expenses reasonably incurred

4Z 2

1460 Ch. 68. Roads Improvement 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

by him in carrying out any directions contained in the

notice; and any person sustaining loss in direct consequence of any requirement of a notice served under

this section, or any person who proves that his property

is injuriously affected by restrictions imposed by any

such notice shall, if he makes a claim within six months

after the service of the notice be entitled to recover

from the Minister, county council, or other highway

authority by whom the notice was served compensation

for the injury sustained.

(8) The improvement of a road by a county council

or other highway authority in exercise of their powers

under this section shall, whether or not land is required

to be pmchased for the purpose, be deemed to be an

improvement in respect of which the Minister is

empowered to make advances under section eight of the

Development and Road Improvement Funds Act, 1909,

as amended by any subsequent enactment.

(9) Nothing in this section shall—

(a) authorise the service of a notice under this

section with respect to any wall forming part

of an ancient monument or other object of

archaeological interest, except with the consent

in writing of the Commissioners of Works; or

(&) apply with respect to any wall belonging to

a railway company or to the owners, trustees,

or conservators acting under powers conferred

by Parliament of any canal, inland navigation,

dock, or harbour where the walj forms part

of or is necessary for the maintenance of

thek railway, canal, inland navigation, dock,

or harbour.

Prescription 5.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section a

of building county council or other highway authority may by reso-

lines. lution prescribe in relation to either side of any part

of a highway maintainable by them a frontage hne for

building (in this section referred to as " a building

line "):

Provided that—

(a) the Minister may by order direct that a

building line shall not be prescribed under

this section in relation to any class of road

1925.

Roads Improvement

Act, 1925. Ch. 68.

1461

classified by him under subsection (2) of

section seventeen of the Ministry of Transport 9 & 10 Geo. 5

» Act, 1919, until notification of the budding c. 50.

line proposed has been sent to him and his

observations with respect thereto have been

considered; and

(6) before a budding fine is prescribed under this

section—

(i) affecting any main road maintainable

by an urban authority by virtue of the provisions of subsection (2) of section eleven

of the Local Government Act, 1888, notification of the budding line proposed to be

prescribed shad be sent to the council of

any county in which any land proposed to

be affected is situated; or

(u) by any county councd, notification of the building line proposed to be prescribed

shall be sent to the local authority for

every district in which any land proposed

to be affected is situated, and to every

authority for the time being authorised to

make a scheme under the Town Planning 15 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925, or under any enactment repealed 1-

by that Act, in respect of any such district,

and any observations by an authority to whom

notification has been sent as aforesaid, which

are nlade within three months after the receipt

of the notification shad be considered by the

authority proposing to prescribe the building

line.

(2) Any building line proposed to be prescribed and

every budding line prescribed under this section shad be

distinctly marked and shown on plans to be signed by,

and deposited with, the clerk of the authority prescribing

the building line, and the said plans shad be at ad

reasonable times thereafter open for the inspection of the pubdc without charge; and any county council or

other highway authority prescribing a budding line unde

this section—

(a) before the building line is prescribed shad give

notice in writing of the proposal to prescribe

1462 Ch. 68. Roads Improvement 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

the building line and of the times and place at

which the plans aforesaid can be inspected, by

serving a notice in writing upon evei‘y owner,

occupier and lessee of land proposed to be

affected, and shall consider any objection to the

proposal made within six weeks after the service

of the notice;

(!)) within six weeks after the building line has

been prescribed, shall cause the plan showing

the building line to be sealed and authenticated

by the signature of their clerk, and shall serve

upon every owner, occupier and lessee of land

affected a notice in writing of the prescription

of the building line and of the times and place

at which the said plan can be inspected.

(3) Where a building line prescribed under this section

is in force it shall not be lawful, except with the consent of the authority by whom the building line was prescribed,

to erect or make nearer to the middle of the highway

than the building line any new building, other than a

boundary wall or fence, or any permanent excavation

below the level of the highway:

Provided that the consent of a county council or

other highway authority for the purposes of this subsection may be given subject to such conditions as

the authority think fit to impose, and any conditions so

imposed shall be binding upon any successor in title to the owner, occupier o; r lessee of any land to which they

relate.

(4) If any person erects or makes, or permits to

be erected or made, any new building, or permanent

excavation in contravention of the provisions of this

section, he shall, without prejudice to any other proceedings which may be taken against him, be guilty of

an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction

thereof to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and any

person so convicted shall, within such time as the court

may allow, remove any building erected, or fill in any

excavation made in contravention of this section, and if

he fails to do so he shall be deemed to commit a continuing offence, and shall be liable on summary conviction thereof to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings

for each day upon which such failure continues.

]925.

Roads Improvement

Act, 1925. Ch. 68.

1463

(5) Any person who proves that his property is

injuriously affected by the prescription of a building

line under this section shall, if he makes a claim within

six months after the prescription thereof, or in the case

of an owner, occupier, or lessee, within six months

after the service upon him of a notice of the prescription thereof, be entitled to recover from the county

council or other highway authority by whom the building

hne was prescribed, compensation for the injury sustained, and any question whether compensation is payable

under this section, or as to the amount of any compensation so payable, shall in default of agreement be

determined by an official arbitrator appointed under

the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation)

Act, 1919:

Provided that in determining any such question as

aforesaid—

(a) no compensation shall be payable to any person in

respect of anything done by him or on his behalf

after the date of the service upon him of a notice

of the proposal to prescribe a building hne, except

in respect of anj^thing done in pursuance of a

contract made, or for the purpose of finishing a

buildhig begun, before that date; and

(6) there shall be taken into account any benefit

accruing to the person to whom compensation

is payable, by reason of any improvement made

or about to be made to the highway.

(b) In the administrative County of London the

powers conferred by this section shall not be exercised

except by the London County Council, and may be

exercised by that council in relation to any highway,

whether maintainable by them, by the Common Council

of the City of London, or by a metropolitan borough

council; and aU expenses of the London County Council

incurred under this section, so far as not defrayed out of

any advance made by the Minister, shall be defrayed as

expenses for general county purposes:

Provided that the Common Council of the City of

London and any metropolitan borough council may, as

9&10 Geo. 5.

c. 67.

1464 Ch. 68. Roads Improvement' 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

part of the general expenses of the council, pay or contribute towards the payment of any expenses incurred by

the London County Council under this section.

(7) The powers conferred by this section shall be

in addition to, and not in derogation of, any powers

conferred by any other Act:

Provided that a county council or other highway

authority shall not, except with the consent of the Minister of Health and subject to any conditions imposed

by him, exercise the powers conferred by this section

with respect to any land to which a resolution having

effect under section two of the Town Planning Act, 1925,

or under any corresponding enactment repealed by that

Act, extends.

(8) Nothing in this section shall affect—

(a) any right of statutory undertakers for gas,

water, electricity, tramways or light railways,

to make any excavation for the purpose of

laying, altering, repairing or renewing any

main, pipe, electric line, duct or other

apparatus; or

(b) any land belonging to a railway company or

to the owners, trustees or conservators acting

under powers conferred by Parliament, of

any canal, inland navigation, dock or harbour

where the land is held by them for the purposes of their railway, canal, inland navigation,

dock or harbour, except in so far as they may

consent thereto; or

(c) any land specifically authorised by Parliament

to be used by any statutory imdertakers for

the manufacture or storage of gas, the generating of electricity, or as a pumping station

or reservoir for water, except in so far as the

undertakers may consent thereto:

• Provided that any consent required for the purposes

of this subsection shall not be unreasonably withheld,

and any question whether or not consent so required is

unreasonably withheld shall be determined by the Minister

after consultation with the Minister of Health.

1925 .

Roads Improvement

Act, 1925. Ch. 68 1465

6.—(1) The Minister may, either by himself or through

any authority or other organisation approved by him, conduct experiments or trials for the improvement of the

construction of roads, or for testing the effect of various

classes of vehicles on various types of roads, and may

construct such roads and works, erect such plant, provide

such accommodation, and, subject to the approval of the

Treasury, incur such expenditure as may be necessary

for the ptmpose.

(2) An experiment or trial under this section shall

not be conducted on any highway except with the

consent of the authority or person responsible for the

maintenance of the highway, and, where the highway is

a main road maintained by an luban authority pursuant

to subsection (2) of section eleven of the Local Government Act, 1888, the consent of the county council

also.

(3) If damage is caused to the property of any

person by anything done in exercise of the powers

conferred by this section, that person shall, unless the

damage was caused or contributed to by his negligence,

be entitled to recover compensation therefor from the Minister,

7 . The powers conferred by this Act upon the Minister, or any county council or other highway

authority may, by agreement between any of them

respectively, be exercised jointly, and any such agreement may provide for the apportionment of any

expenses incurred thereunder.

8. AU expenses under this Act incurred by the Minister shall be paid out of the Road Fund, and all

such expenses incurred by a county council or other

highway authority, so far as not defrayed out of any

advance made by the Minister, shall, except as otherwise in this Act expressly provided, be defrayed as

expenses incmred by the county council or authority in

exercise of their powers as a highway authority, and

the enactments relating to such expenses, including

the provisions thereof as to borrowing, shall apply

accordingly.

9. —(1) If any question arises—

(a) whether compensation is payable imder any

of the provisions of this Act except section

Power to

conduct

experiments.

Joint

exercise of

powers.

Expenses.

Deter,

mination of

questions.

I4()6

52 & 53 Victi

c. 49.

Provisions

as to

notices.

Ch. 68. Roads Improvement 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

five thereof or as to the amount of any

compensation so payable; or

(6) whether a notice served under section four of this Act shall be withdrawn as respects any

requirement or restriction objected to in

manner provided by this Act; or

(c) whether any expenses were reasonably incurred

by any person in carrying out directions contained in a notice served under section four

of this Act;

the question shall be decided, if the parties so agree, by

a single arbitrator appointed by them, or in default of

such agreement as aforesaid, by the county court.

(2) A county court shall have jurisdiction to deal

with any such question as aforesaid, notwithstanding

that, by reason of the amount of claim or otherwise, the

case would not, but for this provision, be within the

jurisdiction of a county court.

(3) In determining any question whether a notice

served under section four of this Act shall be withdrawn

as respects a requirement or restriction objected to, the

arbitrator or court shall have power to order that the

requirement or restriction shall have effect subject to

such modifications, if any, as the arbitrator or court

may direct.

(4) Except in so far as they may be applied by

county court rules, the provisions of the .^bitration

Act, 1889, shall not apply to any proceedings in a county

court under this Act.

10 . Subject as hereinafter provided, every notice

which may be served under this Act may be served

either by delivering it or leaving it at the usual or last

known place of abode of the person on whom it is to

be served, or by sending it by post as a registered

letter addressed to him at his usual or last known

place of abode, or if that cannot be found, by fixing

it on some conspicuous part of the land; and any such

notice or document may be addressed, as the case may

require, to the " owner, " " occupier " or " lessee " of the

land (describing it) without further name or description;

Provided that a notice requiring the owner or

occupier of land to alter the height or character of any

1925.

Roads Improvement

Act, 1925. Ch. 68.

1467

wall, fence or hedge thereon shall be served personally

upon him or his agent, or upon some person having

charge of his affairs, and if the notice is served upon the

occupier a copy thereof shall be served upon the owner,

or if it is served upon the owner a copy thereof shall be

served upon the occupier of the land.

11 . In this Act, unless the context otherwise Interpreta

requires, the following expressions have the meanings tion.

hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" Building " includes any erection of whatsoever

material and in whatsoever manner constructed,

and any part of a building;

"Common, open space and allotment" have the

meanings respectively assigned to them by the

Development and Road Improvement Funds

Act, 1909;

" Fence " includes any hoarding or paling;

"Hedge" includes any tree or shrub, whether

forming part of a hedge or not;

" Local authority for the district" means as respects

land within the administrative Coimty of

London, the Common Council of the City of

London, or a metropolitan borough council, as

the case may require, and as respects any other

land, the district council:

"New building " includes any addition to an existing

building;

" Owner " has the same meaning as in the Public

Health Acts, 1875 to 1907;

" Road " includes any bridge, viaduct, subway,

road, ferry and footway;

" Wall " includes any partition of whatsoever

material constructed, and any bank.

12. In the application of this Act to Scotland— Application

to Scotland.

(a) a reference to the Scottish Board of Health

shall be substituted for any reference to the Minister of Health, and a reference to the

Town Planning (Scotland) Act, 1925, shall be 15 Geo. 5.

substituted for any reference to the Town 1'^-

Planning Act, 1925;

1468 Ch. 68. Roads Improvement 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(6) The expression "highway authority " shall

mean a county council or a district committee in a county divided into districts, or

a town council charged with the management

and maintenance of the highways in the

burgh;

(c) The expression "county court" shall mean

sheriff court;

(d) Subsection (3) of section one shall not apply

as regards any highway authority, but the

powers conferred by that section shall

not be exercised by any county council,

district committee, or town council in any

highway or in any land forming part thereof

unless the county council, district committee,

or the town council of the county, district or

burgh in which such highway is situated is

charged with the management and maintenance thereof;

(e) paragraph (ii) of the proviso to subsection (1)

of section four, and paragraph (&) of the

proviso to subsection (1) of section five shall

not apply, but a notice restraining the erection of any building on land situated within

a burgh the town council of which is not

charged with the management and maintenance of the highways therein, shall not be

served without the consent of such town

council, and a building line affecting land

within any such burgh shall not be prescribed by a county council or by a district

committee without the consent of the town

council of such burgh.

Short title 13.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Roads

and extent. Improvement Act, 1925.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1925.

Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1925. Ch. 69.

1469

CHAPTER 69.

An Act to amend subsection (3) of section one

and subsection (2) of section three of the Unemployment Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1924, to

amend the law with respect to the period on

the expiration of which benefit under the Acts

relating to unemployment insurance becomes

payable and with respect to the rates of contribution under the said Acts, and to continue

the saving contained in subsection (1) of

section eleven of the Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1923.

[7th August 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Subsection (3) of section one of the Unemploy- Amendment

ment Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1924 (which gives a right to of s. 1 (3) of

receive benefit to persons who otherwise would not be Unemploy-

entitled thereto), shall have effect as if for the words

" he shall nevertheless be entitled to receive benefit "

there were substituted the words "the Minister may, if, 1924 . ’

having regard to all the circumstances of the case, he 14 & I 5

considers it expedient in the public interest so to do, Gteo- 5. c. 30.

authorise that person to receive benefit."

2. Subsection (2) of section three of the Unem- Amendment

ployment Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1924 (which provides as to

that during the period between the commencement of statutory

that Act and the first day of October, m’neteen hundred conditions,

and twenty-five, a person is to be entitled to receive

benefit, if the Minister thinks fit so to direct, notwithstanding that the first statutory condition may not have

been fulfilled in his case), shall have effect as though

the thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-

seven, were therein substituted for the first day of

October, nineteen hundred and twenty-five.

1470

Ch. 69.

Amendment

as to

waiting

period.

Rates of

contribution.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 15.

Unemployment Insurance 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

3. Paragraph 1 of Part I. of the First Schedule to the Unemployment Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1924 (which

provides that benefit shall be payable in respetet of each

week after the first three days of a continuous period of

unemployment), shall from the first day of October,

nineteen hundred and twenty-five, have effect as if the

words " the first week" were therein substituted for the

words " the first three days."

4. —(1) The following provisions shall have effect

with respect to the contributions payable under the

Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1924, in respect

of employed persons:—

(a) As from and after the fourth day of January,

nineteen hundred and twnnty-six, and thereafter

during the remainder of the deficiency period as

defined in section sixteen of the Unemployment

Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1921, and during a further

period thereafter ending on such date as the Minister may by order prescribe, not being a

date later than the first day of the insurance year

commencing next after the end of the aforesaid

deficiency period (the aggregate of which two

periods is in this section referred to as "the

extended period"), the contributions payable

as aforesaid by employed persons and their

employers shall be at the respective rates set

out in the First Schedule to this Act:

(b) As from and after the fifth day of April,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, until the

expiration of the extended period, the contribution payable as aforesaid out of moneys

provided by Parliament shall be a contribution of such an amount as may be determined by the Treasury to be approximately

equivalent, having regard to the estimated

proportions in which contributions are payable

in respect of men, women, boys and girls,

to the sum which would be produced by

weekly contributions paid in respect of insured

and exempt persons as respects the period

beginning on the said fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, and ending on

the first day of January, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight, or on the date of the expiration of

1925.

Unemfloyment Insurance

Act, 1925. Ch. 69.

1471

the extended period, whichever date is the

earher, at the respective rates set out in

Part I. of the Second Schedule to this Act, and,

if the extended period does not expire on or

before the first day of January, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight, then, as respects the

period beginning on the second day of January,

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, and ending

on the date of the expiration of the extended

period, at the respective rates set out in Part II.

of the Second Schedule to this Act:

(c) If at the end of the first quarter of the year

nineteen hundred and twenty-six or at the

end of any subsequent quarter of any year

the Minister, with the concurrence of the

Treasury, declares that the average of the

amounts of the advances made by the

Treasury to the unemployment fund (in

this section referred to as "advances") outstanding on the last day of each week in the

quarter together with the interest accrued

up to the said last day in respect of advances

exceeds the amount of the advances outstanding on the thirty-first day of December,

nineteen hundred and twenty-five, together

with interest accrued up to the said thirty-

first day in respect of advances (which last-

mentioned amount together with the accrued

interest is hereinafter referred to as "the

1925 debt "), the rates of the contributions

payable out of moneys provided by Parliament shall be deemed to have been increased

in respect of that quarter, in the case of an

employed person being a man by one penny,

and in any other case by one halfpenny:

(d) If at any time during the extended period the

amount of the outstanding advances together

with interest accrued thereon does not exceed

the amount of the 1925 debt, and the Minister is of opinion, and the Treasury

concur therein, that, having regard to all the

circumstances of the case, the amount of the

advances which will at any time during the

next succeeding insurance year be outstanding

1472

Ch. 69.

10 & 11

Geo. 5.C.30.

13 Geo. 5.

c. 2.

Saving,

repeal,

application,

short title

and com>

mencement.

Unemployment Insurance 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

together with interest accrued thereon is not

likely to exceed the amount of the 1925 debt,

the Minister may, in respect of contributions

payable for that next succeeding insurance

year, by regulations reduce the rate of the

contribution payable by the employer by

one penny in the case of the contribution

payable in respect of a man or a woman

and by one halfpenny in the case of the

contribution payable in respect of any other

person.

Where it is necessary to ascertain any amount for

the piu'poses of the foregoing paragraphs (c) and (d), that

amount shall be ascertained by the Minister in consultation with the Treasury. An order made under paragraph (a) of this subsection shall be laid before both

Houses of Parliament in the same manner as regulations

made under the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920,

and subsection (3) of section thirty-five of that Act

shall apply accordingly.

(2) After the end of the extended period the contribution to be made for the purposes of section five of the

principal Act out of moneys provided by Parliament

shall be at a rate equal to three-sevenths of the aggregate

amount of the contributions paid in respect of the

employed person by MmseK and his employer, or, in the

case of an exempt person, paid by his employer, and

subsections (3) and (7) of the said section five shall have

effect accordingly, and the contributions payable by

employed persons and their employers shall be at rates

to be prescribed under subsection (2) of section four of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1923, as if the date

prescribed under this section were the date prescribed

under that section.

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect the provisions

of sections fifteen and sixteen of the Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1920 (which provide respectively for

securing the solvency of the unemployment fxmd and for

a periodical revision of the rates of contribution).

5.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in any Act, it

shall not be necessary for the Minister at any time

before the first day of July, nineteen hundred and

twenty-six, to require any association to make for the

1925.

Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1925. Ch. 69.

1473

purposes of proviso (a) to subsection (1) of section

seventeen of the principal Act, any greater provision

for unemployment benefit than would have been

required to be made for those purposes under that

Act as originally enacted.

(2) This Act does not apply to Northern Ireland.

(3) The enactments set out in the Third Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned

in the third column of that Schedule as from the dates

on which the corresponding provisions of this Act

respectively come into operation.

(4) This Act may be cited as the Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1925, and shall be construed as one with

the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1924, and

those Acts and this Act may be cited together as the

Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1925, and any

reference in this Act to the Unemployment Insurance

Acts, 1920 to 1924, or to any of those Acts, shall, unless

the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to those Acts, that Act, or that provision, as

amended by this Act.

(5) This Act shall, except as therein otherwise

expresslj’’ provided, come into operation on the second

Thursday next after the passing thereof.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Rates of Contributions by Employed Persons

AND Employers.

Ordinary Rates.

From the employed person for each week; —

s. d.

In the case of men - -, - - 7

In the case of women - - . _ . 6

From the employer for each week

In the case of employed persons being

men 8

In the case of employed persons being

women - -- -- -- 7

5 A

Section 4.

1474

Ch. 69.

1st Sch,

— emit.

Section 4.

Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Rates in the case of Persons under eighteen.

From the employed person for each week: — " s. d.

In the case of boys - - .

In the case of girls - - 3

From the employer for each week :—

In the case of employed persons being boys - 4

In the case of employed persons being girls - 3|

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Rates of Contributions out of Moneys provided

BY Paruiament.

Part I.

Dubing the Extended Period, or, if the Extended

Period does not expire on or before 1st January 1928,

DURING THE PERIOD ENDING ON THAT DaTB.

Ordinary Rates.

s. d.

For every contribution paid in respect of a man - 8

For every contribution paid in respect of a woman 6

Rates in the case of Persons under eighteen.

For every contribution paid in respect of a boy - 4|

For every contribution paid in respect of a girl 4f

Rates in the case of exempt Persons.

For every contribution paid in re^ct of a man - 2|

For every contribution paid in respect of a woman 2 J

For every contribution paid in respect of a boy - 1|

For every contribution paid in respect of a girl - li

1925.

Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1925. Ch. 69.

1475

Part II. 2nd Sch.

— cont.

Dtjbing sVch Time as the Extended Period continues

AFTER 1st January 1928.

Ordinary Rates.

8. d.

For every contribution paid in respect of a man - 7

For every contribution paid in respect of a woman 5

Rates in the case of Persons under eighteen.

For every contribution paid in respect of a boy -

For every contribution paid in respect of a girl - ,

Rates in the case of exempt Persons.

For every contribution paid in respect of a man - 2

For every contribution paid in respect of a woman If

For every contribution paid in respect of a boy - 1

For every contribution paid in respect of a girl - |

THIRD SCHEDULE. Section 6.

Enactments repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

12 & 13 Geo. 5.

c. 7.

The Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1922.

Section two and the

First Schedule.

13 & 14 Geo. 5.

c. 2.

i

The Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1923.

In subsection (2) of

section four the

words from " and

" the contribu-

" tion to be

" made ’’ to the

end of the sub-

section, and subsection (1) of section eleven.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

c. 30.

The Unemployment Insurance

(No. 2) Act, 1924.

Section five.

5 A 2

1476 Ch. 70. Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

CHAPTER 70.

An Act to make provision for pensions for widows,

orphans, and persons between the ages of sixty-

five and seventy, and for the payment of contributions in respect thereof; and to amend the

enactments relating to health and unemployment

insurance and old age pensions.

[7th August 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Contributory pensions for

widows,

orphans,

and persons

between the

ages of 65

and 70.

Contributory Pensions.

1. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act

relating to the payment of contributions (including payments out of moneys provided by Parliament) and

otherwise, pensions shall be payable as follows, that is

to say—

(a) to the widow of an insured man a pension at the

rate of ten shiUmgs per week, with an additional

allowance in respect of children while under the

age hereinafter specified, at the rate of five

shillings per week for the eldest or only such

child, and three shillings per week for each

other such child (in this Act called a " widow’s

pension ");

(b) in respect of the orphan children while under

the age hereinafter specified of an insured man

or of an insured widow, a pension at the rate

of seven shillings and sixpence per week for

each such child (in this Act called an " orphan’s

pension ");

(c) to an insured man or an insured woman who

has attained the age of sixty-five but has not

attained the age of seventy, and to the wife of

an insured man who has attained the age of

sixty-five (such wife having attained the age

of sixty-five but not having attained the age

1925. Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70. 1477

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

of seventy) a pension at the rate of ten shillings

per week (in this Act called an " old age

pdhsion ").

(2) The specified age in relation to any child shall

be the age of fourteen or the age not exceeding sixteen

up to which the child remains under full-time instruction

in a day school.

(3) By way of contribution towards the cost of

carrying this Act into effect there shall be paid such

contributions as are hereinafter in this Act provided.

2. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise Meaning of

requires, the expression "insured" means insured under " insured."

the National Health Insurance Act, 1924 (in this Act '*'3

referred to as the Insurance Act) or the Acts repealed by

that Act, and in relation to any person who is deemed

to be insured for the purposes of this Act, includes such

a person; and the expression "insurance" in relation

to a person so deemed to be insured shall be construed

accordingly.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, but not for any

other purpose, a person insured under the Insurance

Act shall be deemed to continue to be so insured during

any period during which he is by virtue of subsection (4)

of section twelve of the Insurance Act entitled to medical

benefit.

(3) An exempt person and a person engaged in an

excepted employment shall be deemed to be insured for

the purposes of this Act in the circumstances and to the

extent mentioned in this Act.

Widows and Orphans Pensions.

3. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Widows

widow of a person who dies after the commencement of pensions,

this Act and who is insured at the date of his death

but has not attained the age of seventy before the

commencement of this Act shall, if the statutory conditions hereinafter mentioned are complied with, be entitled

to a widow’s pension:

Provided that the widow of a man who had attained

the age of sixty at the date of the marriage shall not, if

the marriage takes place after the twenty-ninth day of

1478

Orphans

pensions.

Ch. 70. Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

April, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, be entitled to

a widow’s pension imless either—

(a) there are or have been one or more children of the marriage; or

(b) at the date of the death of her husband three

years or more have elapsed since the date of the marriage; or

(c) she was immediately before the marriage in

receipt of a widow’s pension.

(2) A widow’s pension shall continue to be payable

until the widow attains the age of seventy unless she

re-marries before attaining that age, in which case

the pension shall cease.

(3) An additional allowance shall, subject as hereinafter provided, be paid to the widow together with and

as part of the pension:

Provided that, if for any reason other than the

death of the widow, the widow’s pension ceases to be

payable before the expiration of the time during which

an additional allowance is payable, such cesser shall not

affect the continuance of the additional allowance.

4.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, an

orphan’s pension shall, if the statutory conditions hereinafter mentioned are complied with, be payable in respect

of the orphan child-

(a) of a man who, being a married man or a widower,

dies after the commencement of this Act and

is insured 4t the date of his death and has not

attained the age of seventy before the commencement of this Act;

(b) of a widow who dies after the commencement of this Act and is insured at the date of her

death.

(2) Where an additional allowance is payable in

respect of a child and the widow who was entitled to the widow’s pension as part of which the additional

allowance was or had been payable dies, an orphan’s

pension shall be payable in respect of the child; and

where the wife of a man has predeceased him, and, if

she had survived him and died immediately after she

had become entitled to a widow’s pension, an orphan’s

pension would under the foregoing provision of this

subsection have been payable in respect of any child.

1925. Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

an orphan’s pension shall on the death of the man he

payable in respect of that child.

(3) An orphan’s pension shall, subject as hereinaftet '

provided, be payable to the guardian or other person

having the charge of the child.

5. The statutory conditions to be complied with in Statutory

the case of a person in respect of whose insurance a condition

widow’s pension or an orphan’s pension is payable are—

X- i- r j widows and

(a) that one himdred and four weeks have elapsed orphans

and one himdred and four contributions have pensions,

been paid by or in respect of that person since

the date of his entry into insurance; and

(b) where two hundred and eight weeks or more

have elapsed since the date of the entry of that

person into insurance, that the number of

contributions paid, or deemed in accordance

with regulations under this Act to have been

paid, by or in respect of him for the three

contribution years immediately prior to his

death, or to the date on which contributions

under the Insurance Act ceased to be payable

by or in respect of him by reason of his age,

as the case may be, represents on the average

not less than twenty-six contributions calculated

in the prescribed manner in respect of each of

those three years.

6 . —(1) Where by order of any court any child in Special prorespect of whom an additional allowance is payable under visioiw as to

this Act is or has before the commencement of this Act s-dditional

been removed from the custody of the person to whom orphans

the allowance is or wordd be payable, an orphan’s pension pensions,

shall be substituted for the additional allowance and

shall be paid to the person in whose charge the child is

or has been placed, or in such other manner as may

from time to time be directed by order of the court.

(2) Where a representation is made to the Minister

by the local authority or otherwise—

(a) with reference to an additional allowance payable

in respect of a child, that the widow or other

person to whom the additional allowance is payable has deserted or abandoned or ceased to

1480 Ch. 70. Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

support the child, or has become disqualified for

the time being from receiving a widow’s pension,

and that it would be in the interests of^ the child

that the additional allowance should be administered by the local authority or some other

person for the benefit of the child;

(&) with reference to an orphan’s pension payable

in respect of a child, that it would be in the

interests of the child that it should be administered by the local authority or some other

person for the benefit of the child;

the Minister, if satisfied that the allegations of the representation are true, and that it would be in the interests of the child so to do, may direct that the additional

allowance or orphan’s pension shall be paid to the person

having the charge of the child or to any other person

approved by the Minister or to the local authority, to be

administered by such person or by the local authority

for the benefit of the child:

Provided that, where the widow or other person to

whom the additional allowance or orphan’s pension is

payable has not had an opportunity of presenting her

case personally, or through some person appointed by

her, to the local authority or a person appointed for the

purpose by the local authority, the Minister (except

where the "widow or other person cannot be found, or is

in prison, or in an asylum or other similar institution)

shall, before gi’ring any such direction, give the widow

or such other person as aforesaid an opportunity of so

presenting her case to a person appointed by him.

(3) Where the Minister is satisfied, on the application

of a woman in receipt of an additional allowance as part

of a widow’s pension, or of any other person having the

charge of a child in respect of whom an additional

allowance or orphan’s pension is payable, that the child

is or is about to be placed in the temporary custody of

some other person and that the additional allowance or

orphan’s pension should be paid to that other person so

long as such temporary custody continues, he may direct

that the additional allowance or orphan’s pension shall

be paid accordingly, subject to such terms and conditions as he may think fit to impose.

1925.

Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

1481

Old Age Pensions.

7. —(1) As from the appointed day the following Old age

provisions*shall have effect, that is to say, subject to the pensions,

provisions of this Act, a person shall, if the statutory

conditions hereinafter mentioned are comphed with, be

entitled to an old age pension—

(a) if he or she has before the appointed day

attained the age of sixty-five and not attained

the age of seventy, and was an insured person

at that date; or

(6) if he or she attains the age of sixty-five after

the appointed day, and is at the time of

attaining that age an insured person; or

(c) if, being a woman, who has attained the age of

sixty-five but has not attained the age of

seventy, she is the wife of a man who is

an insured person and who is or has been

entitled to an old age pension by virtue of

paragraph (a) or (6) of this subsection:

Provided that the wife of a man who had attained

the age of sixty at the date of the marriage shall not, if

the maiTiage takes place after the twenty-ninth day of

April, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, be entitled to

an old age pension under paragraph (c) of this subsection

unless she was immediately before the marriage in

receipt of a widow’s pension, or unless or until three years

have elapsed since the date of the marriage.

(2) An old age pension shall continue payable until

the person entitled thereto attains the age of seventy

years, unless, being a woman, she before attaining that

age becomes entitled to a widow’s pension.

8 . The statutory conditions to be comphed with Statutory

in the case of a person in respect of whose insurance an conditions

old age pension is payable are— " to old age

(a) that the person was continuously insured for

a period of not less than five years immediately

prior to the date on which he attained the

age of sixty-five, or immediately prior to the

appointed day in the case of a person who

attained that age before the appointed day;

and

(b) that one hundred and four contributions have

been paid by or in respect of him since the date

of his entry into insurance; and

1482

Ch. 70. Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

(c) that the number of contributions paid, or deemed

in accordance with regulations under this Act

to have been paid, by or in respect af him for

the three contribution years immediately prior

to the date on which he attained the age of

sixty-five, represents on the average not less

than thii-ty-nine contributions calculated in the

prescribed manner in respect of each of those

three years:

Provided that—

(i) Where the period for which a person has

been continuously insured immediately prior to the date on which he attained the age of sixty-five,

or to the appointed day, if he attained that age

before the appointed day, is less than five years,

the foregoing conditions shall apply with the

substitution of a reference to the expiration of the period of five years from the date of his

entry into insurance for the reference to the date

on which he attained the age of sixty-five, or the

appointed day, as the case may be;

(ii) In the case of a person who has before the

appointed day attained the age of sixty-five and

is not a person to whom the foregoing proviso

applies, condition (c) shall apply, with the substitution of a reference to the two contribution

years immediately prior to the second day of

January, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, for

the reference to the three contribution years

immediately prior to the date on which he

attained the age of sixty-five;

(iii) Where a person on attaining the age of

sixty in the case of a man, or fifty-five in the case

of a woman, had been continuously insured for a

period of ten years or since the fifteenth day of

July, nineteen hundred and twelve, whichever

period is the shorter, condition (c) shall, if he or

she so elects, apply as if, for the reference to

thirty-nine contributions, there were substituted a

reference to twenty-six contributions, but in such

case the regulations shall not provide, that the

contributions shall for the purposes of that

condition be deemed to have been paid in

respect of any period of unemployment except

1925. Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70. 1483

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

unemployment owing to incapacity for work due

to some specific disease or some bodily or mental

disablement.

Contributions and Financial Provisions.

9.—(1) For the purpose of making provision towards Rates of the cost of pensions payable under this Act, contributions contribu-

imder this Act shall, until varied in manner hereinafter

provided, be payable at the following rates, that is to say—

(i) by or in respect of every person insured under

the Insurance Act who has not attained the age

of sixty-five, whether an employed contributor

or a voluntary contributor, at the rates specified

in Part I. of the First Schedule to this Act

(which rates are hereinafter referred to as the

ordinary rates of contribution);

(ii) in respect of every person employed within the

meaning of the Insurance Act who has attained

the age of sixty-five, at the rates specified in

Part II. of the First Schedule to this Act (being

the rates of contributions payable by the employer in respect of employed persons under the

Insurance Act and paragraph (i) of this subsection combined);

(iii) in respect of every exempt person within the

meaning of the Insurance Act who has not

attained the age of sixty-five, at the rates

specified in Part III. of the First Schedule to

this Act;

(iv) in respect of every person who is employed in an

employment which is an excepted employment

by virtue of a certificate given under paragraph

(b) or (c) of Part II. of the First Schedule to the

Insurance Act, and who has not attained the

age of sixty-five, at the ordinary rates:

Provided that—

(a) until the appointed day, the foregoing

provisions of this subsection, other than paragraph (ii), shall have effect as if for references

to the age of sixty-five there were substituted

references to the age of seventy, and until that

date paragraph (ii) shall not apply;

(b) where the Minister certifies as respects any

such excepted employment as is mentioned in

1484 Ch. 70. Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

paragraph (iv) of this subsection that provision is

made by means of a superannuation fund established by Act of Parliament, or by meads of any

other statutory enactment, or by other means

approved by the Minister, for securing in respect

of men employed therein and of their widows

and children, or in respect of women employed

. therein and of their children, benefits on the

whole not less favourable than aU the benefits

conferred by this Act, no contribution shall be

payable under this Act in respect of such men or

such women as the case may be; and

(c) where the Minister is satisfied as respects

any such excepted employment as is mentioned

in paragraph (iv) of tMs subsection that provision is made as aforesaid for securing benefits in

respect of men employed therein on the whole not

less favourable than the benefits by way of old

age pensions conferred by this Act on men and

their wives, or benefits in respect of women

employed therein on the whole not less favourable

than the benefits by way of old age pensions

conferred by this Act on women, the contributions

payable in respect of such men or such women, as

the case may be, shall be at the rates specified in

Part IV. of the First Schedule to this Act.

(2) Where the Minister is satisfied that employment by any statutory undertakers, that is to say,

persons authorised by Parliament to construct, work, or

carry on any railway, canal, dock, harbour, tramway, gas,

electricity, water, or other undertaking of public utility

is, having regard to the normal practice of the employer,

employment which is permanent in character, and that

the persons engaged in that employment are entitled to

rights in a superannuation fund approved by the Minister, and that the terms of the employment (mcluding

those rights) are such as to secure to the persons so

engaged benefits on the whole not less favourable than

the benefits (other than additional benefits but including

medical benefit) conferred by the Insurance Act, the Minister may give a certificate to that effect, and thereupon, subject to such conditions as may be prescribed—

(a) The employment shall be treated for the purposes

of this Act as if it were an excepted employment

1925. Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70. 1485

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

mentioned in paragraph (iv) of subsection (1)

of this section; and

(&) The employment shall for the purposes of the

Insurance Act be treated as an excepted employment within the meaning of that Act,

subject to this qualification, that where employed persons affected by this subsection are

members of an approved society connected with

the undertaking such financial arrangements

between the society, the reserve suspense fund,

and such superannuation fund as aforesaid as

may be provided by a scheme approved by the

National Health Insurance Joint Committee

shall be carried into effect:

Provided that the Minister shall not give a certificate

unless he is satisfied that, if the certificate is given,

proviso (6) or proviso (c) to subsection (1) of this section

would apply to the case.

(3) Where the contributions are payable in respect of

an employed person they shall be payable partly by the

employer and partly by the employed person, or wholly

by the employer, as provided in the Part of the First

Schedule to this Act applicable to the case, and where

the contributions are payable by a voluntary contributor they shall be paid wholly by him.

10.—(1) The contributions by or in respect of an Collection

insured person and in respect of an exempt person payable of contribu-

under this Act and under the Insurance Act shall be paid

as one contribution under the Insurance Act, and (subject

to such modifications and adaptations as may be prescribed) the contributions payable under this Act in

respect of a person in an excepted employment or

of a person who has attained the age of sixty-five

shall be paid as if they were contributions under the

Insurance Act, and (subject as aforesaid) all statutory

provisions relating to the payment and collection of contributions under the Insurance Act, including (but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing enactment) the provisions with respect to offences and civil

proceedings in relation to contributions, with respect to

priority of the claims for contributions, and with respect

to the powers of inspectors, and the provisions of section

thirty-one of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920, lO&li

shall have effect accordingly. Geo. 6. c. 30.

1486

Financial

provisions.

Ch. 70. Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

(2) Save as otherwise expressly provided by this Act, all sums collected on account of contributions under

this Act shall be carried to the pensions account hereinafter constituted.

11.—(1) For the purposes of this Act, there shall be

opened, in accordance with directions of the Treasury,

an account to be called the pensions account, to which

shall be carried aU contributions under this Act, and out

of which shall be met all pensions (including additional

allowances) which are payable under this Act:

Provided that an old age pension under the Old Age

Pensions Acts, 1908 to 1924, which is payable by virtue

of this Act shall not for the purposes of this section be

deemed to be a pension payable under this Act but shall

be payable out of moneys provided by Parliament in

manner provided by those Acts.

(2) Any sums standing to the credit of the pensions

account which are not required to meet expenditure shall

from time to time be paid over to the Treasury and by

them credited to an account to be called the treasury

pensions account.

(3) There shall also be paid out of moneys provided

by Parliament into the treasmy pensions account for

the year ending the thirty-first day of March, nineteen

hundred and twenty-seven, and for each of the next

nine succeeding years the sum of four million pounds, and

thereafter such sums as Parliament may determine.

(4) Any sums standing to the credit of the treasury

pensions account may from time to time be invested in

such manner as the Treasury may direct, and any

interest received from such investments shall be credited

to that account.

(5) If at any time it is shown to the Treasury that

the sums in the pensions account are insufficient to meet

the liabilities to be met thereout, the Treasury may out

of the treasury pensions account issue to the pensions

account any sums required for the purpose of discharging those liabilities.

(6) The pensions account and the treasury pensions

account shall be annually examined by the Comptroller

and Auditor General, and shall, together with his report

thereon, be laid annually before Parliament.

1925. Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70. ' 1487

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

12. Any expenses incurred in the administration Adminis-

of this Act, to such extent as may be sanctioned by fcrative

the Treasury, shall be paid out of moneys provided by expenses.

Parliament:

Provided that such sums as the Treasury may direct

shall be paid from the pensions account and shall, in

accordance with regulations made by the Treasury, be

applied as an appropriation in aid of the moneys provided

by Parliament for such expenses.

Special Classes of Insured Persons.

13. —(1) Any person, other than a married woman. Voluntary

who, having been at any time continuously insured, eontri.

whether as an employed contributor or as a voluntary tutors,

contributor, for a period of one hundred and four weeks,

and having had one hundred and four contributions paid

by or in respect of him, has ceased to be an insured

person before the commencement of this Act may, on

giving notice in that behalf within the prescribed time

and in the prescribed manner, become a voluntary

contributor under the Insurance Act.

(2) Any person who is at the commencement of this Act insured as a voluntary contributor, unless before

the prescribed date and in the prescribed manner he gives

notice to the contrary, shall cease as from that date

to be entitled to pay contributions as a volun^ry

contributor, and as from that date shall be deemed not

to be an insured person for the purposes of this Act:

Provided that, in the case of a person who by vii’tue

of this subsection ceases to be entitled to pay contributions as a voluntary contributor, subsections (2) and (3)

of section three of the Insiuance Act shall have effect as

if twenty-four months were therein substituted for twelve

months.

(3) Where an exempt person ceases or has ceased f, o

be employed within the meaning of the Insurance Act,

or where a person employed in an excepted employment

ceases or has ceased to be so employed, he may, in the

circumstances and subject to the provisions hereinafter

contained, become a voluntary contributor under the

Insurance Act.

(4) Where an uninsured man marries an insured

woman by or in respect of whom one hundred and four

contributions have been paid under this Act, he may if he

1488

Ch. 70.

Exempt

persons.

Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

gives notice within the prescribed time after the marriage

and in the prescribed manner become a voluntary contributor under the Insurance Act.

(5) Where the number of contributions calculated

in the prescribed manner paid, or deemed in accordance

with regulations under this Act to have been paid, for

any contribution year (whether paid within that year or

within such period after the expiration of that year as

may be prescribed) by a person insured as a voluntary

contributor is less than thirty-nine, or where the number

of such contributions so paid or deemed to have been

paid for any two consecutive contribution years represents

on the average less than forty-five contributions in

respect of each of those years, that person shall, as

from the expiration of the prescribed period, cease to be

entitled to pay contributions as a voluntary contributor,

and as from that date shall be deemed not to be insured

for the purposes of this Act:

Provided that, where a person had on attaining the

age of sixty m the case of a man, or fifty-five in the case

of a woman, been continuously insured for a period of

ten years, or since the fifteenth day of July, nineteen

hundred and twelve (whichever period is the shorter),

this subsection shall apply as if for references to thirty-

nine contributions and forty-five contributions there were

respectively substituted references to twenty contributions and twenty-six contributions.

For the purposes of this subsection, " contribution

year" means a contribution year terminating after the

commencement of this Act.

(6) Where a person is in receipt of a pension payable

by the Minister of Pensions, the Minister of Pensions

may, with the consent of the pensioner, notwithstanding

an^hing in any Act, Royal Warrant, Order in Council, or

order, pay any contributions payable by the pensioner as

a voluntary contributor, and deduct the amount so paid

on his behalf from the pension payable to him.

14.-(1) Contributions under this Act shall be

payable in respect of every exempt person within the

meaning of the Insurance Act.

(2) Every exempt person, being a man, shall, for

the purposes of this Act relating to widows’ pensions

and orphans’ pensions, but not for any other purpose.

1925.

Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

1489

be deemed to be an insured person, and shall for those

purposes, but not for any, other purpose, be deemed to

continue to be so insured during any period during which

he may by virtue of section twelve of the Insurance Act

be entitled to medical benefit.

(3) Where before the commencement of this Act

contributions under the Insurance Act or any Act

repealed thereby have been paid in respect of an exempt

person, then, for such of the purposes of this Act as may

be prescribed, such contributions shall be treated as if

they were contributions in respect of the insurance of

that person, and any period during which that person was

an exempt person or entitled to medical benefit shall be

treated as a period of insurance.

(4) Where an exempt person by whom a certificate

of exemption is surrendered is at the date of the

surrender of the age of forty-five or upwards, the provisions of this Act relating to old age pensions thereunder

shall apply in the case of that person with such modifications as may be prescribed.

(5) Where any exempt person, being a man in respect

of whom not less than one hundred and four contributions

have been paid, ceases, or has before the commencement of this Act ceased, to be employed in an employment within the meaning of the Insurance Act, he may,

on giving notice in that behalf within the prescribed

time and in the prescribed manner, become a voluntary

contributor under the Insurance Act:

Provided that, if at the date of so becoming a

voluntary contributor such person is of the age of forty-

five or upwards, the provisions of this Act relating to old

age pensions thereunder shall apply in the case of that

person with such modifications as may be prescribed.

15.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act,

contributions under this Act shall be payable in respect

of persons employed in an employment which is an

excepted employment to which paragraph (iv) of subsection (1) of section nine of this Act apphes.

(2) For the purposes of this Act persons employed

in any such excepted emplo 3 ntnent as aforesaid in respect

of whom contributions are paid under this Act shall be

deemed to be insured as follows; —

(a) men in respect of whom contributions are so payable at the ordinary rates shall be deemed to

5 B

Persons

employed in

excepted

employ-

njents.

1490

Ch. 70. Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

be insured for the purposes of this Act relating

to widows’ pensions, orphans’ pensions, and old

age pensions; •

(6) women in respect of whom contributions are so

payable at the ordinary rates shall be deemed

to be insured for the purposes of this Act

relating to orphans’ pensions and old age

pensions;

(c) men in respect of whom contributions are so

payable at the rates mentioned in Part IV. of the First Schedule to this Act shall be deemed

to be insured for the purposes of this Act

relating to widows’ pensions and orphans ’

pensions;

(d) women in respect of whom contributions are so

payable at the rates mentioned in Part IV. of the First Schedule to this Act shall be deemed

to be insured for the purposes of this Act

relating to orphans’ pensions.

(3) The provisions of the Insurance Act relating to the continuous insurance of persons ceasing to be

employed shall, for the purposes of this Act, apply,

subject to such modifications as may be prescribed, to

persons who under this section are deemed to be insured,

and where such a person as aforesaid is the person in

respect of whose insurance a widows’ or orphans’ pension

is payable, of the statutory conditions to be complied

with, condition (6) shall not apply.

(4) Where at or within the prescribed period before

the commencement of this Act a person is or was

employed in an excepted employment to which this

section applies, then, for such of the purposes of this Act as may be prescribed, contributions shall be deemed

to have been paid in respect of him for each week

before the commencement of this Act during which he

was continuously so employed, and every such week

shall be deemed to be a week which has elapsed since

the date of his entry into insurance.

(5) Where any person who has been employed in an

excepted employment to which this section applies (not

being a married woman or a person in respect of whom

no contributions under this Act were, or would had he

continued to be so employed after the commencement

of this Act have been, payable whilst he was so employed)

ceases or has before the commencement of this Act ceased

1925.

Widows' Orphans* and Ch. 70.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

1491

to be so employed, he may, subject to the prescribed

conditions, become a voluntary contributor under the

Insurance Act.

(6) Where a person is employed in an employment

which is an excepted employment by virtue of paragraph (h) of Part II. of the First Schedule to the

Insurance Act (which relates to employment otherwise

than by way of manual labour and at a rate of

remuneration exceeding in value two himdred and fifty

pounds a year), he shall, for the purposes of this Act,

be treated as employed in an employment which is an

excepted employment by virtue of that paragraph and

not in an employment which is an excepted employment

by virtue of a certificate given under any other paragraph

of the same Part of the same Schedule, notwithstanding

that the employment in which he is engaged is an employment which is an excepted employment also by virtue

of such a certificate, and his employment shall not be

deemed to be an excepted employment to which this

section applies.

(7) Where a person who has been employed in an

excepted employment to which this section applies has,

on retirement from such employment whether before or

after the commencement of this Act, been granted a

superannuation allowance, then—

(a) if he was a person in respect of whom no contributions were, or would had he continued to

be so employed after the commencement of this Act have been, payable under this Act whilst

he was so employed, he shall not be capable of

becoming an insured person for the purposes of this Act or of the Insurance Act or of the

Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1924,

and shall not be entitled to any benefits under

any of those Acts, but for the purpose of the

provisions of those Acts relating to contributions, he shall as from the appointed day be

treated as if he were a person who had attained

the age of sixty-five;

(b) if he was a person in respect of whom contributions were, or would had he continued to

be so employed after the commencement of this Act have been, payable under this Act at the

rates mentioned in Part IV. of the First Schedule

to this Act, the provisions of this Act relating

5B 2

1492

1 & 2 Geo. 5,

c. 55.

Application

of Act to

persons in

service of

Crown.

Ch. 70. Widows' Orphans' and 16 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

to old age pensions payable thereunder, or by

virtue thereof, shall apply in the case of that

person in such circumstances only, and subject

to such modifications as may be prescribed:

Provided that, where a person to whom paragraph

(a) would apply is a person who at the commencement

of this Act was an insured or exempt person, he shall

be treated as if he were a person to whom paragraph (a)

did not, but paragraph (&) did, apply.

Where a person has been employed in an employment which would have been an excepted emplojnnent

to which this section applies had the rate of his remuneration not exceeded two hundred and fifty pounds a year,

this subsection shall apply to him in manner provided

in the Second Schedule to this Act.

(8) Section eighty-nine of the Insurance Act (which

provides for the determination by the Minister of questions

relating to employment) shall apply for the purposes

of this Act to any question whether any employment

or class of employment is an excepted employment,

or any particular class of excepted employment, to

which this section applies, or whether a person was

or is a person employed in such an excepted employment, and to any question as to who is or was the

employer of a person employed in any such excepted

employment, in like mhnner as if the question related to

an employment within the meaning of the Insmance Act.

(9) This section shall, so far as it applies to any

period whilst Parti, of the National Insurance Act, 1911,

was in force, have effect as if for references to a particular

paragraph of Part II. of the Pirst Schedule to the

Insmance Act there were substituted references to the

corresponding paragraph of Part II. of the First

Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1911; and

shall, so far as it applies to any period before the

thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and nineteen,

have effect as if for references to two hundred and fifty

pounds a year there were substituted references to one

hundred and sixty poiuids a year.

16.—(1) The provisions of this Act shall apply to

persons in the service of the Oown in the same manner

and to the same extent as the Insurance Act.

(2) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by

Parliament for Navy, Army and Air Force services by

1925. Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70. 1493

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

the Admiralty, Army Coimcil and Air Council respectively

in respect of every seaman, marine, soldier or airman, for

each contribution week or part of a contribution week

for which he receives pay, a contribution for the purposes

of this Act at the ordinary rate.

(3) The Admiralty, the Army Council and the Air

Council respectively may recover by deduction from the

pay of seamen, marines, soldiers and airmen part of the contributions paid imder this section to such amount,

not exceeding one-half thereof, as they may think fit.

17. —(1) The Minister, after consultation with the Provisions

Board of Trade, may make a special order modifying in as to

such manner as he thinks proper the provisions of this Act (but not so as to increase the rates of contributions

or to decrease the rates of pension) in their application

to masters and seamen, and in particular (but without

prejudice to the generahty of the foregoing provisions)

any such order may provide for determining in the case

of a ship registered in Northern Ireland the owner of

which resides or has his principal place of business in

Great Britain, or of a ship registered, in Great Britain

the owner of which resides or has his principal place of

business in Northern Ireland, whether or not persons

employed on the ship are to be treated as being insured

for the purposes of this Act.

(2) The provisions of sections ninety-four and ninety-

five of the Insurance Act (which relate to the procedure

for the making of special orders) shall apply in the case

of special orders made under this section.

Special provisions applicable to widows and orphans whose

husbands and parents have died before the commencement

of this Act, and to persons who hdve attained the age of

seventy,

18. A widow’s pension shall be payable to the Widows and

widow of a man who died before the commencement of orphans

this Act, and an orphan’s pension shall be payable in pensions

respect of the orphan child of a man or widow who died

before the commencement of this Act, in the like circum- par^t^ed

stances and under the Hke conditions as if the husband, before the

father, or mother, as the case may be, had died commence-

imme^ately after the commencement of this Act ment of Act.

and had then been under the age of seventy; and the

Ch. 70. Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

foregoing provisions of this Act relating to such pensions

shall apply accordingly, subject however to the following

modifications:—

(a) the deceased husband, father, or mother shall be

deemed to have been insured at the time of his

or her death, for the purpose of this Act, if he or

she would have been or would have been

deemed to have been so insured by virtue of

any employment if this Act had been then in

force, and the decision of the Minister on any

question whether a person would have been so

insured or deemed to have been so insured shall

be final and conclusive;

(b) the deceased husband, father or mother, as the

case may be, if deemed to be so insured, shall

be deemed to be the person in respect of whose

insurance the pension is payable;

(c) a widow’s pension shall be payable only if the

widow has not remarried before the commencement of this Act, and if at the commencement

of this Act there is living at least one child of the marriage, or of any former marriage of

either parent, under the age of fourteen: Provided that if no widow’s pension is payable by

reason of there being no child imder the age

of fourteen, but there is a child over the age

of fourteen in respect of whom an additional

allowance would be payable if the widow were

entitled to a widow’s pension, an additional

allowance shall be payable in respect of that

child;

(d) a widow’s pension shall cease to be payable at

the expiration of six months from the date

on which the pension ceases to include any

additional allowance as part thereof or on which

the youngest child attains the age of fourteen,

whichever is the earher;

(e) of the statutory conditions required to be

complied with, condition (&) shall not apply,

and condition (a) shall be deemed to have been

comphed with iJf the Minister, whose decision

shall be final and conclusive, is satisfied that

the normal occupation of the person in respect

of whose insurance the pension is payable was

1925. Widows’ Orphans' and Ch. 70. 1495

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

at the time of his or her death such as would

have been employment in respect of which

contributions would have been payable under

this Act if this Act had been then in force.

19. -(1) A widow’s pension shah, be payable to the Pensions of

widow of a man who dies after the commencement of widows and

this Act and who had attained the age of seventy before

the commencement of this Act, if at the time of his geventjTat

death her husband was, or would had he survived the commence-

second day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, of Act.

have been, entitled to an old age pension under the Old

Age Pensions Acts, 1908 to 1924, by virtue of the next

succeeding section, and if there is hv^ing at the time of

his death at least one child of the marriage, or of anj’

former marriage of either parent, under the age of

fourteen;

Provided that—

(a) if no widow’s pension is payable by reason

of there being no child under the age of

fourteen, but there is a child over the age of

fourteen in respect of whom an additional

allowance woiild be payable if the widow

were entitled to a widow’s pension, an additional allowance shall be payable m respect

of that child; and

(b) such a pension shall cease to be payable at the

expiration of six months from the date on

which the pension ceases to include any

additional allowance as part thereof or on

which the youngest child attains the age

of fourteen, whichever is the earher.

(2) An orphan’s pension shah, be payable in respect

of the orphan child of a man who had attained the age

of seventy before the commencement of this Act if at

the time of his death he was, or would had he survived

the second day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-

six, have been, entitled to an old age pension under the

Old Age Pensions Acts, 1908 to 1924, by virtue of the

next succeeding section.

(3) In the case of a man who was an exempt person

or a person employed in an excepted employment, this

section shall apply subject to the prescribed modifications.

20. —(1) As from the second day of July, nineteen Persons

hundred and twenty-six, the following provisions shall over seventy

entitled to

1496 . Ch. 70.

old age

pensions.

Widows* Orphans* and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Ccmtributory Pensions Act, 1925.

have effect, that is to say, a person shall be entitled to

an old age pension under the Old Age Pensions Acts,

1908 to 1924—

(a) if being a man or a woman who has attained the

age of seventy before the said second day of

July he or she is at that date an insured person,

and has been continuously insured since the

twenty-ninth day of April, nineteen hundred and

twenty-five; or

(5) if being a man or woman who has attained the

age of seventy before the appointed day he or

she is at the time of attaining that age an

insured person, and has been eontinuously

insured, since the twenty-ninth day of April,

nineteen hundred and twenty-five; or

(c) if being a woman who has attained the age of

seventy she is the wife or widow of a man,

who is or has been entitled to an old age

pension under the Old Age Pensions Acts, 1908

to 1924, by virtue of paragraph (a) or paragraph (6) of this subsection; or

(d) if being a woman who has attained the age of

seventy she is the wife of a man who is entitled

to an old age pension under this Act; or

(e) if, being a widow who before the death of her

husband had attapied the age of seventy, she

would have been entitled to a widow’s pension

if she had not then attained that age:

Provided that the wife or widow of a man who had

attained the age of sixty at the date of the marriage

shall not, if the marriage takes place after the twenty-

ninth day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, be

entitled to an old age pension under the Old Age Pensions

Acts, 1908 to 1924, by virtue of paragraph (c) or (d) of this subsection unless she was immediately before the

marriage in receipt of a widows’ pension, or unless or

until five years have elapsed since the date of the

marriage.

(2) An old age pension under the Old Age Pensions

Acts, 1908 to 1924, to which a person becomes entitled

by virtue of this section shall be payable notwithstanding

that any of the statutory conditions under those Acts as

to means, residence, or nationality is not satisfied in the

case of that person, and shall be at the rate of ten

1925.

Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

1497

shillings a week notwithstanding that the yearly means

of that person exceed the amount entitling him or her to

a pension under those Acts at that rate.

Disqualifications, <Ssc.

21. -(1) A woman shall not be entitled to, and

shall be disqualified from receiving pa 3 anent of, a widow’s

pension (other than such part thereof as is payable by

way of an additional allowance), if and so long as she

and any person are cohabiting together as man and wife.

(2) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this

section, the provisions of the Old Age Pensions Acts,

1908 to 1924, with respect to the disqualifications for the

receipt of a pension under those Acts (which provisions

are set out with necessary adaptations in the Third

Schedule to this Act), shall as so set out have effect

as if re-enacted in this Act.

For the purposes of those provisions, a child in

respect of whom an additional allowance is payable

as part of a widow’s pension, or in respect of whom an

orphan’s pension is payable, shall be treated as if he were

in receipt of a pension; but, save as aforesaid, nothing

in those provisions shall affect the right to payment of

an additional allowance or orphan’s pension in respect

of a child,

22. A sum shall not be paid on account of a

pension—

(a) to or in respect of any person while that person

is absent from Great Britain; or

(b) if payment of the sum is not obtained within

three months after the date on which it has

become payable.

23. —(1) Subject as may be otherwise prescribed, a

right to a pension shall not arise in respect of the

insurance of any person, unless that person had—

(a) so far as relates to widows’ pensions and

orphans’ pensions at the date of his death;

(b) so far as relates to old age pensions under or by

virtue of this Act, at the date of attaining the

age of sixty-five, or other the date at which

apart from this section his right to the pension

would have accrued;

been resident in Great Britain for a period of

two years immediately prior to that date and imless

DisqualiG-

cations.

Residential

qualification

of pensioners, &c.

Residential

qualification

of persons

in respect

of whose

insmance

pensions are

payable.

1498

Provisions

against

double

pensions.

Ch. 70. Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

his last employment (excluding temporary employment)

before that date was in Great Britain;

Provided that—

(i) in the case of a widow’s or orphan’s pension

arising at the commencement of this Act the

foregoing provisions of this section shall not

apply, but a right to such a pension shall not

arise unless the widow or child to or in respect

of whom the pension would, apart from this

• section, have been payable has been resident

in Great Britain for a period of two years

immediately prior to the commencement of this Act or, in the case of a child under the

age of two, since the date of birth;

(ii) this section shall not apply to a person who is

entitled, to an old age pension under or by

virtue of this Act as being the wife or vidow

of a man who is or has been entitled to such

a pension.

(2) This section subject as may be prescribed shall

apply to all persons who are not British subjects in the

same manner as it applies to British subjects.

(3) This section shall not apply to sailors, soldiers,

and airmen insured imder the provisions of this Act.

Provisions against Double Pensions, c&c.

24.-(l) A pension or an additional allowance

under this Act shall not be payable to or in respect of

any person to or in respect of whom a service dependants

pension within the meaning of this Act is payable,

except where such a pension is payable in respect of the service of the pensioner’s son during the late war;

Provided that—

(i) regulations may be made by the JVIinister and

the service pension authority concerned for

excluding from the provisions of this subsection such service dependants pensions as

may be prescribed, being service dependants

pensions calculated with reference to the

necessities of the pensioner, and such regulations may make special provision with

reference to the administration of pensions

under this Act payable in the case of persons

entitled to such excluded pensions; and

1925. Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

1499

(ii) where the amount of the service dependants

pension is less than the amount of the pension,

including additional allowances, if any, which

would apart from this section have been payable under this Act, there shall be payable

out of the pensions account to the service

pension authority a sum equal to the diflference

between the said last-mentioned amount and

the amount of the service dependants pension,

and thereupon the service dependants pension

shall be increased by that sum.

In calculating for the purposes of this subsection

the amount of a service dependants pension—

(a) where the service dependants pension is payable

to or in respect of a person being one of a

married couple living together in the same

house the husband and wife shall each be treated

as in receipt of a pension of half the amount of

such service dependants pension;

(b) where service dependants pensions are payable to

or in respect of a widow and her children, the

amount of the service dependants pension payable to the widow shall be treated as including

the pensions payable in respect of her children.

(2) An orphan’s pension shall not be payable in

respect of a child in respect of whom an additional

allowance is payable.

(3) Not more than one additional allowance, or

one orphan’s pension, shall be payable in respect of

any one child.

(4) Not more than one old age pension, whether

imder this Act or the Old Age Pensions Acts, 1908 to

1924, shall be payable to any one person:

Provided that the right to a pension under this Act

shall not affect any right to, or to the continuance of, a

pension payable under the Old Age Pensions Acts, 1908

to 1924, as applied to blind persons by the Blind Persons

Act, 1920.

(5) A woman entitled to a widow’s pension shall not

also be entitled to an old age pension.

25. Where the death of an insured person was

caused, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, by an injury sustained on or after the first day

8 Edw. 7.

c. 40.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. C.49.

Provisions

where both

additional

1500

■ Ch. 70.

allowance

or orphan’s

pension and

compensation under

the Workmen’s Compensation

Act are

payable.

6 Edw. 7.

c. 58.

Provisions

where

pension

granted to

person in

receipt of

outdoor

relief.

Widows’ Orphans’ and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-four, in respect

of which compensation has been awarded or agreed

under the Workmen’s Compensation Act, ' 1906, as

amended by any subsequent enactment, or under any

scheme certified thereunder, an additional allowance or

an orphan’s pension in respect of the insurance of that

person shall cease to be payable as from the date on

which the Minister receives notice of the award or

agreement, or such earlier date as may be prescribed,

and for the purpose of notifying such awards and agreements the registrar of the county court shall in any case

where compensation has been awarded or agreed as

aforesaid in respect of an injury from which death

resulted, send within the prescribed time to the Minister

such particulars as may be prescribed of the memorandum

recorded in the case with respect to the compensation:

Provided that, where the weekly value calculated in

the prescribed manner of the sum awarded or agreed as

aforesaid in respect of a child in respect of whom an

additional allowance or orphan’s pension would but for

this section have been payable is less than the amount

of that allowance or pension, a sum equal to the

deficiency shall be payable as from the date aforesaid

by way of additional allowance or orphan’s pension, as

the case may be.

26.—(i) In any case in which a poor law authority

has granted outdoor relief to any person, being a person

not in receipt of a pension, and either—

(a) such relief would not have been granted if the

person had then been in receipt of a pension;

or

(b) such relief is in excess of the amount which

would have been granted to that person if he

had been in receipt of a pension;

the Minister may, if a claim by that person for a pension

in respect of any part of the period during which relief

has been so granted is subsequently allowed, treat the

pension so allowed as reduced for the purposes of this Act by an amount not exceeding such an amount as

the authority certify to have been so paid or so paid in

excess, as the case may be, in respect of the period for

which the pension was allowed, and the Minister may

pay to that authority the amount by which the pension

is treated as having been reduced as aforesaid, so,

1^)25. Widows^ Orphans' and Ch. 70. 1501

Old Age Gontribulory Pensions Act, 1925.

however, that the total amount to be so paid by the Minister shall not exceed the amount of the pension in

respect of the period aforesaid.

(2) This section shall extend to the case of a child in

respect of whom an additional allowance or orphan’s

pension is not being paid in like manner as to the case of

a person not in receipt of a pension, and shall apply in

such a case subject to the necessary modifications.

27.-(l) Where at the commencement of this Act Power to

any pension scheme has been established otherwise modify

than by Act of Parliament (including a scheme estab-

lished under powers conferred by Act of Parliament),

whereby benefits are provided corresponding to any of schemes,

the benefits secured by this Act, and the pension authority are desirous, in consequence of the passing of this Act, to modify the scheme as respects insured persons

who may become entitled to corresponding benefits under

or by virtue of this Act, but under the instrument regulating the scheme are unable to do so either absolutely

or without undue delay or expense, the pension authority

may submit to the Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies

proposals for conferring on them the powers necessary

for the purpose, and the Chief Registrar may confirm the

proposals, subject to such conditions, if any, as he thinks

fit to impose, and thereupon, subject to compliance with

such conditions, if any, the pension authority may modify

the scheme as respects such persons as aforesaid by reducing the amount of the benefits payable under the

scheme and the contributions payable thereunder, and by

making such other alterations in the scheme as may appear

to them expedient in consequence of such reductions;

Provided that, where the pension authority is a local

authority this subsection shall have effect as if for

references to the Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies

there were substituted references to the Minister.

(2) Where at the commencement of this Act any

pension scheme has been established by Act of Parliament whereby benefits are provided corresponding

to any of the benefits secured by this Act the pension

authority may submit to the Chief Registrar of lYiendly

Societies an amending scheme for reducing, as respects

insured persons who may become entitled to corresponding benefits under or by virtue of this Act, the benefits

payable under the scheme, and the contributions payable

1502

Ch. 70. Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

thereunder, and may make such other alterations in the

scheme as appear to them expedient in consequence of

such reductions; and the Chief Registrar, after giving

persons affected by the proposed scheme or their representatives the opportunity of objecting, and after

considering any such objection, may confirm the scheme;

and on any such amending scheme being so confirmed

the Act by which the scheme is established shall have

effect subject to the provisions of the amending scheme:

Provided that, where the pension authority is a local

authority this subsection shall have effect as if for references to the Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies there

were substituted references to the Minister.

(3) Where by any public general Act in force at the

commencement of this Act provision is made for the

establishment of a general scheme of superannuation

whereby persons in return for contributions payable thereunder become entitled to benefits corresponding to any

of the benefits secured by this Act, any local authority

or combination of local authorities which are at the commencement of this Act or have hereafter become or propose

to become a pension authority to which the first-mentioned

Act apphes may submit to the Minister a scheme modifying the first-mentioned Act so far as it relates to insured

persons who may become entitled to any of the benefits

secured by this Act and who may also become entitled to

receive from the pension authority corresponding benefits

under the first-mentioned Act—

(a) by reducing the superannuation allowance payable under the first-mentioned Act to any such

person by such amount as may be specified in

the scheme, not exceeding the amount of the

pension to which he and, if he is married, his

wife may become entitled under or by virtue of this Act;

(b) by reducing the contributions payable under the

first-mentioned Act by any such person by such

amount as may be specified in the scheme;

and the scheme may make such financial adjustments

(including any alteration in any annual charge payable

by the pension authority which may have been fixed

under the first-mentioned Act) as may be appropriate

in the circumstances, and the Minister, after giving

1925. Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70. 1503

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

persons affected by the proposed scheme or their representatives an opportunity of objecting, and, after

considering any such objections, may confirm the scheme,

and upon any such scheme being so confirmed the

first-mentioned Act, in relation to the pension authority

and such persons as aforesaid, shall have effect subject

to the provisions of the scheme.

(4) No alteration in any particular scheme, or in any

general scheme in its application to any particular

pension authority shall be made by a scheme under this

section which wiU prejudicially affect the solvency of the

particular scheme, or of the general scheme in its

application to that authority, or increase the liabfiity of the person (if any) hable for the solvency thereof.

(5) The powers conferred on a pension authority by

a scheme under this section may include power to pay

on behalf of any person in receipt of a superannuation

allowance from the pension authority any contribution

under this Act or the Insurance Act payable by such

person, and, if they think fit, to deduct the amount

thereof from the superannuation allowance payable to

him.

(6) This section shall not, nor shall any scheme

thereunder, except in such cases and to such extent as

may be prescribed affect the benefits of or contributions

by any person employed in an employment which is an

excepted employment within the meaning of section

fifteen of this Act.

(7) For the purposes of this section the expression

"local authority" means the council of any county or

municipal or metropolitan borough or urban or rural

district, and any board of guardians, and any other local

authority within the meaning of the Local Loans Act, 38 & 39 Vict.

1875, and the expression "pension authority" means c. 83.

any local authority or combination of local authorities or

other body of persons administering a pension or superannuation scheme, and the expression "Act of Parha-

ment " includes a Provisional Order confirmed by Act

and an order having the effect of an Act.

Administrative Provisions, cfcc.

28.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a Date of

pension shall, if a claim thereto is made before the expira- commence-

tion of one month after the date on which the claimant "ent and

1504

end of,

and mode of

paying

pensions.

Ch. 70. Widows* Orphans* and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

becomes entitled thereto, or, where the claimant becomes

so entitled at the commencement of this Act or on the

second day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, or

on the appointed day, before the expiration of two months

after that date, commence to accrue on the date on which

the claimant becomes so entitled, and if no claim is made

before the expiration of the period aforesaid shall commence to accrue on the date on which the claim thereto

is made:

Provided that, where it is shown in any such case as

may be prescribed that failure to make a claim within

the time above limited was due to circumstan 9 es over

which the claimant had no control, the pension shall

commence to accrue on the date on which the claimant

became entitled thereto.

(2) A pension shall, subject to any directions of the Minister in special cases, be paid weekly in advance

in such manner and subject to such conchtions as to

identification or otherwise as the Minister with the

approval of the Treasury may direct.

(3) Where the date on which a pension would begin

to accrue under .this Act is a day in the week other than

that prescribed as the day in the week on which the

weekly payments on account of pensions of that class

are to be made, the pension shall not begin to accrue

until such prescribed day in the week occurring next

after the first-mentioned date.

(4) Where the date on which a pension or additional

allowance under this Act would cease to be payable is a

day in the week other than that immediately preceding

the day in the week so prescribed as aforesaid, the

pension or allowance shall continue payable in respect of the days in the week up to but not including such

prescribed day;

Provided that, where a pension would cease to be

payable by reason of the person entitled thereto attaining

the age of seventy, the pension shall, if the day in the

week on which the person attaios the age of seventy is

not the day in the week on which payments on account

of old age pensions under the Old Age Pensions Acts, 1908

to 1924, are payable, continue to be payable in respect of the days in the week up to, but not including, the day

in the week on which such payments are payable.

1925. Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70. 1505

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

(5) Where a widow’s pension is by this Act limited

to expire on the expiration of six months after the

pension ceases to include any additional allowance as

part thereof, nothing in this section shall be construed as

affecting the duration of the pension, notwithstanding

that by virtue of this section no pa 5 unehts on account of

any additional allowance are payable, but in any such

case the widow’s pension shall, for the purpose aforesaid,

be deemed to include an additional allowance as part

thereof up to the day when but for the provisions of this

section it would have included such additional allowance.

29.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act and Claims and

in accordance with any regulations made thereunder, a^ppeals.

all claims for or in respect of pensions shall be made to the Minister.

(2) If any person is dis-satisfied by the award or

decision of the Minister in respect of any pension, the

question shall on application being made within the

prescribed time be referred to one or more referees

selected in accordance with regulations made by the

National Health Insurance Joint Committee from a panel

of referees to be appointed in accordance with regulations

so made, and the decision of the referee or referees shall

be final and conclusive:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be

construed as requiring such a reference to be made as

respects any matter as to which the decision of the Minister is by this Act made final and conclusive, or any

matter which by this Act is a matter within the discretion

of the Minister, or a matter which the Minister has power

to determine under section eighty-nine of the Insurance

Act as apijlied by this Act.

(3) The Minister may, on new facts being brought

to his notice, revise any award or decision given by

him under this Act, and the provisions of this Act as

to references shall apply to such revised award or

decision in the same manner as they apply as respects

an original award or decision;

Provided that the Minister shall not so revise an

award or decision if it has been referred to the referees, or

if the time for making an application for such a reference

has not expired, unless the person on whose application

the reference was made, or who is entitled to apply for a

reference, as the case may be, consents.

5C

1506

Ch. 70.

Regulations

by Minister.

62 & 53 Vict,

c. 49.

Widows‘ Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

30.—(1) The Minister, in conjunction with the

Treasury so far as relates to matters with respect to

which the Treasury so direct, and in conjunction with the

Postmaster-General so far as relates to the Post Office,

may make regulations generally for carrying this Act into

effect, and hi particular—

(a) for prescribing the manner in which claims to

pensions may be made, and for enabling

pensions to be paid through the Post Office;

and

(b) for prescribing the procedure to be followed on

references under this Act, and for applying for

the purposes of any such reference any of the

provisions of the Arbitration Act, 1889, and for

excluding the application of any of the other

provisions of that Act; and

(c) for authorising in such cases as may be prescribed the payment of any sum by way of

pension during any period not exceeding six

weeks intervening between the making of any

claim or the referring of any question and the

final determination of the claim or question;

and

(d) for providing for the apportionment as between

the appropriate national health insurance fund

and the pensions account of sums received on

account of contributions; and

(e) for enabling, in such cases as may be prescribed,

contributions in respect of employed persons

which have not been paid on the due dates

to be treated as having been so paid for the

purpose of a widow’s or an orphan’s pension;

and

(f) for enabling a person to be appointed to exercise

on behalf of any claimant or person entitled to

or in receipt of a pension who is, by reason of

any mental or other incapacity, imable to act,

any right to which that claimant or person may

be entitled under this Act, and to authorise any

person so appointed to receive on behalf and

for the benefit of the claimant or person any

pension; and

1925.

Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

1507

[g) for applying with the necessary modifications to

deposit contributors the provisions of the

National Health Insurance (Prolongation of

Insurance) Act, 1921; and

(h) for prescribing anything which under this Act

is to be prescribed.

(2) Regulations under this Act may also be made

providing that, subject to the prescribed conditions,

section one of the National Health Insurance (Prolongation of Insurance) Act, 1921, shall apply, and shall be

deemed always to have applied, in cases where condition

(6) therein mentioned is not comphed with, as if for that

condition there were substituted the following condition,

that is to say:

(6) that the approved society of which the insured

person is a member is satisfied, or in the case

of a dispute it is decided in manner provided

by the Insurance Act, "that during the prescribed period the insured person has, except

when incapable of work by reason of some

specific disease or some bodily or mental disablement, been available for but unable to

obtain employment:

Provided that no person shall by virtue of any such

regulation become entitled to any benefit under the

Insurance Act in respect of any period before the commencement of this Act.

(3) Regulations made under this section shall be

laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may

be after they are made and shall have effect as ff

enacted in this Act: Provided that, if an address is

presented to His Majesty by either House within the

next subsequent twenty-one days on which that House

has sat next after the regulation is laid before it,

praying that the regulation may be annulled. His

Majesty may by Order in Council annul the regulation, but without prejudice to the validity of anytliing

previously done thereunder.

31.—(1) Regulations made by the Registrar-General

under the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to

1901, may provide for the furnishing by Superintendent

Registrars, Registrars of Births and Deaths, and Registrars

of Marriages, subject to the payment of the prescribed

6C 2

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 66.

Regulations

by Registrar-General.

1508

37 & 38 Vict,

c. 88.

6 & 7 Will. 4,

c. 86.

Co-ordinating power

of National

Health

Insurance

Joint Committee,

Provisions

as to

reciprocal

arrangements with

other parts

of His

Majesty’s

Dominions.

Ch. 70, Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

fee, of such information for the purposes of this Act,

including copies of or extracts from the registers under

their charge, as may be prescribed.

(2) The power given to the Minister, or to the

Registrar-General with the consent of the Minister, by

section forty-four of the Births and Deaths Registration

Act, 1874, by order to alter from time to time all or any

of the forms contained in the Schedules to the Births and

Deaths Registration Act, 1836, as amended by any

subsequent enactment, in such manner as may appear

best for carrying into effect the Births and Deaths

Registration Act, 1836, or to prescribe new forms for

that purpose, shah, include a power to alter the said

forms or to prescribe new forms in such manner as may

appear to them best adapted for carrjdng into effect any

of the purposes of this Act.

(3) The provisions of section one hundred and one

of the Insurance Act (which enable certificates of births,

deaths and marriages to be obtained for the purposes of

that Act on payment of a reduced fee) shall apply for

the purpose of enabling certificates of births, deaths

and marriages to be obtained for the purposes of this Act on payment of a fee of one s hillin g in each case.

32. The National Health Insurance Joint Committee shall exercise and perform such powers and duties

of the Minister and the Scottish Board of Health under

this Act, either alone or jointly with either of them,

as may be prescribed by regulations of the Joint

Committee:

Provided that for the purpose of the exercise of

any powers imder this Act the Minister of Labour for

Northern Ireland shall not, nor shall his deputy, act as

a member of the Joint Committee unless reciprocal

arrangements are made with Northern Ireland under

this Act, and are for the time being in force.

33. —(1) If provision is made by legislative enactment in any part of His Majesty’s Dominions outside

Great Britain for the establishment therein of any

scheme of health insurance and of pensions substantially corresponding to those provided by virtue of the

Insurance Act and this Act, the National Health Insurance Joint Committee may, with the consent of the

1925.

Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

1509

Treasury, make reciprocal arrangements with the authority administering such scheme whereby periods of

insurance, contributions paid, and residence, in one

country shall, for the purpose of qualification for pensions in the other country, be treated as if they had

been periods of insurance, contributions paid, and residence, in that other country, and whereby pensions

payable by one country shall be payable to persons

whilst resident in the other country.

(2) Provision may be made by regulations under

this Act for directing that this Act shall, in relation to

or in connection with any persons affected by any

arrangements made under this section, apply, subject to

such modifications and adaptations as may be prescribed,

and may make provision for any necessary financial

adjustments.

(3) For the purposes of this section the expression

" country," means Great Britain on the one hand, and

any part of His Majesty’s Dominions outside Great

Britain which has made such provision as aforesaid on

the other hand.

34. —(1) Every assignment of or charge on, and

every agreement to assign or charge, a pension shall be

void, and on the bankruptcy of the person entitled to

such a pension the pension shall not pass to any trustee

or other person acting on account of the creditors.

(2) Any sums received by any person by way of

a pension shall not be included in calculating his

means for the purpose of section five of the Debtors

Act, 1869.

35. —(1) Any person who, for the purpose of

obtaining or continuing a pension, either for himself

or for any other person, or for the purpose of obtaining

or continuing a pension for himself or for any other

person at a higher rate than that appropriate to the

case, knowingly makes any false statement or false

representation, and any person who knowingly obtains

payment of, or continues to receive, a pension which he

is disqualified from receiving, shall be hable on summary

conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding

three months.

(2) If it is found at any time that a person has been

in receipt of a pension dming any period during which

Pensions

under Act

to be inalienable.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 62.

Penalty for

false statements and

repayment

of sums

overpaid.

1510

Power to

remove

difJBculties.

Ch. 70. Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

he was not entitled thereto, or has been in receipt of a

pension at a higher rate than that appropriate to the

case, then, unless it is shown to the satisfaction of the Minister that the sum was received by the pensioner in good faith and without knowledge that he

was not entitled thereto, he, or, in the case of

his death, his personal representative, shall be liable

to repay to the Minister any sums paid to him in

respect of the pension during the period aforesaid, or,

as the case may be, a sum representing the difference

between a pension at the rate actually paid and a

pension at the rate appropriate to the case.

(3) Any sum due to the Minister under this section

may, without prejudice to the recovery thereof as a debt

due to the Crown, be recovered by the Minister summarily

as a civil debt, and proceedings for the summary recovery

as a civil debt of any such sum may, notwithstanding

anything in any Act to the contrary, be brought at any

time within twelve months from the time when the matter

complained of arose, or, where the complaint is in respect

of a consecutive series of payments on account of pension,

within twelve months from the date on which the last

payment on account of pension was received.

(4) Where a person is liable under this section to

repay to the Minister any sum received by way of

pension, that sum may be recovered without prejudice

to any other remedy, by means of deductions from

any pension to which that person may thereafter be

entitled.

(5) The provisions of this section shall apply with

the necessary modifications in the case of a person to

whom a pension or additional allowance is paid under

any of the provisions of this Act for or for the benefit

of any person.

36. If in any respect any difficulty arises in bringing

into operation this Act, the Minister, with the consent of the Treasury, may by order do anything which appears

to be necessary or expedient for bringing this Act into

operation, and any such order may modify the provisions

of this Act so far as may appear necessary or expedient

for carrying the order into effect:

Provided that the powers conferred by this section

shall not be exercised after the thirty-first day of

December, nineteen hundred and twenty-six.

1925.

Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

1511

Amendments of Insurance Act, Unemployment Insurance

Acts and Old Age Pensions Acts.

37.—(1) As from the appointed day the right to

sickness and disablement benefit Under the Insurance

Act and to unemployment benefit under the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1924, shall cease if the

person insured thereunder has then attained or on his

attaining the age of sixty-five.

(2) As from the appointed day no contributions

under the Insurance Act shall be payable by or in

respect of a person who has attained the age of sixty-

five.

38.—(1) The amendments set out in Part I. of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, being amendments consequential upon the provisions of this Act, shall have

effect with respect to—

(a) the rates of contribution payable under the

Insurance Act;

(b) the sums to be retained out of each weekly

contribution by the Minister under the provisions of subsection (1) of section sixty-seven

of the Insurance Act;

(c) the sums to be applied by the Minister out of the

sums so retained towards discharging the liabilities of the Minister to approved societies in

respect of reserve values.

(2) The amendments specified in the second column

of Part II. and Part III. of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, which are consequential on other provisions contained in this Act, shall be made in the provisions of the

Insurance Act which are specified in the first column of

that Schedule:

Provided that of the amendments so specified, those

contained in Part III. of the said Schedule shall not

come into force until the appointed day.

(3) Regulations made imder subsection (3) of section sixty-six of the Insurance Act (which relates to

crediting, variation, and cancellation of reserve values)

may provide for the reduction or cancellation of reserve

values consequential upon the termination by reason of the provisions of this Act of contributions before the

Termination

of certain

benefits

and contributions of

persons

over sixty-

five.

Consequential amend-

Caents of

Insurance

Act.

1512

Ch. 70. Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

age of seventy years, and the curtailment thereunder

of the liabilities of approved societies, and for any matters

which may appear necessary or expedient by reason of

such reduction or cancellation:

Provided that such reduction or cancellation of

reserve values shall not have effect for the purposes of

section one hundred and twenty-two of the Insurance

Act unless and until reciprocal arrangements with

Northern Ireland are made under this Act.

(4) An employed contributor who had, on attaining

the age of sixty in the case of a man, or fifty-five in the

case of a woman, been continuously insured for a period

of ten years or since the fifteenth day of July, nineteen

hundred and twelve (whichever period is the shorter),

shall be entitled within such time and subject to such

conditions as may be prescribed to pay contributions in

respect of any period of unemployment as if he were a

voluntary contributor.

(5) Where an employer in England or Wales has

failed or neglected to pay any contribution which, under

the Insurance Act as amended by this Act, he is liable

to pay in respect of any person, the amount which he has

so failed or neglected to pay shall be a debt due from

him to the Minister and may be recovered by the Minister summarily as a civil debt, if proceedings for the

purpose are instituted within three years from the date

when the contribution becomes due:

Provided that the powers hereby conferred on the Minister shall be deemed to be in supplement of and not

in derogation of any powers conferred on the Minister

or on insured persons by any other provisions of the

Insurance Act.

(6) Any sum ordered to be paid to the Minister

under the provisions of subsection (2) of section ninety-

six or of subsection (2) of section ninety-seven of the

Insurance Act by an employer in England or Wales who

has been convicted of failing or neglecting to pay any

contribution in respect of a person shall be recoverable

as a penalty and not otherwise.

(7) The provisions of subsection (3) of section ninety-

seven of the Insurance Act (which relate to proceedings

by inspectors) shall extend to proceedings for the

recovery of contributions summarily as a civil debt under

this section.

1925. Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

(8) There shall he included among the returns which

an approved society may be required to make under

subsection (1) of section seventy-two of the Insurance

Act such particulars with respect to the insurance of

any person who is or was a member of the society as

the Minister may require for the purposes of this Act,

and the provisions of the said section shall apply

accordingly, and there shall be paid to a society

returning such particulars such sums as may, subject

to the consent of the Treasury, be prescribed, and the sums

so paid shall be treated as part of the administrative

expenses of this Act.

(9) Any certificate of exemption granted under the

National Health Insurance Act, 1919, shall, as from the

commencement of this Act cease to have effect, and

the words "and any certificate of exemption granted

" under the National Health Insurance Act, 1919, may

" be renewed as if that Act had not been repealed " in

proviso (a) to section one hundred and thirty-three of the Insurance Act are hereby Repealed.

39.—(1) As from the appointed day contributions

shall be payable in respect of every person who is an employed person within the meaning of the Unemployment

Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1924, who is of the age of sixty-five

or upwards, in the manner and at the rates applicable to

exempt persons within the meaning of those Acts, and,

subject to such modifications and adaptations as may be

prescribed by the Minister of Labour after consultation

with the Munster of Health, such contributions shall be

paid as if they were contributions under the said Acts,

and all statutory provisions relating to the payment and

collection of contributions under the said Acts, including

provisions with respect to offences and civil proceedings

in relation to contributions, with respect to priority of

claims for contributions, and with respect to the powers

of inspectors, shall have effect accordingly.

Save as aforesaid, no contributions under the said

Acts shall, after the appointed day, be payable in respect

of persons who have attained the age of sixty-five.

(2) AU sums collected on account of contributions

under the preceding subsection shall be paid into the

Unemployment Fund established under the said Acts.

1513

9 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 36.

Consequential amendments of

Unemployment Insurance

Acts.

1514

Amendment

of Old Age

Pensions

Acts in

relation to

persons in

receipt of

pensions.

Local

authorities.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 29.

Ch. 70. Widows’ Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

(3) In the case of persons to whom a special scheme

made or approved under the Unemployment Insurance

Acts, 1920 to 1924, applies, the provisions of this Act

relating to unemployment insurance shall have effect

subject to the following modifications, that is to say,

references to liability to be insured and contributions

under the said Acts, to unemployment benefit, and to the unemployment fund shall be respectively construed

as references to liability to be insured, and to contributions and benefit, under the special scheme, and to the fund constituted thereunder.

40. Any person who is at the date on which

he or she attains the age of seventy entitled to an

old age pension or a widow’s pension under this Act, or would have been so entitled but for the pro-

visions of this Act relating to service dependants

pensions, shall be entitled to an old age pension under

the Old Age Pensions Acts, 1908 to 1924, at the

rate of ten shillings a week, notwithstanding that any

of the statutory conditions as to means, residence or

nationahty is not satisfied in the case of that person,

and notwithstanding that the yearly means of that

person exceed the amount entitling him or her to a

pension at that rate.

General,

41.—(1) The local authority for the purposes of this Act shall be, in the case of a county borough, the

borough council, and elsewhere, the county council:

Provided that, where the council of any non-county

borough or urban district is both a local education

authority and an authority for the purposes of the

Maternity and Child Welfare Act, 1918, that council

shall, as respects that borough or urban district, be the

local authority for the purposes of this Act to the

exclusion of the county council.

(2) A county council may for the purposes of this Act make arrangements with any sanitary authority

whose area is wholly or partly situate within the county

for the execution and performance by that sanitary

authority of any of the powers and duties of the county

council under this Act.

1925. Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70. 1515

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

(3) A local authority for the purpose of this Act, or

a sanitary authority with which a county council have

made arrangements under the last preceding subsection,

may, if the authority is a local education authority or an

authority for the purposes of the Maternity and ‘Child

Welfare Act, 1918, delegate their powers and duties

under this Act to the education committee or to the

maternity and child welfare committee of the authority,

or if the authority is both a local education authority

and an authority for the purposes of the Maternity and

Child Welfare Act, 1918, partly to one such committee

and partly to the other, as they think fit; and such

delegation mhy be made subject to such restrictions

and conditions, if any, as the authority think fit.

(4) Any expenses incurred by a local education committee or a maternity and child welfare committee in the

execution and performance of any powers and duties so

delegated shall be defrayed as expenses incurred in aid

of elementary education or under the Maternity and

Child Welfare Act, 1918, as the case may be, and any

expenses incurred by a local authority for the purposes

of this Act in the execution and performance of their

powers and duties which have not been delegated to a

local education committee or a maternity and child welfare committee, and any similar expenses of a sanitary

authority, so far as they are not met by payments by

the county coimcil, shall be defrayed as follows:—

(a) in the case of a county council, as expenses for

general county purposes, or, if the Minister by

order so directs, as expenses for special county

purposes charged on such part of the county as

may be provided by the order;

(b) in the case of the co mm on coimcil of the City

of London, out of the general rate;

(c) in the case of a metropolitan borough council,

as part of the general expenses of the council;

(d) in the case of a borough or district council, as

part of the general expenses of the coimcil in

the execution of the Public Health Acts.

(5) For the purposes of this Act the Minister may

refer to the local authority for investigation and report

to him any matter relating to a widow or child to or

1516

Ch. 70.

Provisions

as to posthumous

children.

Decennial

reports and

revision of

contributions.

Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

in respect of whom a widow’s or orphan’s pension or

additional allowance is payable.

42. —(1) In the event of a posthumous child being

born any additional allowance or orphan’s pension which

would have been payable in respect of the child had he

been living at the date of his father’s death shall be

payable in respect of the child as from the date of birth.

(2) Where under any of the provisions of this Act

the right of a woman to a widow’s pension depends on

there being at least one child living at the date of the

death of her husband or of the commencement of this Act, then, in the event of a posthumous’ child being

bom, or being born after the commencement of this Act, as the case may be, the child shall for the purpose

of determining her right to a pension be treated as if it

had been born immediately before the date of the death

of the father or of the commencement of this Act as the

case may be.

43. —(1) The Government Actuary shall in the year

nineteen hundred and thirty-five, and in every succeeding

tenth year, make a report to the Treasury on the general

financial operation of this Act, the amoimt of contributions from the Exchequer which will be required to

preserve the solvency of the treasury pensions account,

and the value of the benefits conferred by this Act;

and every such report shall be laid before Parliament;

Provided that nothing in this provision shall be

construed as preventing the Treasury from requiring

additional reports to be so made at such times during

the currency of any decennial period as they think fit.

(2) Unless Parliament otherwise determines, during

the decennial period commencing the first day of January,

nineteen hunted and thirty-six, the ordinary rates of

contribution shall be increased in the case of men by

twopence a week (of which in the case of employed

persons one penny shall be payable by the employer and

one penny by the employed person), and in the case of

women by one penny' a week (of which in the case of

employed persons one halfpenny shall be payable by the

employer and one halfpenny by the employed person),

and sinailar additional increases shall be made in the

contributions at the beginning of the decennial periods

1925. Widows' Orphans' and, Ch. 70. 1517

Old Age, Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

commencing the first day of January, nineteen hundred

and forty-six, and nineteen hundred and fifty-six.

(3) The rates of contribution under Part II. of the

First Schedule to this Act shall at the beginning of each

such decennial period be increased in the case of men by

one penny and in the case of women by one halfpenny

a week (the whole of which shall be payable by the

employer), but the rates of contribution under Part III.

and Part TV. of the said schedule shall not be liable

to be increased. •

44.—'(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise Interpreta-

requires— tion-

" The appointed day" means the second day of

January, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight;

" The Minister" means the Minister of Health;

" Child " includes a stepchild, and, in relation to

a man, an illegitimate child, whether his or his

wife’s, who was living with him at the time of

his death and, in relation to a woman, includes

her illegitimate child who was living with her

at the time of her death;

" Orphan" means a child both of whose parents

are dead;

" Pension" means a pension under this Act and a

pension under the Old Age Pensions Acts, 1908

to 1924, which is payable by virtue of this Act;

" Service dependants pension" means any pension

or allowance payable out of moneys provided by

Parliament at weekly or other periodical intervals to a person—

(a) in respect of the death of some other

person attributable to or connected with the

service of that other person in the naval,

military or air forces; or

(b) in respect of the death of some other

person attributable to or connected with

the service of that other person during the

late war;

and " service pension authority" means the

authority or department by whom the service

dependants pension is administered;

1518

Ch. 70. Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

" Provisions of this Act " includes any regulations

made under this Act;

" Contribution year" means such period corresponding as nearly as may be to twelve months

as may be prescribed;

" Contributions, " except where the expression is

used in relation to contributions under the

Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1924,

means contributions under this Act or the

Insurance Act or any Act repealed by the

Insurance Act.

Expressions in this Act have the same meaning as

in the Insurance Act.

(2) Where a person attains a particular age on the

date of the commencement of this Act or on the

appointed day or on the second day of July, nineteen

hundred and twenty-six, that person shall for the

purposes of this Act be deemed to have attained such

age after those dates respectively.

(3) When the widow of a man has remarried she

shall not for the purposes of this Act be regarded as the

vsddow of her former husband and accordingly (subject

to the provisions of this Act as to the continuance, of

additional allowances) shall not be entitled to any

pension imder this Act in respect of the insurance of her

former husband.

(4) Where a child bom before the marriage of his

parents has been legitimated by virtue of the subsequent

marriage of his parents the chdd shall, for the purposes

of this Act, be deemed to be a child bom of the marriage.

(5) For the purposes of this Act, any period during

which a person served in the naval, military, or air

forces of the Crown during the late war shall, if he was

entitled to be insured whilst so serving, be deemed to be

a period during which he was insured, and contributions

shall be deemed to have been paid in respect of him for

every week during that period.

(6) A person who would be entitled to an old age

pension under the Old Age Pensions Acts, 1908 to 1924,

by virtue of this Act, shall, for the purposes of this Act,

be deemed to be entitled thereto by virtue of this Act

notwithstanding that that person would be entitled to

1925. Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70. 1519

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

an old age pension under those Acts. independently of this Act.

(7) The weeks during which any person whilst

resident in Northern Ireland has been insured under the

Insurance Act and the contributions paid into the

Northern Ireland National Health Insurance Fund by or

in respect of any person shall, for the purpose of determining whether any statutory condition under this Act

is fulfilled in the ease of such a person, be treated as

weeks of insurance and contributions paid by or in

respect of him.

(8) This Act, so far as it amends the Insurance Act,

shall be read with, and be deemed to be part of, the

Insurance Act, and so far as it amends the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1924, shall be read wdth

and be deemed to be part of those Acts.

45. In the application of this Act to Scotland— Application

(1) References to the Minister of Health shall to Scotland.

be construed as references to the Scottish

Board of Health, except in section twenty-

seven, in which section references to the Minister shall be construed as references to

, the Secretary for Scotland, references in the

said section twenty-seven to a local authority

shall be construed as references to a local

authority within the meaning of the Local

Authorities Loans (Scotland) Acts, 1891 to

1924; and the reference to the registrar of the county court shall be construed as a

reference to the sheriS clerk:

(2) A separate account, to be called the pensions

(Scotland) account, shall be opened, and all

the provisions of this Act relating to the

pensions account (including the provisions as

to the making of payments thereto from the

treasimy pensions account) shall apply to the

pensions (Scotland) account;

(3) The local authority for the purposes of this Act shall be the local authority under the

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, and 60 & 61 Vict,

save as otherwise hereinafter provided the c. 38.

expenses of the local authority under this Act

shall be defrayed out of the public health

1520

Ch. 70. Widows’ Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

general assessment; so, however, that such

expenses shall not be reckoned in any calculation as to the statutory limit of that

assessment.

A local authority may make arrangements

for the execution and performance of any of

their powers and duties under this Act either

by a committee of the local authority or by a

joint committee of the local authority and

any other local authorities or otherwise as

the local authority may determine, and any

such committee or joint committee may

consist partly of persons who are not members

of the local authority or of any of the local

authorities acting in combination, as the case

may be:

Provided that, where any of the powers and

duties of the local authority are executed

and performed by the committee, or joint

committee, administering the scheme of

maternity and child welfare under the

5 & 6 Geo. 5. Notification of Births (Extension) Act, 1915,

c. 64. in operation within the district of the local

authority, any expenses incurred by that

committee, or joint committee, shall be

defrayed ap expenses incurred under that

scheme.

(4) The following subsections shall be substituted

for subsections (1) and (2) of section thirty-one

of this Act—

(a) Regulations may be made by the

Registrar General with the approval of the

Scottish Board of Health requiring every

person giving information to a registrar of

births, deaths, and marriages of a birth,

death, or marriage to furnish in writing, to the best of his knowledge and behef, such

information for the purposes of this Act as

may be prescribed, and any person refusing

so to furnish such information or knowingly making any false statement or

representation with reference to such

information shall be liable on summary

conviction to imprisonment for a term not

1925.

Widows’ Orphans' and Ch, 70.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

1521

exceeding three months. The provisions

of section six of the Registration of 17 & 18 Vict.

Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) c-80.

Act, 1854, with respect to regulations

thereunder beuig laid before Parliament

shall apply to regulations made under this

subsection.

(6) Regulations made by the Scottish

Board of Health or by the Registrar

General with the approbation of the said

Board under section six of the Registration

of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Scotland)

Act, 1854, may provide for the furnishing

by registrars of births, deaths and marriages, subject to the payment of the

prescribed fee, of such information for

the purposes of this Act, as may be

prescribed;

(5) Nothing in subsection (3) of section thirty-

five of this Act shall be deemed to limit

the period within which proceedings for the

summary recovery as a civil debt of any sum

may be brought:

(6) Subsections (5), (6) and (7) of section thirty-

eight of this Act shall not apply.

46.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Widows’ Short title,

Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925. extent and

commenco-

(2) This Act shall, save as respects the provisions ment.

thereof which are expressed to take effect as from the

appointed day, or as from the second day of July, nineteen

hundred and twenty-six, come into force on the fourth

day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, and

that date is in this Act referred to as the commencement

of this Act.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1522

Ch. 70,

Sections 9,

16 and 43.

Widxyws' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Rates of Contributions.

Part I.

Ordinary Rates of CkiNTRiBUTiONS.

Rate of

contribution

per week.

Payable in case of

employed persons.

By the

employer.

By the

employed

person.

Contributions in case of men -

Contributions in case of women

M.

2\d.

4ii.

2d.

Part II.

Rates of Contributions payable in respect of Persons

Employed within the meaning of the Insurance Act

WHO HAVE attained THE AGE OF SIXTY-FIVE.

Contributions in case of men •

9d.

9d.

Contributions in case of women

Id.

Id.

Part III.

Rates of Contributions in respect of Exempt Persons.

Contributions in case of men -

Id.

4id.

2Jd.

Contributions in case of women

2id.

2id.

1925. Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

Part IV.

Rates of Contributions in respect of Persons Employed in

ANY Employment which is an Excepted Employment

TO WHICH Paragraph (iv) of Subsection (1) of Section

NINE OF THIS AcT APPLIES, AND WHO ARE INSURED FOR

ALL Pensions except Old Age Pensions.

Rate of

contribution

per week.

i

Payable

by the

employer.

Payable

by the

employed

person.

Contributions in case of men -

Contributions in case of women

Id.

Hd.

j

3id.

2d.

3K

IJd.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Application of Section 15 (7) to a Person

WHOSE Remuneration exceeded Two Hundred and

Fifty Pounds a Year.

Where a person who has been employed in an employment

which would have been an excepted employment within the

meaning of section fifteen of this Act had the rate of his

remuneration not exceeded two hundred and filty pounds a

year has on retirement from such employment, whether before

or after the commencement of this Act, been granted a

superannuation allowance, then—

(i) Paragraph (a) of subsection (7) of the said section shall

apply to him if, had the rate of his remuneration not

exceeded the amount aforesaid, no contributions under

this Act would, or would had he continued in the

employment after the commencement of this Act, have

been payable in respect of him;

(u) Paragraph (6) of the said subsection shall apply to him

if, had the rate of his remuneration not exce^ed the

amount aforesaid, contributions at the rates mentioned

in Part IV. of the First Schedule to this Act would, or

would had he continued in the employment after the

commencement of this Act, have been payable in

respect of him:

1523

1st Sch.

— cont.

Section 15,

5D 2

1524

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Section 21.

Ch. 70. Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

Provided that, where a person to whom paragraph (a) of the

said subsection would by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this schedule apply is a person who at the commencement of this Act was an insured or exempt person, he shall be treated as

if he were a person to whom paragraph (a) of the said subsection did not, but paragraph (6) thereof did, apply.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Disqualifications fob Receipt of Pension.

1. A person shall be disqualified for receiving or continuing

to receive a pension, notwithstanding the fulfilment of the

statutory conditions—

(a) while he is an inmate of any workhouse or other poor-

law institution:

Provided that a person who has become an inmate

of any workhouse or other poor-law institution for the

purpose of obtaining medical or surgical treatment shall

not, during a pei^od of three months from the date

on which he becomes such an inmate if he so long

continues to require such treatment, be disquahfied on

the ground only that he is such an inmate for receiving

or continuing to teceive a pension;

(b) while he is detained in any asylum withip the meaning

of the Lunacy Acts, 1890 to 1922, or in Scotland the

Lunacy (Scotland) Acts 1857 to 1919, or while he is

being maintained in any place as a pauper or criminal

lunatic.

2. Where a person has been before the passing of this Act,

or is after the passing of this Act, convicted of any offence, and

ordered to be imprisoned without the option of a fine or to suffer

any greater punishment, he shall be disqualified for receiving or

continuing to receive a pension while he is detained in prison in

consequence of the order.

1925.

Widows' Orphans' and Ch. 70.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

1525

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Amendments of Insurance Act as to Rates of

Contributions, &c.

1. The following Table shall be substituted for the Table

in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Insurance Act, except

for the purposes of subsection (2) of section one hundred and

twenty-one of that Act.

RATES OF CONTRIBUTIONS IN RESPECT OF

EMPLOYED CONTRIBUTORS.

In the case of men - - 9d. a week.

In the case of women ---- 8jd. a week.

Contributions of Employers and Employed Contributors.

In Ordinary Cases.

To be paid by the employer -

To be paid by the contributor

{ men

women -

4|d. a week.

4d. a week.

In the case of Low-Wage Earners.

In the case of employed contributors of either sex, of the

age of eighteen or upwards, whose remuneration does not include

the provision of board and lodging by their employer, and the

rate of whose remuneration does not exceed 4^. a working day,

the following shall be the rates of contribution :—

(1) Where the rate of remuneration does not exceed 3s. a

working day :—

To be paid by the employer

(2) Where the rate of remuneration exceeds 3s. but does not

exceed 4s. a working day :—

To be paid by the employer - - 5\d. a week.

To be paid by the contri- f men - - 3|d. a week,

butor . - - \ women - 3d. a week.

J for men - 9d. a week.

\for women 8jd. a week.

Section 38.

1526

4th Sch.

— conr.

Ch. 70. Widows' Orphans' and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

2. The sum of fourpence halfpenny shall be substituted for

the sum of 6vepence as the weekly contribution payable by an

employer in respect of an exempt person, and subsection (1) of

section six of the Insurance Act shall have effect accordingly.

3. The sum of threepence halfjjenny shall be substituted for

the sum of fourpence halfpeimy which, under the provisions of

subsection (1) of section fifty-seven of the Insurance Act, is to

be paid to the Minister by the Admiralty, Army Council and

Air Council, respectively, in resjiect of each contribution week

or part of a contribution week for which every seaman, marine,

soldier or airman, being a member of an approved society

receives pay.

4. The sums to be retained by the Minister under subsection (1) of section sixty-seven of the Insurance Act out of

each weekly contribution paid under that Act shall be, in the

case of a man, one penny and five-ninths of a penny, and, in the

case of a woman, one penny and three-tenths of a penny, and

that subsection shall be read and have effect accordingly.

6. The sums to be applied by the Minister under paragraph (o) of subsection (1) of section sixty-seven of the Insurance

Act towards discharging the liabilities of the Minister to approved

societies in respect of reserve values, shall be, in the case of a

man, one penny, and in the case of a woman, nine-tenths of

a penny, and that paragraph shall be read and have effect

accordingly.

6. Eightpence shall be substituted for ninepence and

fourpence halfpenny for fivepence in section one hundred and

three of the Insurance Act.

Part II.

Consequential Amendments of Insurance Act coming

INTO Operation on Commencement of this Act.

Enactment to

be amended. Amendment.

Section[97 (2) - For the words "the year preceding the

date when the information for the

offence was laid " there shall be substituted the words "the two years

preceding the date of the offence."

1925.

Widows’ Orphans' and Ch. 70, 71.

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

1527

Part III.

CONSEQTTBNTIAIi AMENDMENTS OF INSURANCE AcT COMING

INTO Operation on the Appointed Day.

Enactment to

be amended. Amendment.

Section 3 (3) -

Section 7 (3) -

Section 12

Section 13 (8)

Section 69 (3)

" Sixty-five years " shall be substituted for

" seventy years."

" Sixty-five years " shall be substituted for

" seventy years."

Subsection (2) shall be repealed.

" Sixty-five years " shall be substituted for

" seventy years."

* '• Sixty-five years " shall be substituted for

" seventy years."

CHAPTER 71.

An Act to amend the Public Health Acts, 1875 to

1907, and the Baths and Washhouses Acts, 1846

to 1899, in respect of matters for which provision

is commonly made in local Acts and for other

purposes relating to the public health.

[7th August 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Preliminary.

1.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Public Health

Act, 1925.

(2) Parts I. to VIII. of this Act and the Public

Health Acts, 1875 to 1907, may be cited together as

the Public Health Acts, 1875 to 1925, and the Baths

and Washhouses Acts, 1846 to 1899, and Part IX. of this Act may be cited together as the Baths and

Washhouses Acts, 1846 to 1925.

(3) Parts I. to VIII. of this Act shall be construed

as one with the Public Health Acts, 1875 to 1907, and

4th Soh.

-cont.

Short title,

construction

and commencement.

1528

Extent of

Act.

7 Edw. 7.

0. 63.

Adoption by

urban

authorities

of Parts II.

to V.

Ch. 71. Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Part IX. of this Act shall be construed as one with the

Baths and Washhouses Acts, 1846 to 1899.

(4) The expression "the commencement of this

section, " when used in any provision in Parts II. to V.

of this Act, means the date on which that section comes

into operation within the district of the local authority

by virtue of an adoption of that provision, or of an order

of the Minister of Health.

\}P, (5) This Act shall come into operation on the

expiration of one month after the passing thereof.

2. —(1) This Act shall not apply to Scotland or

Northern Ireland, or, save as expressly provided in this Act, to the administrative county of London.

(2) Parts IL, III., IV. and V. of this Act are adoptive,

and shall extend, in so far as they may be adopted,

to any district for which they are adopted in accordance

with the provisions of this Act:

Provided that, where powers are conferred on a county

council by any section in Part II. of this Act those powers

may be exercised by the council without an adoption by

them of the provisions of that section.

(3) Part VI. of this Act shall extend to any area in

which Part VT. of the Public Health Acts Amendment

Act, 1907, is in force at the commencement of this Act,

and may be applied to any district by an order of the Minister of Health in the same maimer as Part VI. of the

said Act of 1907 may be applied.

(4) Part IX. of this Act shall extend to England and

Wales inclusive of the administrative county of London.

3. Any urban authority may adopt aU or any of the sections contained in Parts II., III., IV. and V. of this Act:

Provided that, where the district contains, according

to the last published census for the time being, a

population of less than twenty thousand, the adoption

by the council of that district of

(a) those provisions in Parts II. and III. of this Act

which are mentioned in the First Schedule to

this Act; or

(b) any provision in Part V. of this Act;

shall not take effect until the consent of the Minister

of Health has been obtained thereto, and such consent

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Ch. 71.

1529

may be given by an order of the Minister and subject

to such modifications, conditions or restrictions as may

appear to him to be necessary or desirable.

4. —(1) A rural district council may adopt aU or

any of the provisions of Parts II., III. hnd IV. of this Act,

except the sections in Parts II. and III. of this Act which

are mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act.

(2) The Minister of Health may by order apply to

any rural district, or contributory place therein, any

provision in Parts II. to V. or Part VIII. of this Act, in the

same manner as provisions of the Public Health Act, 1875,

which apply to urban districts, may be applied to rural

districts, or contributory places therein, and section two

hundred and seventy-six of that Act shall be extended

accordingly.

(3) Before any application is made to the Minister

of Health for an order under this section, notice of the intended application, specif 3 dng the provisions of this Act in respect of which an order is desired, shall be

inserted by the applicants for the order once at least in one

or more of the newspapers circulating within the area to

which the application relates in each of two successive

weeks.

5. —(1) The adoption by a local authority of aU or

any of the provisions of Parts II. to V. of this Act shall be

by a resolution of the local authority passed in accordance

with the provisions contained in the Third Schedule to

this Act, and upon a resolution of adoption coming into

operation the provisions of this Act to which it extends

shall apply to the district of the local authority.

(2) A copy of a resolution passed by a local authority

adopting any provision of this Act, certified as a true

copy under the hand of the clerk to the local authority,

shall be received as evidence in all legal proceedings of the resolution having been passed by the local authority.

6. The Minister of Health may, by order made on

the application of any local authority, make such amendments or adaptations of any local Act as may aj)pear

to him to be necessary for the purpose of bringing the

provisions of that Act into conformity with the provisions

of this Act, and any order so made shall operate as if

enacted in this Act.

Application

of Parts II.

to V. in rural

districts.

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 55.

Mode of

adoption by

local

authorities.

Amendment

or adaptation of local

Acts, &c.

1530

Ch. 71.

Pvhlic Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Application

of certain

provisions of

Part I. of

7 Edw. VII.

c. 53, and

interpretation.

Appeals to

petty

sessional

court.

Repeals.

Crown

rights.

7. —(1) The provisions of Part I. of the Public Health

Acts Amendment Act, 1907, which are specified in the

Fourth Schedule to this Act, shall, as amended by any

subsequent enactment, apply for the purposes of this Act, with the substitution of references to this Act for

the references therein to that Act.

(2) In this Act the expression "local Act " includes

an Act for the confirmation of a provisional order and

the order thereby confirmed.

(3) In this Act the expression "statutory undertakers" means any person authorised by Parliament

to construct, work, or carry on any railway, canal,

inland navigation, dock, harbour, tramway, gas, electricity, water, or other public undertaking.

8. Where any enactment in this Act provides for

an appeal to a petty sessional court against a notice,

determination, requirement, order or intended order of

‘a local authority under this Act—

(1) Notice in writing of the appeal and of the

grounds thereof shall be given by the appellant

to the clerk to the local authority;

(2) The court may make such order in the matter

as they consider reasonable, and may award

costs to be recoverable as a civil debt;

(3) No proceeding shall be taken by the local

authority, or work executed, until after the

determination or abandonment of the appeal;

(4) Notice of the right of appeal shall be endorsed

on the order of the local authority and on any

notice communicating their determination, requirement or intended order.

9. —(1) As from the date on which a scale of charges

is authorised by a local authority in accordance with the

provisions of Part IX. of this Act, the enactments set

out in Part I. of the Fifth Schedule to this Act shall

cease to have effect so far as relates to the area of that

authority to the extent mentioned in the third column

of that Part of that Schedule.

(2) The enactments set out in Part II. of the Fifth

Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Part of that Schedule.

10. Without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of section twelve of the Public Health Acts

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Ch. 71.

1531

Amendment Act, 1907, nothing in this Act shall affect

any privilege of the Postmaster-General under the Telegraph Act, 1869, or any works or apparatus belonging

to him, or any power conferred on the Minister of

Transport by the London Traffic Act, 1924.

11. Nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect the

powers of any railway company or the owners, trustees,

or conservators, acting under powers conferred by Parliament, of any canal, iffiand navigation, dock, or harbour,

under any enactment to culvert or cover in any stream

or watercourse, or shall extend to any culvert or covering

of a stream or watercourse constructed by a railway

company or by any such body of persons, and used for

the purposes of the railway, canal, inland navigation,

dock, or harbour, unless the consent of such company

or persons is obtained by the local authority.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 73.

14 & 15

Geo. 6. C.34.

Saving for

culverts, &c.

of railway

companies,

&c.

12. The powers conferred by Part V. of this Act Saving for

shall not, without the written consent of the London ^reams.

County Council, be exercised with respect to any stream,

watercourse, ditch, or culvert which, by the Metropolis county

Management Act, 1855, is vested in that Council as a Council,

sewer. 18 & 19 Vict.

Part IT.

0 . 120 .

Streets and Buildings.

Street Bins, Drinking Fountains, Fire Alarms, c&c.

13. —(1) The local authority may provide and Street bins,

maintain in or under any street, orderly bins or other

receptacles, of such dimensions and in such position as

the local authority may from time to time determine,

for the collection and temporary deposit of street refuse

and waste paper, or the storage of sand, cinders, grit or

shingle.

(2) Nothing in this section shall be taken as empowering the local authority to hinder the reasonable

use of the street by the public or any person entitled

to use the same, or as empowering the local authority to

exercise their powers under this section in such a way

as to create a nuisance to any adjacent owner or

occupier.

14. The local authority and any person with their Public

consent and subject to such conditions as they may drinking

impose may, in proper and convenient situations in any

street or public place, erect and maintain seats and in^treet

1532

Fire alarms.

Main roads

and premises of

statutory

undertakers.

Notice to

urban

authority

before street

is named.

Ch. 71. Pvhlic Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

drinking fountains for the use of the public and troughs

for watering horses or cattle.

15. —-(1) The local authority may erect or fix and

maintain fire alarms, in such positions in any street or

public place as they think proper, after consultation with

the pohee authority for the poHce district in which the

fire alarms are to be erected or fixed.

(2) In this section the expression "police district "

means any district for which there is a separate police

force.

16. —(1) The powers conferred on the local

authority by the foregoing sections of this Part of this Act shall not be exercised in relation to any street

which is a main road maintained by a county council,

without the consent of the county council or so as to

obstruct or render less convenient the access to or exit

from any station or goods yard belonging to a railway

company, or any premises belonging to other statutory

undertakers and used for the purposes of their undertaking, nor shall the local authority place any street bin

on any bridge carr 3 dng any street or road over a railway

or under any bridge carr 5 dng a railway over any street or

within ten feet of the abutments of any such bridge

without the consent of the proprietors of such railway.

(2) This section shall extend to any area in which

any of the foregoing sections in this Part of this Act

may be in force.

Naming of Streets.

17. -(1) Before any street is given a name, notice

of the proposed name shall be sent to the urban authority

by the person proposing to name the street.

(2) The urban authority, within one month after

the receipt of such notice, may, by notice in writing

served on the person by whom notice of the proposed

name of the street was sent, object to the proposed name.

(3) It shall not be lawful to set up in any street an

inscription of the name thereof—

(a) until the expiration of one month after notice

of the proposed name has been sent to the

urban authority under this section; and

(b) where the urban authority have objected to the

proposed name, unless and until such objection

has been withdrawn by the urban authority or

overruled on appeal;

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Ch. 71.

1533

and any person acting in contravention of this provision

shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds

and to a daily penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

(4) Where the urban authority serve a notice of

objection under this section, the person proposing to

name the street may, within twenty-one days after the

service of the notice, appeal against the objection to a

petty sessional court.

18. —(1) The urban authority by order may alter

the name of any street, or part of a street, or may assign

a name to any street, or part of a street, to which a name

has not been given.

(2) Not less than one month before making an order

under this section, the urban authority shall cause notice

of the intended order to be posted at each end of the

street, or part of the street, or in some conspicuous

position in the street or part affected.

(3) Every such notice shall contain a statement that

the intended order may be made by the urban authority

on or at any time after the day named in the notice, and

that an appeal will lie under tMs Act to a petty sessional

court against the intended order at the instance of any

person aggrieved.

(4) Any person aggrieved by the intended order of the local authority may, within twenty-one days after

the posting of the notice, appeal to a petty sessional

court.

(5) Upon the commencement of this section, section

twenty-one of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act,

1907, shall cease to have effect, as respects any area in

which this section is in force.

19. —(1) The urban authority shall cause the name

of every street to be painted, or otherwise marked, in a

conspicuous position on any house, building or erection

in or near the street, and shall from time to time alter or

renew such inscription of the name of any street, if and

when the name of the street is altered or the inscription

becomes illegible.

(2) If any person destroys, puUs down or defaces

any inscription of the name of a street which has lawfully

been set up, or sets up in any street any name different

from the name lawfully given to the street, or places

or affixes any notice or advertisement within twelve

Alteration of

name of

street.

Indication

of name

of street.

1534

Ch. 71.

Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

10 & 11 Vict,

c. 34.

Courts, &c.

to be paved

and drained.

33 & 54 Vict,

c. 69.

Prevention

of water

flowing on

footpath.

inclies of any name of a street marked on a house,

building, or erection in pursuance of this section, he

shall be hable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds

and to a daily penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

(3) Upon the commencement of this section, so much

of section one hundred and sixty of the Public Health

Act, 1875, as incorporates with that Act the provisions

of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, with respect

to naming the streets, shall cease to have effect within

any area in which this section is in force.

Surface Drainage of Courts, Streets, <fcc.

20. —(1) Section twenty-five of the Public Health

Acts Amendment Act, 1907 (which provides for the

execution of works for the effectual drainage of the

subsoil or surface of a yard, in connection with and

exclusively belonging to a dwelling-house) shall extend to

any court, yard or passage (not being a highway repairable

by the inlxabitants at large) which is used in common by

the occupiers of two or more dwelling-houses, whether such

dwelling-houses belong to the same or different owners.

(2) Where under the said section, as extended by

this section, the local authority have executed works on

the default of the owners of dwelling-houses and the

dwelling-houses belong to different owners, the expenses

incurred by the local authority in the execution of the

works shall be apportioned between the owners in such

shares as may be determined by the surveyor, or (in

case of dispute) by a court of summary jurisdiction, and

in default of payment any share so apportioned may be

recovered summarily as a civil debt from the owner on

whom it is apportioned.

(3) Upon the commencement of this section, any

byelaws made by the local authority under section

twenty-three of the Public Health Acts Amendment

Act, 1890, with respect to the paving of yards and open

spaces in connection with dwelling-houses, shall cease to

have effect in any area in which this section comes into

force.

21. —(1) The owner of any premises abutting on a

street within an urban district shall, within twenty-eight

days after the service of a notice in writing by the urban

authority requiring him so to do, execute and thereafter

maintain such down-pipes, channels or gutters as may

1925. Public Health Act, 1925. Ch. 71. I 535

be necessary to prevent, so far as is reasonably practicable, surface water from the premises flowing on to,

or over, the footpath of the street, and if he fails to do so

he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds

and to a daily penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

(2) The provisions of this section shall be in addition

to and not in derogation of the pro\isions of section

seventy-four of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act,

1847.

22.—(1) The urban authority may give notice to For pre-

the owner or occupier of any lands abutting upon any venting

street wdthin their district which is repairable by the

inhabitants at large, requiring him, within twenty-eight

days after the service of the notice, so to fence off, streets. °

channel or embank the lands as to prevent soil or refuse

from such lands from falling upon, or being washed or

carried into the street, or into any sewer or gully therein,

in such quantities as will obstruct the highway or choke

up such sewer or gully.

(2) Any person to whom a notice under this section

is addressed who shall fail, within twenty-eight days after

the service of the notice, to execute the works therein

specified shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five

poxmds and to a daily penalty not exceeding twenty

shillings.

Obstructions, <bc. to Persons using Streets.

23.—(1) Where any tree, hedge or shrub overhangs Lopping of

any street or footpath so as to obstruct or interfere trees over-

' with the light from any public lamp, or to endanger banging

or obstruct the passage of vehicles or foot passengers highways,

or to obstruct the view of drivers of vehicles, the

local authority may serve a notice on the owner of the

tree, hedge or shrub, or on the occupier of the premises

on which such tree, hedge or shrub is growing, requiring

him to lop or cut the tree, hedge or shrub within fourteen

days so as to prevent such obstruction or interference, and

in defaxdt of compliance the local authority may themselves carry out the requisition of their notice, doing no

unnecessary damage, and may recover summarily as

a civil debt the cost from the owner or occupier upon

whom the notice was served.

(2) The powers conferred on the local authority by

this section shall, as respects any main road maintained

1536

Ch. 71.

Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Projections

• against or

in front of

houses or

buildings.

Restriction

on placing

rails, beams,

&o. over

streets.

Byelaws

as to wires,

&c. connected with

by a county council, be exercisable by the county

council instead of by the local authority, and any

expenses incurred by a county council under this section

shall be defrayed as expenses for general county ppr:

poses.

(3) Any person aggrieved by any requirement of the local authority or county council under this section

may appeal to a petty sessional cotmt within fourteen *

days after the service of such notice.

24. Any projection erected or placed against or in

front of any house or building, which by reason of being

insecurely fixed or of defective construction or other-

wise, is a source of danger to persons lawfully using

a street within an urban district, shall, for the purposes

of sections sixty-nine and seventy of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, as incorporated with the Public

Health Act, 1875, be deemed to be an obstruction to the safe or convenient passage along the street, and

those sections, including the penal provisions thereof, shall

apply accordingly.

25. —(1) It shall not be lawful for any person to

fix or place any overhead rail, beam, pipe, cable, wire or

other similar apparatus over, along, or across any street,

without the consent of the local authority, and any

such consent shall be in writing under the hand of the

clerk, and may contain such reasonable terms and

conditions as the local authority think fit.

(2) Any person acting in contravention of the

provisions of this section, or of the terms and conditions

(if any) of such consent, shall be liable to a penalty

not exceeding five pounds and to a daily penalty not

exceeding twenty shillings.

(3) Nothing in this section shall extend to any works

or apparatus belonging to any statutory undertakers.

(4) Upon the commencement of this section Part II.

of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890, shall

cease to have effect as respects any area in which this

section is in force, but any byelaws made by the local

authority under that Part of that Act shall nevertheless

remain in force as respects that area until revoked by a

resolution of the local authority.

26. —(1) The local authority may make byelaws

for the prevention of danger or obstruction to persons

using any street or public place from posts, wires.

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Cf. 71.

1537

tubes, aerials or any other apparatus, in connection -with

or for the purposes of wireless telegraphy or telephony

installations, stretched or placed, whether before or after

the commencement of this section, on or over any

premises and liable to fall on to any street or public

place.

In this section the expression "public place " includes any public park or garden, and any ground to

which the public have or are permitted to have access,

whether on payment or otherwise.

(2) Nothing in any byelaws made under this section

shall extend to any apparatus belonging to any statutory

undertakers.

Bridges over or in Streets.

27.—(1) The local authority may grant to the

owner or occupier of any premises abutting upon any

street a licence to construct and use a way by means

of a bridge over that street for such period and on such

terms and conditions as to the local authority may seem

fit:

Provided that—

(a) No fine, rent or other sum of money (except

a reasonable sum in respect of legal or other

expenses incurred) shall be payable for or in

respect of the licence:

(b) The licence shall not authorise any interference with the convenience of persons using

the street, or affect the rights of the owners

of the property abutting on the street or the

rights of any tramway, railway, dock, harbour

or electricity undertakers acting under powers

conferred by Parliament:

(c) It shall be a condition of every such licence

that the owner of the premises, or if the

licence is granted to the occupier, the occupier

shall, at the request of the local authority

and at his own expense, remove or alter such

bridge in such manner as the local authority

require, in the event of their considering

such removal or alteration necessary or desirable in connection with the carrying out of

improvements to the street at any time, and

the decision of the local authority that such

5 E

■wireless

installations.

Power to

ant

licences for

bridges over

streets.

1538

Ch. 71.

Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

41 & 42 Vict,

c. 76.

Erection

of bridge

forming

part of new

street.

removal or alteration is necessary or desu'able

shall be final and conclusive, and this eondition

may be enforced by the local authority

against the owner for the time being of the

premises:

(d) For the purposes- of section seven of the

Telegraph Act, 1878, any work authorised or

required by a licence under this section shall

bo deemed to be work done in the execution

of an undertaking authorised by an Act of

Parliament, and for the purposes of the

placing or maintenance of overground telegraphic lines under the powers conferred by

the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1925, a bridge

constructed or used in accordance with a

licence under this section shall be deemed to

be part of any street or road which it crosses.

(2) If any person (except in the exercise of

statutory powers) constructs a bridge over any street

without such licence, or constructs or uses a bridge

otherwise than in accordance with the terms and conations of the licence, or fails to remove or alter a bridge

w'hen required so to do under this section, or fails to

remove a bridge in accordanee with a term or eondition

of the licence or wdthin one month after the expiration of the licence, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding

twenty pounds and to a daily penalty not exceeding five

pounds.

28.—(1) No person (except in the exercise of

statutory pownrs) shall construet a bridge to carry

a new street unless the bridge and its approaches

are of such width and gradients as are approved by the

local authority, and are constructed in accordance with

specifications, plans and sections so approved.

(2) If any person acts in contravention of this

section he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding

twenty poimds, and the local authority may remove,

alter or puU down any work begun or done in contravention of this section, and may recover the expenses

incurred by them in so doing from such person in a

summary manner as a civil debt.

(3) The requirements of this section shall be in

substitution for the requirements of any byelaws of the

local authority applying to bridges and made before the

commencement of this section.

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Ch. 71.

1539

New Streets.

29. A street may be deemed to be a new street Gontinua-

for the purpose of the application of any byelaws of the Won of

local authority with respect to new streets, or of any existing

provision in a local Act with respect to the width of new

streets notwithstanding that it is a continuation of an

existing street.

30. —(1) Where it appears to the local authority Declaration

that the whole or any portion of an existing highway of street as a.

will be converted into a new street as a consequence street,

of building operations Avhich have been, or are likely to

be, undertaken in the vicinity, the local authority may

by order declare such highway, or such portion thereof as

may be specified in the order, to be a new street for the

purpose of the application thereto of their byelaws with

respect to new streets or of any provision in a local Act

with respect to the width of new streets.

(2) Not less than one month before making an

order under this section, the local authority shall cause

notice of the intended order to be posted at each end of the street, or part of the street, or in some conspicuous

position in the street or part affected.

(3) Every such notice shall contain a statement that

the intended order may be made by the local authority

on or at any time after the day named in the notice,

and that an appeal to quarter sessions vtII lie under

this Act against the order at the instance of any person

aggrieved.

(4) Upon an order under this section coming into

operation any person who shall commence to erect a

new building upon land abutting on or adjoining the

highway, or portion of the highway, by the order declared

to be a new street, shall, in relation to that land, be deemed

to be laying out a new street within the meaning of the

byelaws of the local authority with respect to new streets,

or of any provision in a local Act with respect to the

width of new streets.

(5) Nothing in this section shall extend to a building

(other than a dwelling-house) erected by a railway

company in the exercise of their statutory powers and

occupied or used for the purposes of their railway, or

erected by the owners, trustees or conservators, acting

under powers conferred by Parliament, of any canal,

5 E 2

1540

Width of

streets in

certain

cases.

9&10

Oeo. 5. c. 57.

Ch. 71. Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

inland navigation, dock or harbour, and occupied or

used for the purposes of the canal, inland navigation,

dock or harbour.

31.—(1) Whenever application shall be made to the local authority to approve the plans of a new street,

in pursuance of any byelaw or enactment requiring a

plan to be submitted to the local authority, and such new

street in the opinion of the local authority will form—

(a) a main thoroughfare or a continuation of a main

thoroughfare, or means of communication between main thoroughfares in their district; or

(b) a continuation of a main approach, or means of

communication between main approaches, to

their district;

the local authority may, as a condition of their approval,

require that the new street shall be formed of such width

as they may determine:

Provided that, if such width exceeds by more than

twenty feet the maximum width prescribed for a new

street by any byelaw or enactment with respect to the

width of new streets which may be in force in the area,

the local authority shall make compensation for any loss

or damage which may be sustained by reason of the

street being required to be a width greater than twenty

feet in excess of such maximum width.

(2) The amount of such compensation shall, in

default of agreement, be determined by arbitration in

accordance with the provisions of the Acquisition of

Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, but in

estimating the amount of any such compensation, the

benefits accruing to the person to whom the same shall

be payable by reason of the widening of the street, shall

be fairly estimated and shall be set off against the

compensation.

(3) Nothing in this section shall empower the local

authority to require any person to defray any greater

expense in the execution of any street works than would

have been payable, if the street had been of no greater

width than the width prescribed as aforesaid by any

byelaw or enactment, and the additional expense incurred

in the execution of street works by reason of the street

being of such greater width, shall be certified by the

surveyor, or in case of dispute shall be determnaed by a

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Ch. 71.

1541

petty sessional court, and shall be borne by the local

authority.

(4) The local authority shall determine in any case

to which this section apphes the jjroportion of the width

of any such new street to be laid out as a carriageway,

or as’a footway or footways, and any such new street

shall be formed accordingly.

32.—(1) Where an owner proposes to lay out a new

street upon land which adjoins or abuts on an existing

highway, and buildings have been or are about to be

erected on one side only of that highway, the local

authority, m any case in which they are empowered to

require such owner to wden the existing highway to the

width prescribed for a new street by any byelaw or

enactment with respect to the width of new streets

(which width is in this section referred to as " the prescribed width") may, instead of requiring the existing

highway to be widened to the prescribed width, by

order permit such owner to widen the highway to such

less width as may be specified in the order, so, however,

that the distance between the centre line of the existing

highway and the boundary (as extended) of the highway

on the side adjoining the land of such owner shall not

be less than one-half of the prescribed width.

(2) Notwithstanding anjdhing in section seven of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907, as applied

by this Act, an appeal shah, not lie to a court of quarter

sessions against the withholding or refusal by the local

authority of an order under this section.

(3) Not less than twenty-one days before the local

authority make an order under this section, notice of the

proposed order shall be sent by the local authority to the owner of the land to which the order will relate, and

to any owner of land which adjoins or abuts on the other

side of the existing highway opposite the land to which

the order wiU relate.

(4) If and when building shall commence on the

land last mentioned, the owner of that land shall complete the widening of the existing highway to the prescribed \vidth, and if he fails to do so, he shall be hable

to a penalty not exceeding five pounds and to a daily

penalty not exceeding forty shillings:

Provided that this subsection shall not impose on

any such owner an obligation to pull down any building

Width of

street where

buildings

erected on

one side of

street.

1542

Power to

prescribe

improvement line

for widening

streets.

Ch. 71. Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

erected before the date of the order of the local authority

under this section.

Street Improvements.

33.—(1) Where in the opinion of the . local

authority—

(a) any street repairable by the inhabitants at large

is narrow or inconvenient, or without any

sufficiently regular boundary Hne; or

(b) it is necessary or desirable that such street shall

be widened;

the local authority may prescribe in relation to either

side of the street, or at or within a distance of fifteen

yards from any street comer, the line to which the

street shall be widened (in this section called " the

improvement line ").

(2) Any improvement hne which the local authority

propose to prescribe shall be marked and shown on a

plan (in this section called " the improvement plan ")

to be signed by the clerk, and the plan shall be •deposited

at the offices of the local authority, and shall be open,

during ordinary office hours, for a period of one month

after its deposit, to inspection, free of charge, by any

person interested.

(3) Upon the depdsit of the improvement plan,

the local authority shall give notice in vTiting of such

deposit, and of the liabilities imposed by this section,

to every occupier and owner of land interested, whose

name and address can be reasonably ascertained by them,

and where the name and address cannot after diligent

inquiry be ascertained by them, by affixing the notice to the premises.

(4) The local authority shall consider any objection

made to a proposed improvement line, and not less than

six weeks after the date on which notice of the deposit

of the improvement plan was given to owners and

occupiers, the authority may by resolution prescribe an

improvement line, and the line so prescribed shall be

shown on a plan duly sealed and authenticated and shall

be the improvement line for the purposes of this section.

(5) No new building, erection or excavation shall,

after an improvement line has been prescribed, be placed

or made nearer to the centre line of the street than the

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Ch. 71.

1543

improvement line, except with the consent of the local

authority, which consent may be given for such period

and subject to such terms and conditions as they may

deem expedient:

Provided that the foregoing prohibition shall not

affect any right of statutory undertakers to make any

excavation for the purpose of laying, altering, maintaining, repairing or renewing any main, pipe, electric

line, cable, duct or other work or apparatus.

(6) Any person whose property is injuriously affected

by the prescribing of an improvement line shall be entitled

to obtain compensation in respect of such injurious

affection from the local authority:

Provided that a person shall not be entitled to obtain

compensation on account of any building erected, or

contract made or other thing done after the date of the

deposit under this section of the improvement plan,

not being work done for the purpose of finishing a

building begun or of carrying out a contract entered

into before that date.

(7) The amount of such compensation shall, in

default of* agreement, be determined by arbitration in

accordance with the provisions of the Acquisition of

Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919:

Provided that, in determining the amount of such

compensation, the arbitrator may take into account

and embody in his award any undertaking with regard

to the exercise of tlxeir powers under this section in

relation to the property affected, which the local

authority have offered to give to the claimant, and

the terms of any undertaking so embodied in the award

shall be binding on and enforceable against the local

authority.

(8) The local authority may purchase any land

not occupied by buildings, lying between the improvement

line and the boundary of the street, or any interest in

such land, and the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts,

including the provisions with respect to the purchase

and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement,

except sections ninety-two and one hundred and twenty-

three of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, 8 & 9 Vict,

shall extend to such land or interest in land. c-18.

(9) Any land purchased under the preceding subsection shall be added to the street, and until the land

is so added, the occupier of the land from which it is

1544 Ch. 71. Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5,

severed, and other persons with his permission, shall

be entitled to reasonable access across the land so

purchased to and from the street, and shall have the

same rights in regard to the laying, altering, maintaining,

repairing and renewing of drains, mains, pipes or electric

lines in such land as if the same were part of the street.

(10) In the assessment of compensation for injurious

affection, or in respect of a purchase of land, under this

section, the benefits accruing to the person to whom

the same shall be payable, by reason of the widening

or improvement of the street, shall be fairly estimated

and shall be set off against the compensation.

(11) Any compensation for injurious affection payable by a local authority under the foregoing provisions

of this section may be recovered summarily as a

civil debt.

(12) If after an improvement line has been prescribed

by the local authority, any person offends against the

provisions of this section, he shall, without prejudice to

any other proceedings which may be available against

him, be Kable to a penalty not exceeding fi\^e pounds

and to a daily penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

(13) Nothing in this section contained shall apply

to or affect—

(a) any property occupied or used by a railway

company for the purposes of their railway

without the consent of the company; or

(b) any property vested in the owners, trustees

or conservators, acting under powers conferred

upon them by Parliament, of any canal, inland

navigation, dock or harbour, and used for the

purposes of the canal, inland navigation, dock

or harbour, unless the consent of such persons

is obtained by the local authority; or

(c) any land specifically authorised by Parliament

to be used for the manufacture or storage of

gas, the generation of electricity, or as a

pumping station or reservoir for water, unless

the consent of the undertakers is obtained by

the local authority;

Provided that any consent required by this subsection shall not be unreasonably withheld, and any

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Ch. 71.

1545

question whether or not such consent has been unreasonably withheld shall be determined by the Minister

of Health.

34, —(1) The powers conferred on the local authority by the last preceding section may be exercised by

the county councd as respects any main road maintained

by the county council, and in relation to any main road

so maintained the provisions of that section shall have

effect with the substitution of the county council for the

local authority:

Provided that the county council shall consult the

district council before the preparation by them of an

improvement plan with respect to any main road

maintained by the county council.

(2) The county council may contribute towards

expenses incurred under the last preceding section by

the local authority of any district within their area.

(3) Any expenses incurred by a county council

under this section shall be defrayed as expenses for

general county purposes, and money may be borrowed

by a county council for the purposes of this section

subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the

Local Government Act, 1888.

Private Street Works.

35. Upon the exercise by an urban authority of the powers of section one hundred and fifty of the Public

Health Act, 1875, or of the Private Street Works Act,

1892, as the case may be, in relation to any street, the

urban authority shall have power to require a variation

of the relative widths of the carriageway and footway

or footways of the street;

Provided that no greater charge shall be imposed on

a frontager by reason of any such variation than could

have been imposed in respect of a carriageway or footway

of the width prescribed for a new street of the same class

by any byelaw or enactment with respect to the width of

new streets which applied to the street when it was laid

out, and any sum in excess of that charge shall be borne

by the urban authority.

Extension

to county-

councils of

preceding

section.

61 & 62 Vict,

c. 41. .

Power to

vary -width

of carriageway and

footway on

making'up

private

street.

55 & 56 Vict,

c. 57.

1546

Reconstruction of

drains.

Power of

local authority to lay

drains in

private

streets.

Execution

by local

authority of

drainage

works.

Ch. 71. Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Part III.

Sanitary Provisions.

36. Where any person has been convicted of causing

a di’ain to be constructed in contravention of section

twenty-five of the Public Health Act, 1875, the court may,

in addition to or in lieu of imposing a penalty under that

section, order that the drain shall be laid, relaid, amended

or remade by him, as the case may require, in accordance

with the provisions of the said section, and if he does not

comply with the order within the time limited by the

order for the purpose, the local authority may cause the

dram to be laid, relaid, amended or remade, as the case

may require, and may recover in a summary manner as

a civil debt from such person the expenses incurred by

them in so doing.

37. The local authority may, if they think fit, by

agi'eement with and at the expense of any person owning

or occupying premises abutting on any street not being

a highway repairable by the inhabitants at large, lay

down, take up, or relay or renew in, across or along the

street, such drains as may be requisite or proper for

connecting the premises with any sewer which has been

laid in the street, doing as httle damage as may be and

making compensation for any damage done by them.

38. —(1) Where notice is given to the local authority

under section twenty-one of the Public Health Act,

1875, by an owner or occupier of premises, of his intention

to cause his drains to empty into the sewers of the

authority, the local authority shall be entitled, if they

think fit, in heu of appointing under that section a person

to superintend the making of the communication between

the drain and the sewer, themselves to make the

communication.

(2) Before any work is executed by the local

authority under this section, the cost, or the estimated

cost, of making the communication between the drain

and the sewer, shall be paid to the local authority, or

security for the payment shall be given to the satisfaction

of the local authority.

(3) If any payment made to the local authority

under the preceding subsection of this section exceeds

the total expense incurred by the local authority in the

Ch. 71.

1647

1925. Public Health Act, 1925.

execution of the work, the excess shall be repaid by the

local authority.

(4) The local authority may recover summarily as a

civil debt the total expense incurred by them in the

execution of the work, in so far as such expense may not

be covered by any payment made to the local authority

under the foregoing provisions of this section.

(5) The local authority may by agreement with the

owner or occupier of any premises, make, alter or enlarge

any drain or sewer, or effect any connection between a

drain and sewer, which the owner or occupier is required

or desires to make, alter, enlarge or effect.

(6) Upon the commencement of this section, section

eighteen of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890,

shall be repealed as respects any area in which this section

is in force.

39.—(1) It shall not be lawful for any person. Notice of

except in case of emergency, to reconstruct or alter the intention to

course of any drain which communicates with a sewer or

with a cesspool or any other receptacle for drainage, drains,

without giving to the urban authority at least twenty-four

hours previous notice in writing of his intention so to do.

(2) Where any such works are executed without

notice in a case of emergency, it shall not be lawful for any ,

person to cover over the drain without giving to the urban

authority at least twenty-fom* hours previous notice in

writing of his intention so to do.

(3) Free access to the drain or the work of

reconstruction or alteration, shall be afforded to the

surveyor, or sanitary inspector, or any officer of the urban

authority authorised in writing by the urban authority for

the purpose of inspection.

(4) Any person who contravenes or fails to comply

with the requirements of this section shall for each offence

be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

(5) Nothing in this section shall extend to any

drain constructed by or belonging to, or which may

hereafter be constructed by or belong to, a railway

company and situate under, across or along their

railway.

(6) Nothing in this section shall extend to any

drain which is vested in the owners, trustees or conservators, acting under powers conferred by Parliament,

of any dock or harbour.

1548

Ch. 71.

Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Power to

require

specially

enlarged

sewer in new

street.

Prevention

of entry of

petrol, &c.

into sewer.

42 & 43 Vict,

c, 47.

Ventilation

of soil pipes.

Nuisance

caused by

occupation

of tents,

vans, &c.

48 & 49 Vict,

c. 72.

40. If in any street not repairable by the inhabitants

at large, the local authority shall require, for the purpose

of main drainage or otherwise, a larger sewer to be made

than cotild lawfully be required by them under any enactment relating to private street works which applies to the street, the person by whom the sewer is made shall

construct an enlarged sewer in accordance with the

requirements of the local authority, and the additional

cost thereof, as certified by the surveyor, or in the case of

dispute as determined by a petty sessional court, shall be

paid to such person by the local authority.

41. —(1) Every person who wilfuUy or negligently

empties, turns or permits to enter, into any sewer, or any

drain communicating wdth a sewer, any petroleum spirit

or carbide of calcium, shall be liable to a penalty not

exceeding ten pounds and to a daily penalty not exceeding

five pounds.

(2) In this section the expression "petroleum

spirit " means—

(a) any crude petroleum;

(b) any oil made from petroleum, coal, shale, peat

or other bituminous substances; and

(c) any products of petroleum and mixtures containing petroleum;

which, when tested iri manner set forth in the First

Schedule to the Petroleum Act, 1879, gives off an inflammable vapour at a temperature of less than seventy-

three degrees of Fahrenheit’s thermometer.

42. Where it appears to the local authority, on the

report of the surveyor or the sanitary inspector, that

the soil pipe in connection with a watercloset of a house

is not properly ventilated, the watercloset shall not be

deemed to be a sufficient watercloset for the purposes

of section thirty-six of the Public Health Act, 1875.

43. —(1) Subsection (1) of section nine of the

Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1885 (which relates

to tents, vans, sheds and similar structures used for

human habitation), shall extend to any tent, van, shed

or similar structure, which is used for human habitation

in such a way as to be a nuisance or injurious to health,

or to cause a nuisance or give rise to conditions injurious to health.

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Ch. 71.

1549

(2) The powers of the court under section ninety-six

of the Public Health Act, 1875, to make orders dealing

with nuisances shall, in the ease of a nuisance caused

by or in connection with a tent, van, shed, or similar

structure used for human habitation, include power to

prohibit the use of the structure for human habitation

at such places or within such area as may be specified

in the order.

(3) On any proceedings for the recovery of a penalty

for the contravention of byelaws made under subsection

(2) of section nine of the Housing of the Working Classes

Act, 1885, the court, in addition to or instead of inflicting a penalty, may make an order prohibiting the

use for human habitation of the tent, van, shed or other

structure, in connection with which the contravention

occurred, at such places or within such area as may be

specified in the order."

44.—(1) In the application to an urban district of

any provisions of the Public Health Acts, 1875 to 1907,

with respect to the establishment of an offensive trade,

or with respect to an offensive trade established before

or after a specified time, and of any byelaws made

under those provisions, a trade shall be deemed to be

established not only when it is established in the first

instance, but also if and when—

(a) it is transferred or extended from the premises

on which it is for the time being carried on to

other premises; or

(b) it is resumed on any premises on which it was

previously carried on, after it has been discontinued for more than six months; or

(c) the premises on which it is carried on are

enlarged;

but a change in the ownership or occupation of the

premises on which a trade is carried on, or the re-

iDuilding of such premises when they have been whoUy

or partially pulled down or burnt down, without any

extension of the area, shall not be deemed to be an

establishment of the business for the purposes aforesaid.

(2) Any consent of the urban authority under section

one hundred and twelve of the Public Health Act, 1875,

to the establishment of an offensive trade, may be given

so as to authorise the carrying on of the trade for a

limited period specified in the consent, and for such

Establishment of

offensive

trade or

business.

1550

Verminous

articles.

Verminous

houses.

Ch. 71. Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

extension thereof as may from time to time be granted

by the local authority, and any person carrying on the

trade after the expiration of the period so specified, or

any such extension thereof, as the case may be, shall be

liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds and to a

daily penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

Part IV.

Verminotjs Premises, &c.

45. —(1) If it appears to the local authority, on the

certificate of the medical officer or sanitary inspector,

that any articles in any premises used for human

habitation in the district are infested with vermin, or

by reason of their having been used by, or having been

in contact with, any person infested with vermin, are

likely to be so infested, the local authority at their

expense may cause such articles to be cleansed, disinfected or destroyed, and if necessary for that purpose to

be removed from the premises.

(2) Where a person sustains damage by reason of the exercise by the local authority of their powers under

this section, and the condition of the article with respect

to which those powers have been exercised is not

attributable to his act or default, the local authority

shall make reasonable compensation to that person.

46. —(1) If it appears to the local authority, on the

certificate of the medical officer or sanitary inspector,

that any premises used for human habitation in the

district are infested with vermin, the local authority

may give written notice to the occupier of the premises,

or if the premises be vacant to the owner of the

premises, requiring him within a period specified in the

notice to cleanse the premises, and the notice may

require, among other things, the removal of wallpaper or

other covering on the walls, and the taking of such other

steps as the local authority may require for the purpose

of destroying or removing vermin:

Provided that, where any work required by the

notice is work for which the owner of the premises

is under the tenancy responsible, the notice requiring the

work to be performed may be given by the local authority

to the owner of the premises.

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Ch. 71.

1551

(2) If the person on whom a notice tmder this

section is served fails within the period specified in the

notice to comply with the requirements thereof, he shall

be hable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds and to a

daily penalty not exceeding ten shillings, and the local

authority may, after the expiration of the said period,

themselves carry out the work required by the notice, •

and recover the reasonable costs and expenses incurred

by them in a summary manner from that person.

(3) If any person, upon whom a notice is served

under this section, deems himseh aggrieved by the

requirements of the notice, he may within fourteen days

after the service of the notice, appeal to a petty sessional

court, and any order made by the court shall be binding

and conclusive on all parties.

47. Sections oner hundred and two and one hundred Powers of

and three of the Public Health Act, 1875 (which relate ofiScers of

respectively to the power of entry by a local authority in local autho-

case of nuisances, and the penalty for disobedience to an "

order for admission to premises), shall apply and have

effect as if references therein to nuisances included

references to articles and premises infested, or suspected

of being infested, with vermin, and as if references to

that Act included references to this Part of this Act.

48.—(1) Upon the application of any person, the Cleansing of

local authority may, if they think fit, take such measures verminous

as may, in their opinion, be necessary to free that person

and his clothing from vermin.

(2) Where it appears to the local authority, on a

report from the medical officer, that any person, or the

clothing of any person, is infested with vermin and that

person consents to be removed to a cleansing station,

the local authority may cause him to be removed to

such station, and, if he does not so consent, then a petty

sessional court, if satisfied on the application of the local

authority that it is necessary that he or his clothing

should be cleansed, may make an order for his removal

to a cleansing station and for his detention therein for

such period and subject to such conditions as may be

specified in the order.

(3) Where a person has been removed to a cleansing

station in pursuance of the last preceding subsection, the

local authority shall take such measures as may, in their

155 *

60 & 61 Vict,

c. 31.

Provision of

cleansing

stations,

&c., and

expenses.

Ch. 71. Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

opinion, be necessary to free him and his clothing from

vermin.

(4) Any consent required to be given for the purposes

of this section may, in the case of a person under the age

of sixteen years, be given on his behalf b}'’ his parent or

guardian.

(5) The cleansing of females under this section shall

be effected only by a registered medical practitioner, or

by a woman duly authorised by the medical officer.

(6) No charge shall be made by the local authority

in respect of the cleansing of a person, or of his removal

to or his maintenance in a cleansing station under this

section; and such cleansing, removal and maintenance

shall not be considered to be parochial relief or charitable

allowance to the person cleansed, removed or maintained,

or to the parent of such person, and neither he nor his

parent shall by reason thereof be deprived of any right

or privilege, or be subject to any disqualification or

disability.

(7) Any person who wilfully disobeys or obstructs

the execution of an order under this section shall be

liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

(8) Upon the commencement of this section, the

local authority shall cease to be the local authority for

the purpose of the Cleansing of Persons Act, 1897, and

any buildings, appliances or attendants provided under

that Act by the local authority shall be treated as having

been provided by that authority under the Public Health

Acts, 1875 to 1907.

(9) The powers conferred on the local authority by

this section shall be in addition to, and not in derogation

of, any power in relation to the cleansing of children

that may be exercisable by them as local education

authority.

49.—(1) The local authority may provide such

cleansing stations, apparatus and attendants, as may

be necessary for the exercise of their powers under this

Part of this Act, and may contract with any other local

authority or person for the provision of such cleansing

stations, apparatus or attendants.

(2) Any two or more local authorities may by

agreement combine for any of the purposes of this Part

of this Act, and the agreement may provide for the

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Ch. 71.

1553

appointment of a joint committee, for the apportionment

of expenses, -and for any other matters which may be

necessary for carrying the combination into effect.

50. In this Part of this Act unless the context

otherwise requires—

The expression "premises " includes any tent, van,

shed or similar structure used for human

habitation, and any boat used for the like

purpose lying in any river, harbour, dock, canal

or other water within the district and not

within a port sanitary district;

The expression "vermin, " in its application to

insects and parasites, includes their eggs, larvae

and pupae, and the expression "verminous "

shall be construed accordingly.

Part V.

Watercourses, Streams, &c.

51. —(1) If any watercourse or ditch, situated upon

land laid out for budding or on which any land laid out

for building abuts, requires in the opinion of the urban

authority to be wholly or partially filled up or covered

over, the urban authority may by notice in writing

require the owner of the land, before any building

.operations are begun or proceeded with, to execute such

works as may in their opinion be necessary for effecting

the objects aforesaid, or for substituting for the watercourse or ditch, a pipe, drain or culvert with all necessary

guUies, pipes and means of conveying surface water

through the same.

(2) Any person who fails to comply with a

requirement of the urban authority under tMs section

shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds

and to a daily penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

(3) Nothing in this section shall authorise an urban

authority to reqxiire the execution of works upon the

land of any person, other than the owner of the land

laid out for building, without the consent of that person,

or prejudicially to affect the rights of any person not

being the owner of the land so laid out.

52. —(1) It shall not be lawful within an urban

district to culvert or cover over any stream or watercourse, except in accordance with plans and sections to

5F

Definitions

of " premises, "

" vermin, "

and " ver-

minous."

Power to

require

covering

in of watercourses and

ditches.

Streams not

to be cul-

verted or

covered over

1554

except in

accordance

with plans.

Repair and

cleansing of

culverts.

Ch. 71. Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

be submitted to and approved by the urban authority,

such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, and

if the urban authority, within six weeks after such plans

and sections have been submitted to them, shall have

failed to notify their determination in writing to the

person who submitted the same, the urban authority

shall be deemed to have approved of the plans and

sections.

(2) No requirement of an urban authority in relation

to plans and sections submitted under this section shall

operate to compel any owner to receive upon his land,

or to make provision for the passage of, a greater

quantity of water than he would have been obliged to

receive or to permit to pass but for this section.

(3) If, with the consent of the owner, the urban

authority shall require the owner to make provision for

the passage of a larger quantity of water than he is obliged

to permit to pass at the time of the commencement of

any work under this section, any additional cost occasioned by such requirement shall be borne by the urban

authority.

(4) If any difference shall arise between an mban

authority and an owner as to the expediency or necessity

of the works required by the authority to be executed

under this section, such difference may be determined

by a petty sessional court on the application of either

party.

(5) Any person who acts in contravention of this

section shall be hable to a penalty not exceeding five

pounds and to a daily penalty not exceeding forty

shillings.

53. The owner or occupier of any culvert situate

within an urban district shall from time to time repair,

maintain and cleanse the culvert, and if any such owner

or occupier fails to comply with the requirements of a

notice given to him by the urban authority to repair,

maintain or cleanse his culvert ■within a time specified

in the notice, the urban authority may execute any

necessary works of repair or maintenance, or may cleanse

such culvert, and the expenses so incurred, as certified

by the surveyor, may be recovered by the urban authority

summarily as a civil debt from the owner or occupier.

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Ch. 71.

1555

54. —(1) Any part of a watercourse which is situate Watercourse

within the district of an urban authority, and is so choked up

choked or silted up as to obstruct or impede the proper

flow of water along the same, and thereby to cause, or ^derPublic

render probable, an overflow of the watercourse on to Health Act,

land and property adjacent to the watercourse, or to 1875.

hinder the usual effectual drainage of water through the

same, shall be deemed to be a nuisance within the meaning

of section ninety-one of the Public Health Act, 1875, and

all the provisions of that Act relating to nuisances shall

apply to every such watercourse, notwithstanding that

the same may not be injurious to health:

Provided that nothing in this section shall be

deemed to impose any Habihty on any person other than

the person by whose act or default the nuisance arises or

continues.

(2) This section shall not extend to a part of a

watercourse which is ordinarily navigated by vessels

employed in the carriage of goods by water.

55. An urban authority may, if they think fit. Power of

contribute the whole or a portion of the expenses of local autho-

the execution of works for the purposes mentioned in dtyto

this Part of this Act, or may by agreement with owners of oTexecute

or occupiers themselves execute any such works, and may ^orks.

borrow, subject to the provisions of the Public Health

Acts, 1875 to 1907, the amount of any payment under

this section.

Part VI.

Recreation Grounds.

56.—(1) The following powers shall be added to the Further

powers co:^erred upon the local authority by section powers as to

seventy-six of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act, Parks and

1907 (in this section called " the principal section "),

with respect to any public park or pleasure ground provided by them or under their management and control,

namely, powers—

(a) to provide, or contribute towards the expenses

of, any concert or other entertainment given in

the park or ground;

(b) to enclose, for the purpose of such concerts and

entertainments, any part of the park or ground

not exceeding one acre or one-tenth of the

5F 2

Ch. 71.

Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

56

area of the park or ground, whichever is the

greater; and

(c) to charge for admission to any such concerts or

entertainments provided by themselves, or to

let the part of the park or ground so enclosed

to any person for the purpose of providing the

same, and to authorise that person to charge for

admission thereto:

Provided that the following restrictions shall have

effect with respect to any concert or other entertainment

provided by the local authority under this section, that

is to say:—

(1) No stage play shall be performed; and

(ii) The concert or other entertainment shall not

include any performance in the nature of a

variety entertainment; and

(iii) No cinematograph film, other than a film illustrative of questions relating to health or

disease, shall be shown; and

(iv) No scenery, theatrical costumes or scenic or

theatrical accessories shall be used.

(2) Any part of the park or ground enclosed imder

paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of the principal section

for the purposes of bands of music, may be used for any

of the purposes of concerts or other entertainments.

(3) Any expenditure of the local authority, in the

exercise of their powers to provide or contribute to a band

under subsection (1) of the principal section and any

expenditure of the local authority in the exercise of their

powers under subsection (1) of this section, shall not

when added together exceed in any one year an amount

equal to that which would be produced by a rate of

one penny in the pound on the property liable to be

assessed for the purpose of the rate out of which the

expenses of the park or ground are payable, as assessed

for the time being for the purposes of that rate, or such

higher rate not exceeding twopence in the pound as

may be approved by the Minister of Health, and subsection (3) of the principal section shall cease to have

effect.

(4) In the foregoing provision of this section, the

expression " expenditure" means net expenditure after

allowing for the receipts arising from the exercise of the

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Ch. 71.

1557

power to provide or contribute to a band, or of the

powers conferred by subsection (1) of this section.

(5) When any part of the park or ground has been

set apart by the local authority for the purpose of cricket,

football or any other game or recreation, under paragraph

(6) of subsection (1) of the principal section, the local

authority may charge reasonable sums for the use thereof

for that purpose.

(6) Part VI. of the Public Health Acts Amendment

Act, 1907, shah, have efiect as if the powers given to

local authorities by this section were included amongst

the powers given to local authorities by the principal

section.

Part VII.

Infectious Disease and Hospitals.

57. Every person having the charge or control of Contact

premises in which is lying the hody of a person who has with body

died from any dangerous infectious disease shall take persem

such steps as may be reasonably practicable to prevent ^wtious

persons coming into contact with the body unnecessarily, disease,

and if he fails to do so he shall be hable to a penalty

not exceeding five pounds.

58. —(1) A justice of the peace may, on complaint Medical

made on oath by a medical officer of an urban or rural examination

district, grant a warrant to such officer to enter any

common lodging-house where, according to the reasonable lodging-

belief of the officer, there is a person who is suffering, houses.

or has recently suffered, from a dangerous infectious

disease, and to examine any person found in that house

with a view to ascertaining whether he is suffering, or

has recently suffered, from such disease.

(2) Any person who obstructs a medical officer in

the execution of bis powers and duties under such

warrant shall, in addition to any other punishment to

which he may be subject, be liable to a penalty not

exceeding twenty pounds.

59. —(1) If, on the application of the local authority. Closing of

a petty sessional court is satisfied that it is necessary in common

the interests of the public health that a common lodging- h«ighig-

house should be closed on account of the existence, or aeco^of

recent existence, therein of dangerous infectious disease, infectious

the court may make an order directing the house to be disease

therein.

1558

Ch. 71.

Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Definition of

" dangerous

infectious

disease."

52 & 53 Vict,

o. 72.

Amendment as to

enforcement

by county

councils of

regulations

under s. 130

of 38 & 39

Vict. c. 55.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 23.

closed tmtil it is certified by the medical officer to be

free from infection.

(2) If a lodger is received, or allowed to remain, in

a common lodging-house in contravention of such order,

the keeper of the lodging-house shall be liable to a

penalty not exceeding five pounds and to a daily penalty

not exceeding forty shillings.

(3) The local authority shall make compensation to the keeper of a common lodging-house for any loss

sustained by him by reason of the house being closed

under this section.

60. —(1) In the foregoing provisions of this Part

of this Act the expression "dangerous infectious disease "

means any infectious disease named in section six of the

Infectious Disease (Notification) Act, 1889.

(2) The Minister of Health may by order declare

any other infectious disease to be a dangerous infectious

disease for the purpose of any of the foregoing provisions

of this Part of this Act, either generally or as respects

any particular area, and accordingly the expression

" dangerous infectious disease " shall, as respects the

purpose aforesaid and within the area to which the

order extends, include any disease so declared, so long

as the order may continue in force.

61. —(1) For the rpmoval of doubts it is hereby

declared that where in accordance with section two of the Public Health (Prevention and Treatment of Disease)

Act, 1913, a county council is declared by the Minister

of Health to be an authority to execute and enforce

regulations made under section one hundred and thirty

of the Public Health Act, 1875, such regulations may,

with the consent of the council, authorise the council to

provide or to arrange for the provision of suitable means

for the proper isolation and treatment of persons suffering

from any disease to which the regulations apply, and

may for that purpose apply any of the provisions of the

Public Health Acts, 1875 to 1907.

(2) Any regulations made tmder the said section

one hundred and thirty authorising a county council to

provide or arrange for the provision of suitable means

for the proper isolation and treatment of persons suffering

from any disease, may direct that the county contributions, whether for general or special county purposes.

1925. Public Health Act, 1925, Ch. 71.

which are liable to be assessed on the parishes in respect

of any expenses incurred by the council in providing

or maintaining any hospital or institution, or in providing

for the cost of maintenance of patients in any hospital

or institution, shall be assessed on such parishes in proportion to the use made of such hospitals and institutions

by the inhabitants of the parishes, respectively, or in

such other proportion as may be prescribed, and any

precept for county contributions may include as a

separate item any contributions, whether for general

or special county purposes, which are to be so assessed

in accordance with such regulations.

62, —(1) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of

a court of summary jurisdiction—

(a) that any person suffering from pulmonary tuberculosis is in an infectious state; and

(b) that the lodging or accommodation provided for

that person is such that proper precautions to

prevent the spread of infection cannot be taken,

or that such precautions are not being taken;

and

(c) that serious risk of infection is thereby caused to

other persons; and

(d) that a suitable hospital or institution exists for

the reception and accommodation of that person;

the court, upon the application of the county council or

of the local authority, may, with the consent of the

superintending body of the hospital or institution, make

an order for the removal of that person to that hospital

or institution and for his detention and maintenance

therein for such period not exceeding three months as

the court think fit,

(2) Before making application fOr an order under

this section, the coxmty ^council or local authority shall

give to the person to whom the appfication is to relate,

or to some person having the care of that person, not

less than three clear days’ notice of the time and place at

which the appfication will be made.

(3) Upon application being made for an order

under this section the court may in any case in which

they think it necessary to do so require the person to

whom the appfication relates to be examined by such

1559

Removal to

hospital of

infectious

persons

suffering

from pulmonary

tuberculosis.

15i50

Ch. 71. Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

duly qualified medical practitioner as the court may

direct.

(4) The cost of the removal of any person to a

hospital or institution, and of his detention and maintenance therein in pursuance of an order made under

this section, shall be borne by the county council or local

authority upon whose application the order was made,

and during any period for which a person is so detained

the county council or local authority may and, if so

required by the court, shall make towards the maintenance

of any dependants of that person such contributions as

the county council or local authority think fit, or as may

be directed by the court, as the case may be.

(5) Where before the expiration of any period for

which a person has been ordered to be detained under

this section, the court is satisfied upon the application of the county council or local authority that the conditions

which led the court to order his detention vdU again

exist if he is not detained for a further period, the court

may, subject to the like consent, order the detention of

that person for a further period, not exceeding three

months.

(6) Upon not less than three clear days’ notice being

given to the clerk of the county council or local authority

upon whose application an order under this section was

made, application for the rescission of the order may be

made by or on behalf of the person to whom the order

relates at any time after the expiration of six weeks

from the date of the order, and upon the hearing of any

such application the court may, if they think fit, rescind

the order.

(7) An order imder this section may be addressed to

such constable or.officer of the county council or local

authority as the court may think expedient, and any

person who wilfully disobeys or obstructs the execution of

such order shah be hable to a penalty not exceeding ten

pounds.

(8) Any expenses incurred under this section by a

county council shall be defrayed as expenses for general

county purposes, or, if the Minister of Health by order

so directs, as expenses for special county purposes

charged on such part of the county as may be provided

by the order.

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Ch. 71.

1561

63.—(1) Any carriage provided under section one Extended

hundred and twenty-three of the Public Health Act, 1875,

and any ambulance provided under section thirteen ances.

of the Isolation Hospitals Act, 1893, may be used for 66 & 67Viot.

the eonveyance of persons upon their discharge from c. 68.

a hospital or of sick persons not suffering from infectious

disease, provided that suitable precautions are taken

to prevent the communication of infectious disease to

any person so conveyed.

(2)’A reasonable charge may be made by the local

authority or isolation hospital committee for the use

of a carriage for any purpose authorised by this section.

(3) Section one hundred and twenty-three of the

Public Health Act, 1875, as amended by this section,

shall extend to any joint board to whom the provisions

of that section have been applied.

64.—(1) The power of a local authority under section Power of

one hundred and thirty-one of the Public Health Act, l 9 cal autho-

1875 (which enables a local authority for the purpose of the, .

provision of hospital accommodation for their district, hospitals

among other things, to enter into agreements with persons &c.|

having the management of. any hospital), shall include 38 & 39

a power to make reasonable subscriptions or donations Vict. c. 55.

to a voluntary hospital or institution, if the local authority are satisfied that by so doing they wiU maintain

or extend or increase the efficiency of hospital accommodation for the sick inhabitants of their district.

(2) The expenditure under this section of a local

authority shall not exceed in any one year, an amount

equal to that which would be produced by a rate of bne

penny in the pound on the property liable to be assessed

for the purpose of the rate out of which such expenditure

is payable.

IS

or

65.—(1) Any local authority by whom a hospital Power to

provided may provide dwelling-houses for officers provide

servants employed at that hospital by the local houses'for

authority, and may defray any expenses in the execution

of the power conferred by this section as expenses incuri’ed

by the local authority in the provision of the hospital

are defrayed.

officers, &o.,

at a

hospital.

(2) In this section " local authority " includes a

joint hospital board constituted under the Public Health

Act, 1875, or committee eonstituted under the Isolation

1562

Ch. 71.

Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Hospitals Acts, 1893 and 1901, or any joint committee

of local authorities formed for the purpose of providing

a hospital.

Part VIII.

Miscellaneous.

Power of 66.—(1) Without prejudice and in addition to any

county other power under any other Act, a county council or

councils and local authority shall have power, with the consent of

orities Minister of Health, to make such arrangements as

to assist in they may think desirable for assisting in the prevention

prevention of bhndness, and in particular for the treatment of

of blindness, persons ordinarily resident within their area suffering

from any disease of or injury to the eyes.

(2) Any expenses incurred under this section by a

county council shall be defrayed as expenses for general

county purposes or, if the Minister of Health by order

so directs, as expenses for special county purposes

charged on such part of the county as may be provided

by the order.

(3) A council may exercise any of the powers conferred by this section (other than the power of raising

a rate or of borrowing money) through a committee of the

council, and may appoint as members of the committee

persons specially qualified by training or experience

in matters relating to the blind who are not members

of the council, but not less than two-thirds of the members

of the committee shall consist of members of the council,

and a committee established under this section may,

subject to any direction of the council, appoint such

and so many sub-committees consisting either wholly

or partly of members of the committee as the committee

thinks fit.

(4) For the purposes of this section, a person who

becomes an inmate of any hospital or institution after

the commencement of this Act shall be deemed to continue

to be ordinarily resident in the area in which he was

ordinarily resident before he became an inmate of such

hospital or institution.

67.—(1) Any local authority or county council may

arrange for the publication within their area of information

on questions relating to health or disease, and for the

delivery of lectures and the display of pictures in which

such questions are dealt with, and may defray the whole

Notices,

lectures,

&c., on

questions as

to health

or disease.

1925, Public Health Act, 1925. Ch. 71. 1563

or a portion of expenses incurred for any of the purposes

of this section.

(2) The Minister of Health may, for the purposes

of this section, make rules prescribing restrictions or

conditions subject to which the powers conferred by this

section may be exercised.

68.—(1) Where for the purpose of relieving or Power to

preventing congestion of traffic it appears to the local provide

authority to be necessary to provide within their district

suitable parking places for vehicles, the local authority Vehicles

may provide such parking places in accordance with

the provisions of this section, and for that purpose may—

(a) acquire land suitable for use as a parking place;

or

(b) utilise any lands which may lawfully be appropriated for the purpose; or

(c) by order authorise the use as a parking place of

any part of a street within their district, not

being a street within the London Traffic Area:

Provided that no such order shall—

(i) authorise the use of any part of a street

so as unreasonably to prevent access to any

premises adjoining the street, or the use of the street by any person entitled to the use

thereof, or so as to be a nuisance; or

(ii) be made in respect of any part of a

street without the consent of the authority or

person responsible for the maintenance of the

street.

(2) Where a local authority propose to make an

order under this section authorising the use as a parking

place of any land forming part of a street, or propose to

acquire or utihse any land for the purposes of this section,

the local authority shall cause notice of the proposal to

be published in at least one newspaper circulating within

their district, and shall also cause a copy of such notice

to be posted for not less than fourteen days on the land

to which the proposal relates, and every such notice

shall—

(a) specify the land to which the proposal relates;

and

(5) notify the date (which shall not be less than

twenty-eight days) within which any objection

1564 '

Ch. 71.

Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

to the proposal shall be sent in writing to the

local authority; and

(c) contain a notification of the right of appeal

conferred by this section.

(3) Before carrying into effect any proposal of which

notice is required by this section to be given, the local

authority shall consider any objection to the proposal

which is sent to them in writing within the time fixed in

that behalf, and shall, after so considering it, give notice

of their decision to the person by whom the objection

was made, and if any person is aggrieved by any such

decision he may, within twenty-one days after receiving

notice thereof, appeal therefrom to a petty sessional

court.

(4) The local authority may take all such steps as

may be necessary to adapt for use as a parking place

any land, not being part of a street, which they may

acquire or utilise under this section, and may appoint

with or without remuneration such officers and servants

as may be necessary for the superintendence of parking

places.]

(5) The exercise by a local authority of their powers

under this section with respect to the use as a parking

place of any part of a street shall not render them subject

to any habffity in respect of loss of or damage to any

vehicle or the fittings or contents of any vehicle parked

in such parking place.

(6) A local authority may make regulations as to the

use of parking places, and in particular as to the vehicles

or class of vehicles which may be entitled to use any such

parking place, as to the conditions upon which any such

parking place may be used, and as to the charges to be

paid to the local authority in connection wdth the use

of any parking place not being part of a street, and a

copy of any such regulations shall be exhibited on or

near any parking place to which the regulations relate.

(7) While any vehicle is within a parking place it

shall not be lawf^ for the driver or conductor of the

vehicle, or for any person employed in connection therewith, to ply for hire or to accept passengers for hire, and

if any person acts in contravention of this provision he

shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

1925. Public Health Act, \Q2o. Ch. 71.

(8) Any order made under this section may be

varied or revoked by any subsequent order made in like

manner.

(9) In this section the expression "parking place "

means a place where vehicles, or vehicles of any

particular class or description, may wait.

69. —(1) A county council, local authority or parish

council may acquire by purchase, gift or lease, and may

lay out, equip and maintain lands, not being lands

forming part of any common, for the purpose of cricket,

football or other games and recreations, and may either

manage those lands themselves and charge persons for

the use thereof or for admission thereto, or may let such

lands, or any portion thereof, to any club or person for

use for any of the purposes aforesaid.

(2) A county council, local authority or parish

council may contribute towards the expenses incurred

under this section by any other council or authority.

(3) Any expenses incurred under this section by a

county council shall be defrayed as expenses for general

county purposes, and any expenses so incurred by a

parish council shall be defrayed as part of the expenses

of the council under the Local Government Act, 1894.

(4) The provisions of the Local Government Act,

1888, shall apply with respect to the exercise by a county

council of the powers corderred by this section; and the

provisions of the Local Government Act, 1894, shall

• apply with respect to the exercise of the said powers by a

parish council.

(5) In this section the expression "common "

includes any land subject to be enclosed under the

Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, and any town or village

green.

70. —(1) Any offices provided by the local authority

for the transaction of business may be used by the

local authority for the purposes of concerts or other

entertainments which may be provided either by the local

authority or by any other person, and any such offices as

aforesaid may be let by them for use for those purposes,

or for the purpose of meetings, at such times and in such

manner as will not interfere in any way with the

transaction of the business of the local authority:

1565

Provision of

grounds for

cricket,

football,

and other

games.

66 & 67 Vict,

c. 73.

Use of

public

offices for

entertainments, &c

1566

Ch. 71.

Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Power to

establish

cold-air

stores, &c.

Precautions

against contamination

of food intended for

sale.

Provided that the restrictions imposed by Part VI.

of this Act with respect to the character of any concert

or other entertainment provided by the local authority

under the powers conferred by that Part shall apply with

respect to any concert or other entertainment provided

by the local authority under this section.

(2) Any expenses incurred by the local authority in

the exercise of the powers conferred by this section shall

be defrayed out of the fund or rate out of which the

expenses of the local authority in the maintenance of the offices are defrayed, and any receipts shall be carried

to the credit of that fund or rate.

71, —(1) Where a local authority have provided a

public slaughter-house or market, they may, with the

consent of the Minister of Health, provide a cold-air

store or refrigerator, with all machinery, apparatus and

appliances necessary for the proper working and use

thereof, and for the storage and preservation of meat and

other articles of food, and may make in respect of the

use of any such cold-air store or refrigerator, such

reasonable charges as they may determine.

(2) A local authority intending to apply for the

consent of the Minister of Health under this section

shall give notice of their intention by advertisement in

some newspaper circulating in the district one month at

least before the making of such application.

(3) The Minister shall consider any objection to the

proposal of the local authority which may be made by.

any person appearing to him to be interested, and, in

the event of any such objection being made and not

withdrawn, shall cause a local enquiry to be held at

which all persons interested shall be permitted to attend

and make objections.

(4) The local authority shall cause to be given at

least fourteen days’ notice of the intention to hold such

local enquiry by advertisement in some newspaper

circulating in the district.

72. —(1) This section applies to any room, not being

a room to wffich the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901,

as amended by any subsequent enactment or any regulation made under the Public Health (Regulations as to

Food) Act, 1907, applies, in which food is prepared for

sale, or in which any food, other than food contained in

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Ch. 71.

1567

receptacles so closed as to exclude all risk of contamination, is sold or is stored or kept with a view to future

sale.

(2) The occupier of any room to which this section

applies shall not permit the room to be used for the

purpose of selling, preparing, storing, or keeping any food

unless the following requirements are complied with, that

is to say:—

(a) No sanitary convenience shall be in the room, or

shall communicate directly therewith, or shall

be so placed that offensive odours therefrom can

penetrate to the room:

(b) No cistern for the supply of water to the room

shall be in direct commimication with or discharge directly into any sanitary convenience:

(c) No outlet for the ventilation of any drain shall

be in the room, and if there is in the room any

inlet or opening into any drain, that inlet or

opening shall be efficiently trapped:

(d) The room shall not be used as a sleeping place,

and no sleeping place shall commuoicate directly

with the room in such manner as to cause

xinreasonable risk of contamination to food in

the room:

(e) The room shall, except in the case of a room used

as a cold store, be adequately ventilated.

(3) The occupier of any room to which this section

applies shall—

(a) cause the walls and ceiling of the room to be

whitewashed, cleansed, or purified as often as

may be necessary to keep them in a clean

state: and

(b) prevent any unnecessary accumulation or deposit

of refuse or filth in the room.

(4) The occupier of any room to which this section

applies and every person engaged in any such room shall

take all such steps as may be reasonably necessary on

his part to prevent risk of contamination to food in the

room and to secure the cleanliness of the room and of

all articles, apparatus, and utensils therein.

(5) The medical officer, sanitary inspector, and any

other officer of a local authority duly authorised in

writing by the authority in that behalf shall have power

1 Edw. 7.

c. 22.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 32.

1568 *

Rag and

bone dealers

not to sell.

food or

toys.

Penalties for

neglect of

traffic

directions

and for

dangerous

driving, &c.

Ch. 71. Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

at all reasonable times to enter and inspect any room to

which this section applies for the purpose of ascertaining

whether the provisions of this section are comphed

with.

(6) If any person acts in contravention of or fails to

comply with any of the provisions of this section, or

hinders or obstructs an officer of a local authority in the

exercise of his powers or duties under this section, he

shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty

shillings for the first offence or not exceeding five pounds

for any subsequent offence and in either case to a daily

penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

(7) In this section the expression—

" food " includes every article used for food or

drink by man other than drugs or water, and

any article which ordinarily enters into or is

used in the composition or preparation of

human food, and flavouring matters and

condiments;

"room" includes any shop, shed, store, outbuilding, or cellar;

"sanitary convenience" includes urinals, water-

closets, earth-closets, privies, ashpits, and

any similar convenience.

73. —(1) It shall not be lawful for any collector of

or dealer in rags or bones or similar articles, or any

person carrying on the business of a rag and bone

merchant, or any person acting on behalf of any such

person, to sell or distribute within the district of the

local authority from any cart, bairow or other vehicle

used for the collection of rags, bones or similar articles,

or in or from any shop or premises used for, or in connection with, the business of a rag and bone merchant

any article of food or any balloon or other toy.

(2) Every person who shall offend against this section

shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

74. —(1) Where a pohce constable in uniform is for

the time being engaged in the regulation of traffic at any

place in a street, not being a place within the London

Traffic Area, any person driving or propelling any

vehicle who wilfully neglects or refuses to stop the

vehicle or make it proceed or keep to a particular line

of traffic when directed so to do by such police constable

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925. '

Ch. 71.

1569

in the execution of his duty, shall be liable to a fine

not exceeding five pounds.

(2) If any person rides or drives so as to endanger

the life or limb of any person or to the common danger

of the passengers in any street, not being a street

within the Metropolitan Pohce District, he may be

arrested without warrant by any constable who witnesses

the occurrence, and any person who so rides or drives as

aforesaid shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five

pounds.

(3) In this section the expression "street " includes

a county bridge.

75.—(1) The local authority may make byelaws for Byelawa aa

regulating the conduct of persona waiting in streets to to persons

enter public vehicles, and the priority of entry into such waiting to 5

vehicles, and may by such byelaws require queues or

lines to be formed and kept by such persons.

(2) The local authority may erect and maintain, or

permit other persons to erect and maintain, in any street

such barriers and posts as appear to the local authority

to be necessary for the purposes of securing compliance

with any such byelaws:

Provided that the powers of the local authority

under this subsection shall not be exercised in the case

of a main road maintained by a county council except

with the consent of such county council.

(3) Nothing in subsection (2) of this section shall be

construed as empowering the local authority to hinder

the reasonable use of the street by the public, or to

obstruct the access to or exit from any station or

goods yard belonging to a railway company or to or

from any premises belonging to the owners, trustees, or

conservators, acting under powers conferred by Parliament, of any canal, inland navigation, dock or harbour,

and used for the purposes of the canal, inland navigation,

dock or harbour, nor shall any barrier or post be erected

on any bridge carrying any street over a railway or the

approaches thereto.

(4) This section shall not extend to any street

within the London Traffic Area.

76. In any area within which the provisions of the As to public

Town Pohce Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to hackney vehicles

carriages are in force, those provisions and any byelaws

of the local authority with respect to hackney carriages

5G

1570

10 & 11 Vict,

c. 89.

Rate of

interest on

certain

expenses.

56 & 56 Vict,

e. 57.

Notices of

certain

works and

objections

thereto.

Local

inquiries

by inspectors

Ch. 71. Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

shall be as fully applicable in aU respects to hackney

carriages standing" or pl 3 dng for hire at any railway

station or railway premises within such area, as if such

railway station or railway premises were a stand for

hackney carriages or a street:

Provided that—

(a) the provisions of this section shall not apply

to any vehicle belonging to or used by any

railway company for the purpose of carrying

passengers and their luggage to or from any

of their railway stations or railway premises,

or to the driver or conductor of such vehicle;

(b) nothing in this section shall empower the local

authority to fix the site of the stand or starting

place of any hackney carriage in any railway

station or railway premises, or in any yard

belonging to a railway company, excejit "with

the consent of that company.

77 . The rate of interest on expenses recoverable by

a local authority—

(a) under section two hundred and thirteen or

section two hundred and fifty-seven of the

Pubho Health Act, 1875 (which relate to private

improvement rates and the recovery of expenses

from an 0"Wner of premises);

(b) under section thirteen or section fourteen of the

Private Street Works Act, 1892 (which relate to

charges on premises in respect of the expenses of

street works and the recovery of such expenses);

or

(c) under any provision relating to the execution of

street works in a local Act;

shall, as regards expenses incurred after the commencement of this Act, be five per cent, or such other rate of

interest as the Minister of Health may from time to time

by order fix, and different rates of interest may be fixed

for different purposes and in different cases.

78 . —(1) The time before which notice by advertisement is to be given by a local authority under section

thirty-two or under section fifty-three of the Public Health

Act, 1875, of intended sewerage works outside their

district, or of an intended reservoir for water, shall be six

weeks before the commencement of the work, instead of

three months and two months, respectively, before such

commencement.

1925 .

Public Health Act, 1925 .

Ch. 71.

1571

(2) The time within which notice under section

thirty-three or under section fifty-three of the Public

Health Act, 1875, is to be served by a person objecting

to any such intended work of sewerage or reservoir, shall

be four weeks after the publication of the advertisement of the local authority giving notice of the intended work,

instead of three months and two months, respectively,

before the commencement of the work.

(3) In the provisions of sections thirty-four and

fifty-three of the Public Health Act, 1875, which relate

to local inquiries into any such work or reservoir by an

inspector of the Minister of Health, the words "in the

locality " are hereby substituted for " on the spot."

(4) The amendments of sections thirty-two to thirty-

four and section fifty-three of the Public Health Act, 1875,

made by this section shall have effect as regards any work

to which any of those sections is extended by any provision

of the Public Health Acts, 1875 to 1907.

79. Where sums are set apart as a sinking fund Amendment

for the purpose of paying off moneys borrowed by a of 38 & 39

local authority in the exercise of their powers under

the Public Health Act, 1875, the interest received in

any year from the investment of the sums so set apart sinking

shall, after the commencement of this Act, instead of fund,

being accumulated in accordance with the provisions

of regulation (4) of section two hundred and thirty-four

of that Act, form part of the revenue for that year of the

fund or rate out of which the sums were set apart, but the

contribution to be made to the sinking fund out of such

fund or rate shall in that year be increased by a sum equal

to the interest that would have accrued to the sinking

fund during that year if interest had been accumulated

therein at such rate that the accumulations would with

the sums set apart .be sufficient to pay off the moneys

borrowed within the period sanctioned.

80.—(1) If the local authority are authorised to

supply gas or water, they may, on the application of the owner or occupier of any premises within their limits

of supply abutting on any street laid out but not dedicated to public use, supply those premises with gas or

water, as the case may be, and lay down, maintain

and repair pipes in such street, and for the purposes of this section the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, and the

Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, shall apply as if section

5 G 2

water pipes

in private

streets.

10 & 11 Vict.

c. 15.

10 & 11 Vict,

c. 17.

157

Contribution

by local

authority to

street works

under 38 & 39

Vict. 0. 56.

8. 160, or

local Acts.

Declaration

of streets

as highways

repairable

by inhabitants.

Interpretation of 38

& 39 Vict,

c. 55. s. 154,

Ch. 71. Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

seven of the former Act and section twenty-nine of the

latter Act had been excepted from incorporation with

the Acts relating to the local authority.

(2) The powers conferred by this section shall not

extend to any street which is repairable by the owners,

trustees or conservators acting under powers conferred

by Parliament of any railway, canal, inland navigation,

dock or harbour, and used for the purposes of the railway,

canal, inland navigation, dock or harbour, unless the

consent of such persons is obtained by the local authority,

but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld,

and upon an application made to the Minister of Health

by the local authority or by the owners, trustees or

conservators of the undertaking, the. Minister may, if

he thinks fit, determine whether a consent has unreasonably been withheld to the exercise by the local authority

of their powers under this section.

81 . Any local authority, by whom notices requiring

the execution of works have been served under section

one hundred and fifty of the Public Health Act, 1875,

or any provision relating to street works in a local Act,

may, if they think fit, at any time resolve to contribute

the whole or a portion of the expenses of the works.

82 . Where, after the commencement of this Act,

notices have been given under section one hundred and fifty

of the Public Health Act, 1875, by the urban authority, as

respects any street, and that street is sewered, levelled,

paved, flagged, metalled, channelled, and made good (all

such works being done to the satisfaction of the urban

authority) then, on the application in writing of the

greater part in rateable value of the owners of the houses

or land in such street, the urban authority shall, within

three months after the time of such application, by

notice put up in such street, declare the same to be a

highway repairable by the inhabitants at large, and

thereupon such street shall become a highway repairable

by the inhabitants at large.

83 . For removing doubts, it is hereby declared that

the purposes mentioned in section one hundred and

fifty-four of the Public Health Act, 1875 (which relates

to the purchase of premises for the widening, opening,

enlarging or otherwise improving any street, or for the

making of any new street), include the improvement and

1925.

Public Ileallh Act, 1925.

Ch. 71.

1573

development of frontages or of the lands abutting on or

adjacent to any street.

84 . — (1) Every urban authority shall, within six List of

months after the commencement of this Act, cause to repairable

be prepared a hst of the streets within their district which streets,

are repairable by the inhabitants at large.

(2) Any list prepared under this section shall be

open to the inspection of any person, without payment,

during the ordinary office homs of the urban authority.

Part IX.

Baths and Washhouses.

85. — (1) Any authority having power to carry into Charges for

execution the Baths and Washhouses Acts, 1846 to use of baths

1899 (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the local wash-

authority "), may make charges for or in connection with

the use of any bath, washhouse or bathing place provided

by the authority at such rates as may be fixed by a scale

authorised by the . authority in accordance with the

provisions of this section.

(2) Every scale for the purposes of this section shall

be authorised by a resolution duly passed by the local

authority, and the local authority shall at least one

month before proceeding to consider any resolution for

authorising such a scale, cause the proposed scale to be

published in at least one new'spaper circulating within

the area of the authority, and in such other manner as

the authority may consider necessary for bringing the

proposed scale to the notice of persons interested.

86. Section thirty-four of the Baths and Wash- Amendment

houses Act, 1846, shall, so far as it requires the bye- of section 34

laws made for the pmgposes of that Act by a local

authority to make provision for the purposes specified i846

in Schedule (A.) to that Act, cease to have effect. 9 &’io Vict.

c. 74.

87. —(1) The local authority may, during any period Closing and

between the first day of October and the last day of use when

the following April, close any swimming bath provided closed

by the authority, and may at any time while the

swimming bnth is closed, use the swimming bath for

such purposes, or allow it to be used or let it for such

purposes, and upon such terms and conditions as in

their absolute discretion they think proper:

1574 Ch. 71. Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Provided that the restrictions imposed by Part VL

of this Act with respect to the character of any concert

or other entertainment provided by a local authority

under the powers conferred by that Part shall apply with

respect to any concert or other entertainment provided

by the local authority under this section.

(2) The power of the local authority to make byelaws under the Baths and Washhouses Act, 1846, shall

include power to make byelaws for the regulation,

management and use of the swimming bath when used

for any purposes authorised by this section, and the

local authority may appoint such officers and servants

as are necessary for the management and superintendence

of the bath when used by them for any of those purposes,

and may pay reasonable salaries, wages and allowances to

those officers and servants.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall be

substituted for sections five to eight of the Baths and

Washhouses Act, 1878, but nothing in those provisions

shall affect the operation of proviso (a) or (c) to section

two of the Baths and Washhouses Act, 1896, or

proviso (a) or (c) to section two of the Baths and

Washhouses Act, 1899.

(4) Nothing in this section shall authorise the use

of a swimming bath for the public performance of stage

plays, for public music, or public music and dancing, or

other public entertainment of the like kind, or for cinematograph exhibitions, unless such hcence as may be

required for the use of a place for any such purpose shall

have been obtained or any notice required by subsection (2) of section seven of the Cinematograph Act, 1909,

duly given, and any terms, conditions or restrictions

attached to the grant of such hcence or any regulations

or conditions made or imposed under the said subsection

(2) shah apply, notwithstanding anything contained in

any byelaw made imder this section.

41 & 42 Vict.

c. 14.

69 & 60 Vict,

e. 59.

62 & 63 Vict.

0. 29.

9 Edw. 7.

c. 30.

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Ch. 71.

1575

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provisions in Parts II. and III. of this Act to the

ADOPTION OF which BY AN UrBAN AUTHORITY FOR

A DISTRICT OF LESS THAN 20,000 POPULATION THE

CONSENT OF THE MINISTER OF HEALTH IS REQUIRED.

Provisions.

Part II.

Subject-matter of Provisions.

Section 21 -

Section 22 -

- Prevention of water flowing on footpath.

- For preventing soil, &c., from being

washed into streets.

Section 44 -

Part III.

- Offensive trades or businesses.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Provisions in Parts II. and III. of this Act which

CANNOT BE ADOPTED BY A RuRAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

Provisions.

Part II.

Subject-matter of Provisions.

Sections 17 to 19

Section 21

Section 22

Section 24

Section 35

Section 39

Section 44

- Naming of streets.

- Prevention of water flowing on footpath.

- Washing of soil into streets.

- Projections in streets.

- Power to vary width of carriageway and

footway upon making up private street.

Part III.

- Notice of intention to reconstruct or alter

drains.

- Offensive trades or businesses.

Section 3.

Section 4.

157&

Ch. 71.

Public Health Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Section 6.

Section 7.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Resolution oe Adoption.

1. A resolution of adoption must be passed at a meeting of the local authority.

2. One month at least before the meeting of the local

authority special notice of the meeting and of the intention to *

propose the resolution shall be given to every member of the

local authority, and such notice shall also be inserted once at

least in one or more of the newspapers circulating within the

area of the local authority in each of two successive weeks.

3. A resolution of adoption after being passed shall be

published by advertisement in some one or more newspapers

circulating within the area of the local authority by whom the

resolution is passed, and may also be published otherwise in such

manner as the local authority thinks sufficient for giving notice

thereof to all persons interested.

4. A copy of the resolution of adoption shall be sent to the Minister of Health.

5. The resolution of adoption shall come into operation at

such time, not less than one month after the first publication of the advertisement, as may be fixed by the local authority, or if

the consent of the Minister of Health to the adoption is required,

at such time as may be fixed by the Minister.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Application of Provisions op Part I. of the Public

Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907.

Provisions Applied. Subject-matter of Provisions.

Section 4 - -

Section 5 (1) and (2)

Section 6 - -

Section 7 - -

Section 9 (except the proviso)

Section 10 -

Section 11 -

Section 12 -

Section 13 (except so far as it

relates to the expressions

" the commencement of this

Part " or " the commencement of this section ").

Expenses of local authority.

Enquiries by Minister of Health.

Legal proceedings, &c.

Appeals to quarter sessions, &c.

Byelaws.

Compensation, how ascertained.

Powers of Act cumulative.

Crown rights.

Interpretation.

1925.

Public Health Act, 1925.

Ch. 71

1577

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments REPEAiiED by this Act.

Part I.

Enactments Repealed as from the Date on which a Scalb;

OF Charges is Authorised by the Local Authority.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

9 & 10 Vict.

The Baths and Wash-

In section 34 the words from

c. 74.

houses Aet, 1846.

i

" and for determining " to

" bathing places respectively."

10 & 11 Vict.

The Baths and Wash-

Section 7 and the Schedule.

c. 61.

houses Aet, 1847.

41 & 42 Vict.

The Baths and Wash-

In section 4 the words from

e. 14.

houses Act, 1878.

j

" and make such " to the end

of the section, section 14 and

the Schedule.

Part

II.

Enactments Repealed as from

THE Commencement of this Act

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

9 & 10 Vict.

The Baths and Wash-

In section 34 the words from

e. 74.

houses Act, 1846.

" and such byelaws " to

" Schedule (A) to this Act, "

and Schedule (A).

41 & 42 Vict.

The Baths and Wash-

Sections 5 to 8.

e. 14.

houses Act, 1878.

69 & 60 Vict.

The Baths and Wash-

Proviso (b) to section 2. In

e. 59.

houses Act, 1896.

section 3 the words "with

" fourteen days’ previous

" notice."

62 & 63 Vict.

The Baths and Wash-

Proviso (b) to section 2.

c. 29.

houses Act, 1899.

7 Edw. 7.

The Public Health

Section seventy-nine.

e. 63.

Acts Amendment

Act, 1907.

Section 9.

Section 9.

---

1578. Ch. 72. Honours {Prevention of Abuses) Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

CHAPTER 72.

An Act for the prevention of abuses in connection with the Grant of Honours.

[7th August 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

[Punishment of abuses in connection with the grant of honours.]

1. — (1) If any person accepts or obtains or agrees to accept or attempts to obtain from any person, for himself or for any other person, or for any purpose, any gift, money or valuable consideration as an inducement or reward for procuring or assisting or endeavouring to procure the grant of a dignity or title of honour to any person, or otherwise in connection with such a grant, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

(2) If any person gives, or agrees or proposes to give, or offers to any person any gift, money or valuable consideration as an inducement or reward for procuring or assisting or endeavouring to procure the grant of a dignity or title of honour to any person, or otherwise in connection with such a grant, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

(3) Any person guilty of a misdemeanour under this Act shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine, or on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to both such imprisonment and such fine, and where the person convicted (whether on indictment or summarily) received any such gift, money, or consideration as aforesaid which is capable of forfeiture, he shall in addition to any other punishment be liable to forfeit the same to His Majesty.

1925. Honours (Prevention of Abuses) Act, 1925. Ch. 72, 73. 1579

[22 & 23 Vict. c. 17.]

(4) The Vexatious Indictments Act, 1859, as amended by any subsequent enactment, shall apply to offences under this Act as if they were included among the offences mentioned in section one of that Act.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Honours (Prevention of Abuses) Act, 1925.

CHAPTER 73.

An Act to establish a National Library in Scotland on the foundation of the Library gifted for that purpose by the Faculty of Advocates, and for purposes connected therewith.

[7th August 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

---

1, —(1) There shall be estabbshed and founded in Establieh-

Scotland a library with the name of the National ment of

Library of Scotland (in this Act referred to as " the Library md

Library "), and for the purpose of managing the Library of^oard^of

and for the other purposes of this Act there shall be Trustees,

constituted a Board of Trustees (in this Act referred

to as " the Board "), which shall be a body corporate

by the name of " The Trustees of the National Library

of Scotland, " with perpetual succession and a common

seal, and power to sue and be sued, and to acquire and

hold property for the purposes of the Library and of this Act. Service on the Board of all legal processes

and notices shall be effected by service on their

secretary.

(2) The Board shall be constituted and their proceedings sliaU be determined in accordance with the

provisions contained in the Schedule to this Act.

(3) Any document purporting to be sealed with the

seal of the Board or to be signed in the name of the

1580 '

Powers and

duties of

Board.

Ch. 73. National lAhrary 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

of Scotland Act, 1925.

Board by the chairman or the secretary of the Board

or any person authorised by the Board to act in that

behalf shall be receivable in evidence of the particulars

stated in that document.

2. The Board shall have the general management

and control of the Library, and for that purpose may—

(a) make, revoke or vary statutes for securing the

due administration of the Library and preserving the books and other articles belonging

thereto, including statutes regulating admission

to the library;

(b) accept and receive for the purposes of the Library

or any of them gifts or bequests of money,

books or articles, or any other property;

(c) exchange, sell, or otherwise dispose of any

duplicate books or other duplicate articles

belonging to the Library, and with the consent of the Treasury exchange, sell, or otherwise

dispose of books or other articles belonging to the Library which in the opinion of the Board

are not required for the purposes thereof;

(d) with the consent of the Treasury apply any

money received by the Board on the exchange,

sale, or disposal of any books or other articles

and any moneys received by the Board from

any other source and not subject to any specific

direction or condition in the purchase of any

book or other article which in the opinion of the Board it is desirable to acquire for the

Library, or otherwise in defraying any of the

expenses of the Board;

(e) lend to any library, gallery, or museum under the

control of a public authority or university in

Great Britain or to any hbrary, gallery, museum,

or exhibition approved for the purposes of this

provision by the Treasury, any duphcate book

or other duplicate article belonging to the

Library, or any book or other article, not being

a duplicate, which can in the opinion of the

Board be temporarily removed from the Library

Avithout injury to the interests of the students

or of the public using the Library: Provided

that, before making any such loan, the Board

1925.

National Library

of Scotland Act, 1925.

Ch. 73.

1581

shall be satisfied that due provision is made

for the safety and insurance of the book or

other article lent, and for payment of all

expenses in connection with the removal and

return thereof or otherwise in connection with

such loan;

(f) subject as hereinafter provided, and with the

consent of the Treasury, appoint a librarian

and other officers, assistants, or servants on

such terms and subject to such conditions as

the Board think fit;

(g) subject to the provisions of this Act, do such

other things as appear to the Board to be

necessary or expedient for furthering the

interests and increasing the utdity of the

Library.

3, — (1) On the appointed day there shall by virtue Transfer of

of this Act be transferred from the Faculty of Advocates Advocates ’

(hereinafter in this Act referred to as "the Faculty") Library.

to the Board the entire contents of the Advocates ’

Library, with the exception of the Faculty’s collection

of law books, legal manuscripts and papers, the Faculty

Records, and pictures and articles of furniture belonging .

to the Faculty, and the property so transferred shall,

subject to the provisions of this Act, be held by the

Board for public use to all posterity.

(2) The transfer hereinbefore in this section provided

shall have effect as a full discharge to the Faculty of

aU duties, obligations and fiabilities incumbent on them

with respect to the property transferred, whether under

any Act of Parliament, charter, trust, gift, bequest,

deed, or otherwise.

(3) The Faculty’s collection of law books excepted

from the aforesaid transfer shall remain vested in the

Faculty for the "purposes of their Law Library.

(4) Any question which may arise as to what are

law books or legal manuscripts and papers, or pictures,

or articles of furniture belonging to the Faculty within

the meaning of this section shall be determined by the

Keeper of the Advocates’ Library.

(5) Nothing in this section contained shall affect the

rights of any body or person other than the Faculty in

or with respect to any book or other article forming part

1582 '

Transfer of

funds of

Endowment

Trust.

Transfer of

privilege

under Copyright Act,

1911, 1 & 2

Geo. 5. c. 46.

8. 15.

Ch. 73. National Library 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

of Scotland Act, 1925.

of the contents of the Advocates’ Library which has been

deposited therein for custody only, or which is not the

property of the Faculty.

4. —(1) As soon as conveniently may be after the

appointed day, the Trustees of the Endowment Trust

shall convey and make over to the Board the funds in

their possession as such Trustees, or the investments

representing those funds, together with any accumulations

of the income of those funds, after deducting—

(a) the amount of any expenses incurred by the said

Trustees in the execution and management of

their Trust (including the expense of such

conveyance); and

(b) any sums which the said Trustees may have

applied to the maintenance of the Advocates ’

library:

to he held and administered by the Board subject to the

provisions of this Act and to any specific direction or

condition attaching to any part of those funds.

(2) The receipt of the Board shall have effect as a

full discharge to the said Trustees of all their duties,

obligations, and liabilities as Trustees of the Endowment

Trust, and after the completion of the aforesaid conveyance that trust shall cease to exist.

5. —(1) From and after the appointed day, and

subject to the provisions of this section, the privilege

enjoyed by the Advocates’ Library under the Copyright

Act, 1911, shall be transferred to the Library, and section

fifteen of that Act (which relates to the delivery of copies

of books to the British Museum and other libraries) shall

be amended by the substitution of the words "the

National Library of Scotland " for the words "the

Library of the Faculty of Advocates at Edinburgh "

occurring therein.

(2) Copies of law books delivered for the Board as

the authority of the Library under the said section as so

amended shall be transmitted by the Board to the

Faculty.

(3) The Board shall cause to be inserted in the written

demands made for them under the said section as so

amended such law books as may be named in writing to

them by the Faculty.

1925.

National Library

of Scotland Act, 1925.

Ch. 73.

1583

(4) Copies of law books transmitted to the Faculty

in pursuance of this section shall vest in the Faculty for

the purposes of their Law Library.

(5) Any qiiestion which may arise between the

Board and the Faculty as to what are law books within

the meaning of this section shall be settled by agreement

between their respective librarians, or, if they fail to

agree, by the librarian of the Edinburgh University

Library for the time being.

6. Regulations shall from time to time be made Board and

by the Board and the Faculty jointly — Fa^ty to

(a) for the purposes of the immediately preceding

section of this Act; and

(6) .for facilitating the interchange of books and other

articles between the Library and the Law

Library of the Faculty; and

(c) for facilitating the consultation and use on the

one hand of books contained in the Library by

the Judges of the Court of Session and the

Faculty and on the other hand of books contained in the Faculty’s Law Library by the

public; and

(d) for regulating the borrowing of books from

the Library by the existing members of the

Faculty, who shall during their respective lifetimes enjoy with respect to the Library as

nearly as may be the same right of borrowing

books as the existing members of the Faculty

enjoy with respect to the Advocates’ Library,

subject to the payment by the Faculty to the

Board of any expense incurred by the Board

in consequence of the exercise of this right.

For the purpose of the foregoing provision, the

expression " existing members of the Faculty "

means all persons who at the date of the passing

of this Act are members or intrants of the

Faculty or who at that date enjoy by resolution of the Faculty the right of borrowing books

from the Advocates’ Library.

7, All books and other articles or money which after Gifts and

the passing of this Act are expressly given or bequeathed bequests to

to the public or to the nation or to the Board for the Library.

1584

Ch. 73.

National Library 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

of Scotland Act, 1925.

purposes of the Library, or given or bequeathed by

words showing an intention that the gift or bequest

should enure to or for the benefit of the Library, or

which are acquired by purchase or otherwise for the

purposes of the Library, shall vest in the Board and

be held by the Board for the purposes of the Library.

Provisions 8. With respect to the premises at present occupied

with respect fiy the Faculty in connection with the Advocates ’

to existing Xiijrary or for the purpose of their professional use

' (in this section referred to as " the existing premises "),

the following provisions shall have effect:—

(1) As soon as conveniently may be after the

appointed day, and pending the provision of

premises for the permanent accommodation of the Library, the Faculty shall make available

to the Commissioners of Works for the use of the Board, for the accommodation and the

general purposes of the Library, such portion

or portions of the existing premises as may

not be reasonably required by the Faculty in

connection with their Law Library (including

future additions to that Library) or for the

purpose of their professional use:

(2) When premises for the permanent accommoda *

tion of the Library have been provided, the

foregoing provision shall cease to have effect,

and the existing premises, as the same may

have been reconstructed, extended and adapted,

shall be allocated between the Faculty and the

Commissioners of Works for the use of the

Board:

(3) Any question as to the portion or portions of the

existing premises to be made available as

• aforesaid, or as to the subsequent allocation of the existing premises shall be settled by

agreement between the Faculty and the Commissioners of Works, or, if they fail to agree,

by the Lord President of the Court of Session:

(4) No rent or other consideration in money shall be-

payable to the Faculty in respect of the occupation by the Commissioners of Works for the use of the Board of the portion or portions of the-

existing premises made available by the Faculty

1925.

National Library

of Scotland Act^ 1925.

Ch. 73.

1585

as aforesaid: Provided that any expenses of the reconstruction, extension or adaptation of the said portion or portions for the use of the

Board, or of the re-adaptation thereof, for the

use of the Faculty, or of the repair, maintenance

and insurance thereof during the occupation as

aforesaid by the Commissioners of Works shall

be borne by the Commissioners of Works who

shall also pay aU rates and taxes leviable on the

said portion or portions with respect toj the

period of such occupation.

9. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Faculty,

the Board and the Commissioners of Works, or any

two of them, may make and carry into effect any agreement which may be necessary for giving effect to the

provisions of this Act.

10. Any expenses incurred by the Board in carrying

this Act into effect, including any salaries or remuneration paid to the librarian and other officers of the Board,

shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

All moneys received by the Board from any other source

and not subject to any specific direction or condition

shall be applied as an appropriation in aid of the moneys

provided by Parliament.

11. In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires, —

The expression "the appointed day " means

such day as may be fixed by Order of His

Majesty in Council, either generally or with

reference to any particular provision of this Act,

and different days may be appointed for different

purposes and different provisions of this Act;

The expression "the Endowment Trust " means

the Scottish National Library Endowment Trust,

constituted by a trust deed by the Right

Honourable The Viscount Novar and others,

dated the fifth, sixth, seventh and fourteenth,

and registered in the Books of Council and Session

the nineteenth, aU days of March, in the year

nineteen hundred and twenty-three;

5 H

Agreements

for purposes

of Act.

Expenses of

Board and

Commissioners of

Works.

Interpretation.

1586

Short title.

First

meeting of

Board.

Ch. 73. National Library 15 & 16 Geo. 5 *

of Scotland Act, 1925.

The expression "the Faculty" means the Faculty

of Advocates, and in reference to the acquisition,

holding or disposal of heritable property includes

the treasurer of the Faculty or any other person

or persons acting on behalf of the Faculty.

12. This Act may be cited as the National Library

of Scotland Act, 1925.

Transitory Provisions.

13.—(1) With a view to the timeous appointment

of members of the Board, the Keeper of the Advocates ’

Library shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the

passing of this Act, send a copy of this Act to the Clerk

to the Senate of the University of St. Andrews, the

Clerk to the Senate of the University of Glasgow, the

Secretary of the University of Aberdeen, the Secretary

of the University of Edinburgh, the Clerk to the Convention of Royal Burghs, the Clerk to the Association

of County Councils in Scotland, and the Clerk to the

Association of Education Authorities in Scotland.

(2) Intimation of the first appointments of appointed

members shall be made to the said Keeper.

(3) The first meeting of the Board shall be held in

Edinburgh, at a place and time not being later than

three months after the passing of this Act, to be fixed by

the chairman of the Board. Written notice of the place

and time so fixed shall be given by the said Keeper to the ex-officio and the appointed members and the hfe

member of the Board.

(4) Until otherwise provided by regulation of the

Board, nine members present at any meeting of the

Board shall be a quorum, and the proceedings at the

first meeting shall not be invalidated by the circumstance

that the full number of appointed members of the Board

have not been appointed.

(5) At the first meeting of the Board or at any

adjournment thereof the members present shall proceed

to co-opt five Trustees in accordance with the provisions

of the Schedule to this Act, and to make regulations

with respect to the subsequent meetings and procedure

of^theJ^Board.

1925.

National Library

of Scotland Act, 1925.

Ch. 73.

1587

14. For the purpose of carrying out the conditions Transfer of

on which the Faculty resolved to transfer to the nation existing

as a free gift the contents of the Advocates’ Library as

in this Act provided, the following provisions shall have

effect:—

(1) As from the appointed day, the Keeper of the

Advocates’ Library shall become the first

librarian of the Library, and such of the

assistants in the employment of the Faculty in

connection with the Advocates’ Library as the

said Keeper, with the consent of the Treasury,

may determine, not being persons to be retained

in the employment of the Faculty in connection

with their Law Library, shall become officers of the Board, and the said librarian and officers

shall be deemed to be permanent civil servants

of the State and shall be paid such salaries or

remuneration as the Treasury approve:

(2) A person transferred to the service of the Board

under this section shall vacate his office not later

than the end of the completed year of service in

the course of which he attains the age of seventy

years:

(3) The provisions of the Superannuation Acts, 1834

to 1919, shall apply to persons so transferred

as if they had entered the Civil Service with a

certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners

after the passing of the Superannuation Act,

1909:

Provided that the service of a person so

transferred shall be reckoned for the purpose

of computing any superannuation allowance,

additional allowance, or gratuity, in accordance

with the said Acts from the commencement of

his employment by the Faculty, or from his

eighteenth birthday, whichever is the later:

(4) Notwithstanding anything contained in the

immediately preceding subsection, the annual

superannuation allowance to be granted to the

first Librarian shall, if he continues to serve

untU he attains the age of seventy years, be

5H 2

1688

Ch. 73.

Sections 1

and 13.

National Library 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

of Scotland Act, 1925.

of the amount of £600, or if he retires before

attaining the said age, be of such lesser amount

as the Treasury may determine to be a reasonable proportion of the said amount of £600.

SCHEDULE.

Constitution and Proceedings of Board.

1. The Board shall consist of thirty-four members, of whom

twelve shall be ex-officio members, seventeen shall be appointed as

hereinafter provided, and five, being persons of eminence in

literature or public life, not otherwise members of the Board,

shall be co-opted by the Trustees.

The ex-officio members shall consist of the following

persons :—

The Lord President of the Court of Session;

The Lord Advocate;

The Secretary for Scotland;

The Dean of the Faculty of Advocates;

The Minister of the High Kirk (St. Giles), Edinburgh;

The Member of Parliament for the Central Division of the

City of Edinburgh;

The Lord Provost of Edinburgh;

The Lord Provost of Glasgow;

The Lord Provost of Dundee;

The Lord Provost of Aberdeen;

The Lord Provost of Perth;

The King’s and Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer.

Of the appointed members; —

Five shall be persons appointed by His Majesty on the

recommendation of the Secretary for Scotland, one of

whom at least shall be representative of organised

labour;

Five shall be persons appointed by the Faculty;

1925.

National Ldbrary

of Scotland Act, 1925.

Ch. 73.

1589

Seven shall be persons appointed as follows, that is to say; —

One by the Senatus Academicus of each of the Universities

of St. Andrews, Glasgow, Aberdeen, and Edinburgh,

one by the Convention of Royal Burghs, one by the

Association of County Councils in Scotland, and one by

the Association of Education Authorities in Scotland.

In addition to the thirty-foxur Trustees before-mentioned.

Sir Alexander Grant, Baronet, or a person to be nominated by him, shall be a member during the lifetime of the said Sir Alexander Grant.

2. The members of the Board appointed by His Majesty

shall hold office during His Majesty’s pleasure, and one of those

members, nominated by His Majesty in that behalf, shall act

as chairman of the Board.

The period of office of the other appointed members and

of the co-opted members of the Board shall be five years from

the date of appointment, or from the date on which the appointment is expressed to take effect: Provided that, in the case of the

five members appointed by the Faculty, and in the case of the

five co-opted members, the first appointments shall be for the

respective periods of one, two, three, four, and five years; and

that, in the case of the four members appointed by the Senatus

Academicus of the Universities, the first appointments shall be

for the respective periods of one, two, three, and fom years, in

the order of the seniority of the Universities; and the periods

of office of the members first appointed or first co-opted as

aforesaid shall deter min e accordingly.

3. If any vacancy occurs by death, resignation, or any other

cause other than effluxion of time, the vacancy shall be filled by

His Majesty, or by the appropriate appointing body, or by the

Trustees, as the case may be, and a person so appointed or

co-opted to fiU a vacancy shall hold office so long only as the

member in whose place he is appointed or co-opted would have

held office.

4. Any Trustee ceasing to hold office shall be eligible to be

again appointed or' co-opted.

5. The Board may appoint one of the Trustees to be vice-

chairman of the Board, and in the absence of the chairman,

the vice-chairman shall preside at meetings of the Board. In

the absence of the chairman and vice-chairman, the Trustees

present at a meeting may appoint one of their number to preside

thereat. The chairman, vice-chairman, or Trustee presiding at

any meeting shall have a casting as well as a deliberative vote.

ISSrO Ch. 73, 74. National Library 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

of Scotland Act, 1925.

6. The Board may make regulations—

(a) for issuing notices relating to the appointment (other

than the first appointments) of members of the

Board, and for convening meetings (other than the

first meeting) of the Board; and

(b) for regulating the proceedings (including the quorum)

of the Board; and

(c) for enabling the Board to constitute committees,

and to include as members of committees persons

who are not members of the Board; and

(d) for authorising the delegation to committees of all

or any of the powers of the Board (other than the

power to acquire or dispose of land), and for

regulating the proceedings (including the quorum) of

committees.

7. The powers of the Board may be exercised notwithstanding any vacancy in their number.

CHAPTER 74.

An Act to amend the Dangerous Drugs Acts, 1920

and 1923, so far as is necessary to enable effect

to be given to a Convention signed at Geneva on

behalf of His Majesty on the nineteenth day of

February, nineteen himdred and twenty-five.

[7th August 1925.]

TT WHEREAS at a conference held at Geneva for the

V f purpose of completing and strengthening the provisions of the International Opium Convention signed at

the Hague on the twenty-third day of January, nineteen

himdred and twelve (hereinafter referred to as " the

Hague Convention "), a convention for the purpose

aforesaid (hereinafter referred to as " the Geneva Convention") was signed on behalf of His Majesty on the

nineteenth day of February, nineteen hunched and

twenty-five:

1925.

Dangerous Drugs

Act, 1925. Ch. 74.

1591

And whereas by Article 8 of the Geneva Convention

it is provided that, in the event of the Health Committee of the League of Nations, after having submitted

the question for advice and report to the Permanent

Committee of the Ofl&ce International d’Eygiene Publique

in Paris, finding that any preparation containing any

of the narcotic drugs referred to in Chapter III, of the

Convention (being the drugs to which Part III. of the

Dangerous Drugs Act, 1920, as amended by this Act,

applies) cannot give rise to the drug habit on account

of the medicaments with which the said drugs are compounded, and which in practice preclude the recovery of the said drugs, the Health Committee shall communicate

this finding to the Council of the League of Nations,

and that the Council shall communicate the finding to the parties to the Convention, and thereupon the provisions of the Convention will not be applicable to the

preparation concerned:

And whereas it is provided by Article 31 of the

Geneva Convention that that Convention shall as

between the parties thereto replace the provisions of

Chapters I., III. and V. of the Hague Convention,

which provisions are to remain in force as between the

parties to the Geneva Convention and any parties to the Hague Convention which are not parties to the

Geneva Convention:

And whereas by Article 36 of the Geneva Convention it is provided that that Convention shall not come

into force until it has been ratified as therein mentioned:

And whereas it is expedient to amend the Dangerous

Drugs Acts, 1920 and 1923, so far as is necessary to

enable effect to be given to the Geneva Convention;

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1, —(1) Part 1. of the Dangerous Drugs Act, 1920, Extension

(which restricts the importation and exportation of, and 1’°

gives power to regulate dealings in, raw opium), shsdl, as

amended by this Act, apply to coca leaves, Indian hemp, i92^to ’

1592

coca leaves

and Indian

hemp.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 46.

Amendment

of s. 2 (1) of

Dangerous

Drugs Act,

1920.

Amendment

as to drugs

to which

Part III. of

Dangerous

Drugs Act,

1920,

applies.

Meaning of

" medicinal

opium."

Ch. 74. Dangerous Drugs 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

and resins obtained from Indian hemp and aU preparations of which such resins form the base, as it applies to

raw opium.

(2) In this Act—

The expression "coca leaves" means the leaves of

any plant of the genus of the erythroxylaceae

from which cocaine can be extracted either

directly or by chemical transformation:

The expression "Indian hemp" means the dried

flowering or fruiting tops of the pistillate

plant known as cannabis sativa from which

the resin has not been extracted, by whatever

name such tops are called.

2. The words "and except in packages marked m

the prescribed manner with an indication of the contents

thereof " in subsection (1) of section two of the Dangerous Drugs Act, 1920 (which restricts the exportation of

raw opium), are hereby repealed.

3. The following shall be substituted for subsection

(1) of section eight of the Dangerous Drugs Act, 1920

(which defines the drugs to which Part III. of that Act

applies):—

" (1) The drugs to which this Part of this Act

applies are morphine, cocaine (including synthetic

cocaine), ecgonine, diacetylmorphine (commonly

known as diamorphine or heroin), and their respective salts, medicinal opium, and any extract or

tincture of Indian hemp, and any preparation,

admixture, extract or other substance containing

any proportion of diacetylmorphine or containing

not less than one-fifth per cent, of morphine or

one-tenth per cent, of cocaine or ecgonine.

" For the purpose of the foregoing provision

the expression "ecgonine" means laevo-ecgonine

and includes any derivatives of ecgonine from

which it may be recovered industrially, and the

percentage in the case of morphine shall be

calculated as in respect of anhydrous morphine."

4. —(1) For the purposes of the Dangerous Drugs

Acts, 1920 and 1923, and this Act, the expression

" medicinal opium" means raw opium which has under-

1925.

Dangerous Drugs

Act, 1925. Ch. 74.

1593

gone the processes necessary to adapt it for medicinal

use in accordance with the requirements of the British

Pharmacopoeia, whether it is in the form of powder or is

granulated or is in any other form, and whether it is

or is not mixed with neutral substances.

(2) The definition of medicinal opium in subsection (1)

of section fifteen of the Dangerous Drugs Act, 1920, is

hereby repealed.

5. If His Majesty in Council thinks fit to declare

that a finding with respect to any preparation containing

any of the drugs to which Part III. of the Dangerous

Drugs Act, 1920, as amended by this Act, applies has in

pursuance of Article 8 of the Geneva Convention been

communicated by the Council of the League of Nations

to the parties to the said Convention, the provisions of the said Part III. shall as from such date as may be

specified in the Declaration cease to apply to the

preparation specified therein.

6. Subsection (2) of section, six of the Dangerous

Drugs and Poisons (Amendment) Act, 1923 (which

defines the expression "corresponding law") shall have

effect as though the reference therein to the provisions

of the Hague Convention, included a reference to the

provisions of the Geneva Convention.

7. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Dangerous

Drugs Act, 1925, and the Dangerous Drugs Acts, 1920

and 1923, and this Act may be cited together as the

Dangerous Drugs Acts, 1920 to 1925.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Noifhem Ireland,

except in so far as it amends the Dangerous Drugs Acts,

1920 and 1923, in relation to matters with respect to

which the Parliament of Northern Ireland have not

power to make laws.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on such date

as His Majesty may by Order in Council appoint, and

different dates may be appointed for different provisions

of this Act and in relation to different countries.

Power to

exclude

certain

preparations

from Part

Til. of

Dangerous

Drugs Act,

1920.

Amendment of

e. 6 (2) of

Dangerous DiuKa

and Poisons

(Amendment)

Act, 1U23.

lit & 14 Cleo. 5.

c. 5.

Short title,

extent and

commencement.

1694

Power of

local

authorities

to provide

medicines,

&o., to

persons

suffering

from

diabetes.

60 & 61 Vict,

c. 38.

Combination of local

authorities.

Short title.

Ch. 75. Public Health 15 & 16 Geo. 6.

(Scotland) Amendment Act, 1925.

CHAPTER 75.

An Act to authorise local authorities under the

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, to make

arrangements for providing medicines and treatment to persons suffering from diabetes, and for

purposes connected therewith.

[10th December 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; —

1. The powers of a local authority under the

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, shall include and

be deemed, as from the first day of March, nineteen

hundred and twenty-four, to have included power to

make such arrangements as they may think fit and

as may be sanctioned by the Scottish Board of Health

(in this Act referred to as " the Board ") for providing

medicines and treatment to persons who are suffering

from diabetes and who, in the opinion of the local

authority, require assistance in obtaining such medicines

and treatment.

2. The Board may, if they think fit, by order authorise two or more local authorities to act together for the

purpose of this Act, and may prescribe the mode of such

joint action and of defraying the costs thereof.

3. This Act may be cited as the Public Health

(Scotland) Amendment Act, 1925, and shall be deemed

to be part of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

1925.

Expiring Laws Act, 1925.

Ch. 76.

1595

CHAPTER 76.

An Act to deal with certain Expiring Laws by

making some of them permanent, continuing

some of them permanently, and continuing the

remainder for a limited period.

[10th December 1925.]

WHEREAS the Acta mentioned in Part I. of the

First Schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are

hi force and are temporary in their duration, limited to

expire on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen

hundred and twenty-five:

And whereas by virtue of repeals effected by the Law

of Property (Amendment) Act, 1924, and the Administration of Estates Act, 1926, the Acts mentioned in

Part II. of the said Schedule will, to the extent

mentioned in the third column thereof, cease to have

effect and expire on the thirty-first day of December,

nineteen himdred and twenty-five:

And whereas of the Acts mentioned in the Second

Schedule to this Act, those mentioned in Parts I., II.,

and III., thereof are, in so far as they are in force

and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire

on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and

twenty-fife, the twenty-third day of December, nineteen

hundred and twenty-five, the fifteenth day of February,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six respectively, and those

mentioned in Part IV. thereof are limited to expire on

the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and

twenty-six:

And whereas it is expedient that the Acts mentioned

in the First Schedule to this Act should be made permanent or continue permanently in force, and that the Acts

mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act should be

continued, as in this Act mentioned, together in each

ease with any enactments amending or affecting the

same:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

16 Geo. 5.

0 . 5 .

15 Geo. 5.

0. 23.

1596

Ch. 76. Expiring Laws Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Certain Acts

to be

permanent.

Certain Acts

to be

continued

temporarily.

Amending

enactments.

Short title

and application to

Ireland.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) The Acts mentioned in Part I. of the Pirst

Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in

column three of that schedule, become permanent Acts,

and any provision in any Act in force at the date of the passing of this Act which limits the period for

which any of those Acts or any parts thereof are to

remain in operation shall cease to have effect.

(2) The Acts mentioned in Part II. of the Pirst

Schedule to this Act, shall, notwithstanding any such

repeal as is hereinbefore mentioned, not expire on the

date fixed for the repeal thereof, hut shall continue

permanently in force.

2. —(1) The Acts mentioned in Parts I.to III. inclusive

of the Second Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent

specified in column three of that schedule, be continued

until the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred

and twenty-six, and shall then expire, unless further

continued.

(2) The Acts mentioned in Part IV. of the Second

Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in

column three of that schedule, he continued until the

thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-

seven, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

3. Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting

the enactments made permanent or continued by this Act

shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration,

become permanent or be continued in like manner, whether

they are mentioned in the Pirst or Second Schedule (as

the case may be) to this Act or not.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the .Expiring

Laws Act, 1925.

(2) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland in

so far as it deals with any enactment relating to a

subject with respect to which the Parliament of Northern

Ireland has not power to make laws, but subject to this

provision this Act shall not apply to Ireland.

1925

Expiring Laws Act, 1925

Ch. 76,

1597

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Enactments made permanent.

1.

2

3.

4.

Session and

Title or Short Title.

How far made

Amendin'' Acts.

Chapter.

permanent.

- (1)

i Edw.7.<‘.r)5.

The London Cab and

As to the abolition

Stage Carriage

of the privileged

Act, 1907.

cah system, section two.

(> iSr i (jrCO« •) *

The Local Govern-

Section five, except

11 cV- 12 Geo..7.

c. 12.

nient (Emergency |

paragraph (a);

c. 12.

Provisions) Act,

section twelve;

1916.

subsections (1),

(2), and (3) of

section thirteen;

sections fourteen.

1

twenty-one and

twenty-two, except paragraph

(3); subsection

(1) of section

twenty-four.

Part II.

Enactments continued permanently in force.

O’.) I

.54 & HriHcn.H. All Acte to eiiiliarre llie whole Act. -

e. 20. I fayned recoveries

of Landes wherein

, the Kinges Ma-

jestye is in reversion.

1598

Isx SCH.

— eont.

Ch. 76. Expiring Laws Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

1.

Session and

Chapter.

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How far made

permanent.

4.

Amending Acts.

(4)

.3 & 4 Will. 4.

1

1

1

The Fines and Re-

j

.Section eighteen.

c. 74.

coveries Act, 1833.

(5)

1 1

4 & 5 Geo .!).

The Bankruptcy '

Section one him-

c. 59.

Act, 1914.

dred and thirty.

1

i

SECOND SCHEDULE.

1 .

Session and

Chapt er.

Part I.

[Short Title.]

8 .

How far continued. 1 Amendin'; Acts.

46 & 47 Vict, The Labourers (Ire- The whole Act

c. 60. land) Act, 1883,

48 & 49 Vict,

c. 77.

49 & 50 Vict,

c. 59.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 48.

54 & 55 Vict.

C.71.

55 & 56 Vict.

e. 7.

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 53.

61 & 62 Vict,

c. 37.

3 Edw. 7.

c. 37.

6 Edw. 7.

e. 37.

I 7 Edw. 7.

c. 44.

9 Edw. 7.

' c. 42.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 19.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 32,

I 8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 20.

9&]0 Geo. 5.

c. 55.

1925,

Expiring Laws Act, 1925.

Ch. 76,

1599

2. 3. 4.

Short Title. I How far continued., Amending Acts.

(2)!

58 & 59 Vict. The Seal Fisheries | The whole Act - 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

c. 21. (North Pacific) 1 e. 10.

Act, 1895. I

(3)

4Edw.7. c.24. The Wireless Tele- The whole Act. -

graphy Act, 1904.

2 & 3 Geo. 5. The Coal Mines The whole Act - 10 & 11 Geo.5.

c. 2. (^Minimum Wage) c. 50.

Act, 1912.

(5)

4&5 Geo. .5. The Grey Seals Pro- The whole Act. -

c. 3. tection Act, 1914.

(«)

1 A 5 (tci). Tile Courts (Kiner- So far as it relates 6 & 7 Geo..'.

(•.78. gency Powers) to orders made by c. 13.

Act. 1914., any court before 6 (t 7 Geo. 5.

' the thirty-first c. 18.

I day of August, 7 (fe 8 Geo. 5.

nineteen hundred e. 25.

and twenty-two. 9 10 Geo. 5.

c. 64.

I 10(fe11 Geo.5.

I c. 5.

! 13(fe 14 Geo.5.

6 (& 7 Geo. 5. The Local Govern- .Sections six, seven, II (fe 12 Geo. 5.

c. 12. ment (Emergency and nine: subsec- c. 12.

Provisions) Act, tion (7) of section

1916. thirteen; paragraph (3) of sec-

1 tion twenty-two.

(«)

6i<fe7 Geo.5. The Local Govern- The whole Act - |11 ll&12 12 Geo.5.

c. 55. ment (Emergency c. 12.

Provisions) (No. 2)

Act, 1916.

. (9) I

7 (fe 8 Geo. 5. The Coroners (Emer- The whole Act - 12 & 13 Geo.5.

c. 19. gency Provisions) c. 2.

Act, 1917.

(10) I

8 (fe 9 Geo. 5. The Juries Act, 1918 I .Section seven - 12 (fe 13 Geo..'!,

c. 23. c. 2.

1 .

Session and

Chapter.

2no Soh.

— corU.

1000

2nd Soh.

— amt.

Ch. 76. Expiring Laws Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5

1.

2.

3.

4.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How far continued.

Amending Acts.

(11)

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

The Statutory UnSo far as it relates

10 & 11 Geo.5.

c. 34.

dertakings (Temto tramway |

c. 14.

porary Increase

of Charges) Act,

1918.

undertakings.

(12)

9 & 10 Geo. S.

The Housing, Town

Section twenty-five.

c. 35.

Planning, &c.

. Act, 1919.

(13)

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

riie Housing, Town

.Section twenty-two.

c. 60.

Planning, &c.

(Scotlanil) Act,

1

1919.

(14)

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

The Aliens RestricSection one.

c. 92.

tion (Amendment)

Act, 1919.

(loj

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

The Land Settle.Sections one and

12 13GC0.5.

c. 97.

ment (Scotland)

Act, 1919.

two.

c. 52.

(16)

10 & 11 Gpo.5.

The Harl)Ours I'locks

The whole Act

12 & 13 Geo.5.

e. 21.

and Piers (Temporary Increase of

Charges) Act,

c. 23.

1920.

(17)

lO&11 Geo.o.

The Ministry of

.So far as it authoc. 47.

Food (Continurises the making,

ance) Act, 1920.

or revoking in

whole or in part,

of Parts I. and

III. of the Sale

of F'ood Order,

1921, and provides for the

enforcement and

imposes penalties

for the hreach

thereof.

a 18)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

The Unemployment

The whole Act.

I -

f. 57.

(Relief Works)

Act, 1920.

1

1925

Expiring Laws Act, 1925.

Ch. 76,

1601

1.

Session and

Chapter.

2 .

Short Title,

3. 1

How far continued. |

4.

I Amending Acts.

(19)

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

c. 58.

The Shops (Early

Closing) Act,

1920.

The whole Act

1

11 ll&12 12 Geo.5.

c. 60.

(20)

11 ll&12 12 Geo.5.

e. 66.

1

The National Health

Insurance (Prolongation of Insurance) Act,

1921.

The whole Act.

(21)

1 l X'l.T (4eo..'). The National Health Section three,

e. 10. Insurance (Cost of

Medical Benefit)

Act, 1924.

(22)

14 A 15 (4co.5. The JN ational Health

I Section fifty-four.

1

c. 38. Insurance Act,

1924.

1

2irD SoH.

— cont.

Part II.

(23) I

lOA11 Geo. 3.

(!. 6 .').

The Emiiloyinent of

Women, Young

Persons and

Children Act,

1920.

Section two.

Part III.

(24)

12 & 13 Geo. 5.

The Canals (Con- i The whole Act

15 & 16 Geo.5.

c. 27.

tinuanceof Charg- |

c. 2.

ing Powers) Act,

1922.

5 I

1602 '

2ni> Soh.

— eont.

Clonfirma-

tion of

Agreement.

Ch. 76, 77. Expiring Laws Act, 1925. 16 & 16 Geo. 5.

Part IV.

1.

Session and

Chapter.

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How far continued.

4.

Amending Acts.

(25)

59 & 60 Vict,

The Agricultural

The whole Act

2 Edw. 7.

c. 16.

Rates Act, 1896.

c. 42.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 13.

(26)

59 & 60 Vict.

The Agricultural

The whole Act

60 & 61 Vict.

c. 37.

Rates, Congested

Districts, and

Burgh Laud Tax

Relief (Scotland)

Act, 1896.

c. 53.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 13.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 49.

(27)

j

1.1 & 14GC0.5.

The Agricultural

The whole Act,

j 15 Geo. 5.

<•. .39.

Rates Act, 1923.

except section

fifteen.

c. 10.

CHAPTER 77.

An Act to confirm and give effect to a certain

Agreement amending and supplementing the

Articles of Agreement for a Treaty between

Great Britain and Ireland to which the force

of law was given by the Irish Free State (Agreement) Act, 1922, and by the Constitution of the

Irish Free State (Saorstat Eireann) Act, 1922.

[10th December 1925.]

Be it enacted by the Bang’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) The Agreement set forth in the Schedule to

this Act, being an Agreement amending and supplementing the Articles of Agreement for a Treaty between

1925.

Ireland {Confirmation

of Agreement) Act, 1925.

Ch. 77.

1G03

Great Britain and Ireland, to which the force of law was

given by the Irish Free State (Agreement) Act, 1922,

and by the Constitution of the Irish Free State (Saorstat

Eireann) Act, 1922, is hereby confirmed, and the said

Articles of Agreement for a Treaty and the Irish Free

State (Agreement) Act, 1922, shall have effect accordingly.

(2) The date as from which the powers in relation

to Northern Ireland, which by the Government of Ireland

Act, 1920, are made powers of the Council of Ireland,

are to be transferred to the Parliament and Government of Northern Ireland, shall be the first day of April,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, and that day shall, in

relation to the transfer of those powers, be the appointed

day for the purposes of the Government of Ireland Act,

1920; and as from that day so much of the Government

of Ireland Act, 1920, and the Irish Free State (Consequential Provisions) Act, 1922 (Session 2), as relates to the Council of Ireland is hereby repealed:

Provided that this repeal shall not affect the provisions of subsection (2) of section ten of the Government

of Ireland Act, 1920, as modified by paragraph 3 of the

First Schedule to the Irish Free State (Consequential

Provisions) Act, 1922 (Session 2) with respect to the

rates, fares, tolls, dues and other charges authorised to

be charged by railway companies in Northern Ireland

or the powers of the Railway and Canal Commission

thereunder, until fresh provision is made by the Parliament of Northern Ireland with regard to the amount of

any such rates, fares, toUs, dues and other charges.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Ireland (Confirmation of Agreement) Act, 1925.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the date

on which the said Agreement is confirmed by Act of the

Parliament of the Irish Free State, or if such an Act is

passed before the passing of this Act shall come into

operation on the passing of this Act.

12 Geo. 6.

0. 4.

10 & 11

Geo. 6. c. 07.

13 Geo. 5.

0 . 2 .

Short title

and commencement.

612

1604 Ch. 77. Ireland {Confirmation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

of Agreement) Act, 1925.

SCHEDULE.

• Agreement amending and supplementing the

Articles of Agreement por a Treaty between

Great Britain and Ireland to which the force

OF LAW WAS given BY THE IRISH FrEE StaTE

(Agreement) Act, 1922, and by the Constitution

OF THE Irish Free State (Saorstat Eireann)

Act, 1922.

Whereas on the sixth day of December nineteen hundred and

twenty-one Articles of Agreement for a Treaty between Great

Britain and Ireland were entered into:

And whereas the said Articles of Agreement were duly

ratified and given the force of law by the Irish Free State (Agreement) Act, 1922, and by the Constitution of the Irish Free State

(Saorstat Eireann) Act, 1922:

And whereas the progress of events and the improved

relations now subsisting between the British Government, the

Government of the Irish Free State, and the Government of

Northern Ireland, and their respective peoples, make it desirable

to amend and supplement the said Articles of Agreement, so as

to avoid any causes of friction which might mar or retard the

further growth of friendly relations between the said governments

and peoples:

And whereas the British Government and the Government

of the Irish Free State being united in amity in this undertaking

with the Government of Northern Ireland, and being resolved

mutually to aid one another in a spirit of neighbourly comradeship,

hereby agree as follows:—

1. The powers conferred by the proviso to Article 12 of the

said Articles of Agreement on the Commission Idierein mentioned

are hereby revoked, and the extent of Northern Ireland for the

purposes of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, and of the

said Articles of Agreement, shall be such as was fixed by subsection (2) of section one of that Act.

2. The Irish Free State is hereby released from the obligation

under Article 5 of the said Articles of Agreement to assume the

liability therein mentioned.

3. The Irish Free State hereby assumes all habiUty undertaken by the British Government in respect of malicious damage

done since the twenty-first day of January nineteen hundred and

nineteen to property in the area now under the jurisdiction of the Parliament and Government of the Irish Free State, and the

Government of the Irish Free State shall repay to the British

1925.

Ireland {Confirmation

of Agreement) Act, 1925.

Ch. 77.

1605

Grovernment, at such time or times and in such manner as may be

agreed upon, moneys already paid by the British Government

in respect of such damage, or liable to be so paid under obligations

already incurred.

4. The Government of the Irish Free State hereby agrees

to promote legislation increasing by ten per cent the measure

of compensation under the Damage to Property (Compensation)

Act, 1923, in respect of malicious damage to property done in

the area now under the jmisdiction of the Parliament and

Government of the Irish Free State between the eleventh day of

July, nineteen hundred and twenty-one, and the twelfth day of

May, nineteen hundred and twenty-three, and providing for the

payment of such additional compensation by the issue of Five per

Cent Compensation Stock or Bonds.

.5. The powers in relation to Northern Ireland which by the

Government of Ireland Act, 1920, are made powers of the Council

of Ireland, shall be and are hereby transferred to and shall become

powers of the Parliament and the Government of Northern

Iieland; and the Governments of the Irish Free State and of

Northern Ireland shall meet together as and when necessary

for the purpose of considering matters of common interest arising

out of or connected with the exercise and administration of the

said powers.

6. This Agreement is subject to confirmation by the British

Parliament and by the Oireachtas of the Irish Free State, and the

Act of the British Parliament confirming this Agreement shall

fix the date as from which the transfer of the powers of the

Council of Ireland under this Agreement is to take effect.

Dated this 3rd day of December, 1926.

Signed on behalf of the

British Government.

STANLEY BALDWIN.

WINSTON S.

CHURCHILL.

W. JOYNSON-HICKS.

BIRKENHEAD.

L. S. AMERY.

Signed on behalf of the

Government of the

Irish Free State.

LIAM T. MacCOSGAIR.

KEVIN O’HIGGINS.

EARNAN db BLAGHD.

Signed on behalf of the Government of

Northern Ireland.

JAMES CRAIG.

CHARLES H.

BLACKMORE,

Secretary to the

Cabinet of

Northern Ireland.

1606

Ch. 78.

Issue of

£ 10, 100,000

out of the

Consolidated

Fund.

Power for

the Treasury

to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 2.

Appropriation [No. 2) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

CHAPTER 78.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated

Fund to the service of the year ending on the

thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine

hundred and twenty-six, and to appropriate

the further Supplies granted in this Session of

Parliament.

[22nd December 1925.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

TT7 E, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

YV the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards

making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted

to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have

resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter

mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your

Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice

and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the authority of the same, as follows:—

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1, The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making

good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one

thousand nine hundred and twenty-six, the sum of

ten million one hundred thousand pounds.

2. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person,

by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank

of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the

Treasruy on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums

not exceeding in the whole ten million one himdred

thousand pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills

issued under this section shall be a date not later than

the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred

and twenty-six, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act,

1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not

apply with respect to those bills.

1925.

Appropriation {No. 2)

Act, 1925. Ch. 78.

1607

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury

Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five

pounds per cent, per annum, out of the grovdng produce

of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than

the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money

was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and

shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be

available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

Appropriation op Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act out of the said Appropria-

Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply

granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by supply ser-

Schedule (A), in the aggregate, to the sum of ten million vices,

one hundred thousand pounds, are appropriated for the

services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed

hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed

hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall

be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as

if they had been contained in the body thereof.

4. This Act may be cited for aU purposes as the Short title.

Appropriation (No. 2) Act, 1925.

ABSTRACT

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this, *

Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.) Section 3

£ s. d.

- 10, 100,000 0 0

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund -

1608

Ch. 78.

Section 3.

SCHED. (A).

■Appropriation {No. 2) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

SCHEDULE (B.) —^Appropbiation OF Grakts.

1925-1926.

Civil Services (Supplementary) 1925-26

Total - . ., -

Supply Grants.

£ s. d.

10, 100,000 0 0

10, 100,000 0 0

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the (Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ending on the

31st day of March 1926 :—

£ .S ', d.

Under this Act 10, 100,000 0 0

Total. 10, 100,000 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.)

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1926-26.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the

Charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the

Year ending on the 31st day of March 1926, viz. :—.

CIVIL SERVICES.

Cr, Ass VI. Supply Grants.

Sums not exceeding

For defraying the liability under the Government Guarantee in respect of any loss

which may result from the holding of the £

British Empire Exhibition ... 1, 100,000

Unclassified Service.

For a Subvention in Aid of Wages in the

Coal Mining Industry .... 9,000,000

1925.

Safeguarding of Industries

{Customs Duties) Act, 1925.

Ch. 79.

1609

CHAPTER 79.

An Act to impose customs duties on certain goods

with a view to the safeguarding of certain

industries, and for purposes cormected therewith.

[22nd December 1925.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects

the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, with a

view to the safeguarding of certain special industries in

the United Kingdom have freely and voluntarily resolved

to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties

hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly

beseech Yoiu* Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it

enacted by the !^ng’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the authority of the same, as

follows:—

1. —(1) During a period of five years from the com- Customs

mencement of this Act there shall be charged, levied, duties on

and paid on the importation into Great Britain or

Northern Ireland of the articles specified in the first

column of the First Schedule to this Act the duties of

customs respectively specified in the second column of

that Schedule.

(2) Where any articles to be charged with duty under

this section are such Empire products as are entitled to

preferential rates under section eight of the Finance Act, 9 & lOGeo.5.

1919, they shall, instead of being charged with duty at o. 32.

the full rate specified in the First Schedule to this Act,

be charged with duty at a preferential rate equal to

two-thirds of the fuU duty, in all respects as if the said

articles and the said preferential rate were included in

the Second Schedule to the Finance Act, 1919.

(3) Where any article chargeable with duty xmder

this Act is also chargeable with any other duties of

customs, the highest duty only shall be charged.

(4) For the purposes of and in connection with the

duties imposed by this Act, the enactments set out in

the Second Schedule to this Act (which contain provisions relating to other duties of customs) shall have

1610

Ch. 79.

Safeguarding of Industries 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Customs Duties) Act, 1925.

Construction and

short title.

39 & 40 Vict.

c. 36.

effect as if they were re-enacted in this Act and in

terms made applicable to the duties imposed by this Act.

2. —(1) This Act shall be construed together with

the Customs (Consolidation) Act, 1876, and any enactments amending that Act.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Safeguarding of

Industries (Customs Duties) Act, 1925.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Article.

Rate of duty.

Cutlery.

Knives with one or more blades made

whoUy or partly of steel or iron,

other than surgical knives or knives

for use in machines - . .

Scissors, including tailors’ shears and

secateurs, made wholly or partly of

steel or iron - . -

Safety razors and component parts

thereof ----

Razors, other than safety razors -

Carving forks -

Knife sharpeners wholly or partly of

steel - - - -

Handles, blades or blanks for any of the above-mentioned articles -

An amount equal to

thirty-three and one-

third per cent, of the

value of the article.

Gloves.

Gloves made in whole or in part of

leather or of fur, and leather or

fur cut out ready for sewing into

gloves, but not including gloves

known as astrakhan gloves or gloves

in which leather is used only as

trimming or binding - . -

Gloves cut out of woven or knitted

material consisting in whole or in

part of cotton and sewn up and

known as fabric gloves, and

material] for such gloves cut out

ready for sewing - -

An amount equal to

thirty-three and one-

third per cent, of the

value of the article.

1925.

Safeguarding of Industries

[Customs Duties) Act, 1925.

Ch. 79.

1611

Mantles for Incandescent Lighting.

IMantles for incandescent lighting,

whether collodioniscd or not - - the gross '

Impregnated hose or stockings for use

in the manufacture of such mantles- the lb.

IST SOH.

—cont.

6s. Od.

45. 6d.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments applied fob puepose of Duties

IMPOSED BY Act.

S. 13 of the Safeguarding of Industries Act, 1921.

13. Subject to compliance with such conditions as to

security for the re-exportation of the goods as the Commissioners

may impose, this Act shall not apply to goods imported for

exportation after transit through the United Kingdom or by

way of transhipment.

S. 13 (5) of Finance (No, 2) Act, 1915.

(5) The Treasury may by order exempt any articles mentioned in the order which are liable to any new import duty

from that duty if they are satisfied that, having regard to the

small value of the article, it is inexpedient that the duty should

be charged.

Ss. (2) and (3) of s. 6 and ss. 10 and 11 of the Finance Act, 1925.

6 .—(2) If any goods chargeable with duty under this section

are proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to be goods

brought back into Great Britain or Northern Ireland after having

been exported therefrom for the purpose of undergoing any

process out of Great Britain or Northern Ireland, the value of the goods for the purposes of this section shall be taken to be

their value as ascertained in accordance with the provisions of this

Part of this Act after deducting therefrom such amount as is

proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been

the value of the goods at the time of exportation, together with

freight and insmance outwards.

(3) If it is proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners

that duty has been paid under this section in respect of any

16i2

Ch. 79.

Safeguarditig of Industries 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

{Customs Duties) Act, 1925.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

39 & 40 Vict,

c. 36.

42 & 43 Vict,

c. 21.

goods, and that the goods have not been used in Great Britain

or Northern Ireland, a drawback equal to the amount of the

duty so paid shall be allowed on the goods if exported as

merchandise.

10. —(1) Where the rate of a duty of customs imposed by

this Act on any article is a percentage of the value of the article,

that value shall be taken to be the price which an importer would

give for the article, if it were delivered, freight and insurance

paid, in bond at the port of importation, and duty shall be paid

on that value as fixed by the Commissioners.

(2) Any dispute arising as to the proper rate of duty payable

under this Act shall, so far as any question of value is concerned,

be referred to a referee to be appointed by the Lord Chancellor,

and the decision of the referee shall be final and conclusive:

Provided that the person to be appointed as a referee shall

not be an ofiicial of any Government department.

Sections thirty and thirty-one of the Customs Consolidation

Act, 1876, shall, as re.spccts any such dispute as to value, have

effect as if an application for reference to a referee under this

provision were substituted for the action or suit mentioned in

those sections.

(3) The procedure on any such reference shall be such as

may be determined by the referee.

11 . Section six of tho Customs and Inland Revenue Act,

1879, shall not apply to articles on which a duty of customs is

charged by section three, section four or section six of this Act,

and any such articles re-imported into Great Britain or Northern

Ireland after exportation therefrom shall be exempt from duty

if it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners either

that the article had not previously to exportation been imported

into Great Britain or Northern Ireland at a time when a duty

of customs was payable on articles of that class (whether under

this Act or under the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915), and had not

previously to exportation been made in Great Britain or

Northen Ireland at a time when an excise duty was payable on

articles of that class, or, where duty was paid, that no drawback

of duty was allowed on exportation, or that any drawback so

allowed has been repaid to the Exchequer.

1925.

Mining Industry

(Welfare Fund) Act, 1925.

Ch. 80.

1613

CHAPTER 80.

An Act to extend the period during which payments are to be made to the fund constituted

under section twenty of the Mining Industry

Act, 1920, and to increase the number of the

committee appointed thereunder.

[22nd December 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The period during which payments are to be Continu-

made to the fund constituted under section twenty of ance of the Mining Industry Act, 1920, shall be extended by five payments

years, and the number of the committee constituted

under that section shall be increased by two, of whom increase in

one shall be appointed by the Board of Trade after number of

consultation with the Mining Association of Great committee.

Britain, and one shall be so appointed after consultation

with the Miners Federation of Great Britain, and

accordingly the aforesaid section .shall have effect as if —

(a) in subsection (2) for "five years" there were

substituted " ten years ";

(6) in subsection (3) for " five persons " there were

substituted " seven persons, " for " of whom

one " there were substituted " of whom two, "

and for " another " there were substituted

" two."

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Mining Industry Short title

(Welfare Fund) Act, 1925, and the Mining Industry Act, extent.

1920, and this Act may be cited together as the Mining

Industry Acts, 1920 and 1925.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

lGi4

Power to

High

Court of

Justiciary

to determine

circuits, &c.

Ch. 81. Circuit Courts and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Criminal Procedure [Scotland) Act, 1925.

CHAPTER 81.

An Act to consolidate and regulate the law-

regarding the circuits of the High Court of

Justiciary and the holding of circuit courts,

and to amend the law relating to criminal

procedure in Scotland in certain respects.

[22nd December 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) It shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of Justiciary by Act of Adjournal from time to

time as to them shall seem necessary after consultation

with the Lord Advocate—

(a) to alter the existing circuits of the High Court

of Justiciary, to form new circuits, and to fix

and determine the Hmits of each existing

or new circuit, and the coimties, portions of

counties, cities or burghs, and districts which

shall be included within the same;

(6) to detach any portion of the district exclusively

attached to the said High Court sitting at

Edinburgh from such district and to include

the same in any adjoining circuit or to detach

any district from an adjoining circuit and to

include the same in the district exclusively

attached to the said High Court sitting at

Edinburgh;

(c) to fix and determine the number of circuit

courts to be held and the places at which the

same shall be held within each such circuit

in each year, and to define the periods of the

year at which such circuit courts shall be held

and to alter the same as occasion shall require,

and to appoint the particular dates of such

courts and to appoint that any particular

circuit courts in any circuit shall be for the trial

of criminal cases only; and

1925.

Circuit Courts and Ch. 81.

Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1925.

1615

(d) to make such provision as may be necessary

for the carrying out of the powers hereinbefore conferred, including such modifications

as may appear to be necessary in the existing

statutory provisions for the preparing and keeping jury books and for making returns of and

summoning jurors to serve on any assize for

the trial of criminal cases.

(2) Every Act of Adjournal made in pursuance of this section shall be published in such manner as the

Lords Commissioners of Justiciary shall direct, and shall

take effect from the date thereof or from such other

date as shall be specified therein.

(3) The Lords Commissioners of Justiciary shall hold

such sittings for the trial of criminal cases from time to

time as may be necessary on the requisition of the Lord

Advocate. And every sitting of the High Court, whether

under the existing law and practice or under this Act

shall be a sitting of the High Court of Justiciary.

2.—(1) Where a person accused who has pleaded

not guilty at the first diet shall thereafter, at any time

before the date appointed for the second diet, give

written notice to the Crown Agent through his own

procurator that he intends to plead guilty to the charge

in whole or in part, and the Lord Advocate shall intimate

to the Clerk of Justiciary that he is prepared to accept

such plea, section forty-nine of the Criminal Procedure

(Scotland) Act, 1887, shall apply to the case of such

person in hke manner as if he had pleaded guilty at the

first diet, and where such person shall at the second diet

tender a plea not in accordance with the notice, and

such plea shall not be accepted by the prosecutor,

section forty-one of the said Act shall apply in hke

manner as it appHes to the case where the Court allows

a plea of guilty to be withdrawn or modified.

(2) Sections forty-eight and fifty of the Criminal

Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887, shall apply wherever

the number of persons indicted for any sitting of the

High Court of Justiciary, who have neither pleaded

guilty nor in whose cases such notice and intimation as

is mentioned in the preceding subsection has been given,

is such as to render the holding of a special or separate

Court inexpedient or unnecessary:

Procedure

where

accused

person

notifies

after first

diet intention to

plead guilty.

60 & 51 Vict 51 Vict,

c. 35.

1616

Ch. 81.

Clerk to

state charge

and swear

jury.

Repeal.

Circuit Courts and 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1925.

Provided that in the said section fifty the words

" presented within three days immediately succeeding

" the first diet " shall be repealed.

3. The following section shall be substituted for

section fifty-four of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland)

Act, 1887

" 54, When a jmy has been balloted the

clerk of court shall inform the jury of the charge

against the person accused either by reading

the same in the words of the indictment (with

the substitution of the third person for the second)

or, if the presiding judge shall, because of the

length or complexity of the indictment, so direct,

by reading to the jury a summary of the charge

approved by the judge; and the clerk of co\irt

shall thereafter administer the oath in common

form; and it shall not be necessary to lay before

the jury copies of the indictment, fist of witnesses,

or list of productions, but it shall nevertheless

be competent to the presiding judge, if he shall

so think fit, to direct that copies of the indictment

(omitting so far as necessary to conform to the

terms of section sixty-seven of this Act any

reference to previous conviction and without any

list of witnesses or of productions appended)

shall be laid before the jury."

4. The enactments specified in the Schedule hereto

are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third

column of the said schedule: Provided always that

notwithstanding such repeal the arrangements presently

existing regulating the limits of the circuits of the High

Court of Justiciary, the number of circuit courts to be

held annually in each such circuit, and the times and

places for holding the same, and any other matters dealt

with by section one of this Act shall continue in full

force and effect until and except in so far as the same

shall be altered by the said Lords Commissioners in

pursuance of the powers conferred upon them by section

one of this Act.

5. This Act may be cited as the Clircuit Courts

and Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1925.

Short title.

1925.

Circuit Courts and Ch. 81.

Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1926.

1617

SCHEDULE.

Section 4.

Session and

Chapter.

Title of Act.

Extent of Repeal.

6 Anne c. 40 -

The Union with

Scotland (Amendment) Act, 1707.

Section four.

20 Geo. n.

The Heritable Juris-

Section thirty-one, in section

thirty-three from the words

" or of such other circuit "

to the words "hereinafter

mentioned " and from the

words " and that the burgh

of Inveraray " to the end

of the section.

Section thirty-nine.

Section forty, from the beginning to the words "hereinbefore made."

c. 43.

diction (Scotland)

Act, 1746.

21 Geo. n.

0.19.

The Sherifis (Scotland) Act, 1747.

Section thirteen.

9 Geo. IV.

c. 29.

The Circuit Courts

(Scotland) Act,

1828.

Sections one, three, and four

11 Geo. IV. &

1 Wm. IV.

c. 37.

The Criminal Law

(Scotland) Act,

1830.

Section three.

.39 & 40 Vict,

c. cliii.

(Local Act). An

Act to alter the

Justiciary District

of the County of

Peebles.

Section one.

50 & 61 Vict.

The Criminal Pro-

In section forty-six from the

c. 35.

cedure (Scotland)

Act, 1887.

beginning of the section down

to the words "shall be a

" sitting of the High Court

" of Justiciary and ".

In section fifty the words

" presented within three

" days immediately succeed-

" ing the first diet."

Section fifty-four.

Schedule P.

5K

1618

Ch. 82.

Roads a'iid Streets 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

in Police Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1925.

Redemp-J |

tion of

annual

sums pay- J

able in

respect ofj

transfers of

highways

under

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 32.

CHAPTER 82.

An Act to provide for the redemption of annual

sums payable in respect of transfers of highways

in police burghs under the Roads and Streets

in Police Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1891, and for

other purposes connected therewith.

[22nd December 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) Where in pm-suance of the Roads and Streets

in Police Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1891, the highways

in any police burgh have been, or shall hereafter be,

transferred to the town council of such burgh on terms,

whether arrived at by agreement or settled by the sheriff,

which provide for the payment by the town council to the cormty council of an annual sum, the town council

shall redeem their liability to make such pa 3 nnent by

making in accordance with the provisions of the following

subsection the payments therein specified.

(2) In the case where the highways were transferred

prior to the sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and

twenty-four, the town council shall pay, not later than

the fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-

six, a capital sum equal to ten times the annual sum and

in the case where the highways were or shall be transferred

after the date first mentioned in this subsection, the

town council shall pay, on the fifteenth day of May,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, or on the fifteenth

day of May next ensuing after the date when terms providing for an annual payment have been agreed on or

settled by the sheriff if that date be later than the

fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-six,

a capital sum equal to fifteen times the annual sum, and

in any of the aforesaid cases the town council shall also

pay to the coimty council any annual sum which may be

due at the date of payment of the capital sum or such

part of the annual sum as shall be proportionate to the

1925.

Roads and Streets Ch. 82, 83.

in Police Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1925.

1619

period between the date when the last preceding payment of the annual sum fell due and the date of payment

of the capital sum.

2. A town council required to make a capital Power to

payment under the provisions of this Act may borrow borrow,

the amount thereof on the security of the assessment

imposed by them for the purposes of the Roads and 41 & 42 Vict.

Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878, provided that any sum so

borrowed shall be repaid within ten years or within

fifteen years according as the capital sum is ten times

or is fifteen times the annual sum in respect of which the

capital payment is required to be made.

3. Section three of the Roads and Streets in Pohee Repeal of s. 3

Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1891, is hereby repealed. Vio^L *11

4. This Act may be cited as the Roads and Streets Citation and

in Police Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1925, and this Act and construc-

the Roads and Streets in Police Burghs (Scotland) Act,

1891, may be cited as the Roads and Streets in Police

Burghs (Scotland) Acts, 1891 and 1925, and shall be

construed together as one Act.

CHAPTER 83.

An Act to amend the provisions of the Government of India Act by exempting proposals for

expenditure upon certain salaries, pensions and

other payments from submission to Indian

legislatures, and to enable rules made under

the said Act relating to the Civil Services of the Crown in India to be dispensed with or

relaxed in certain cases.

[22nd December 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Sections sixty-seven &. and seventy-two D of Amendment

the Government of India Act shall as from and after the of ss. 67a

thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and twenty- '72 d of

5K 2

1620

Ch. 83.

Government of

India Act.

Government of India {Civil 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Services) Act, 1925.

four, have effect as though the following amendments

were made therein :—

(1) In subsection (3) of the said section sixty-

seven A (which relates to proposals for the

appropriation of money which are not to be

submitted to the vote of the Legislative

Assembly) there shall be substituted for

paragraphs (hi) and (iv) the following paragraphs :—

"(hi) Salaries and pensions payable to

or to the dependants of—

(a) persons appointed by or with the

approval of His Majesty or by the

Secretary of State in Council;

(b) chief commissioners and judicial

commissiQiiers;

(c) persons appointed before the first

day of April, nineteen hundred and

twenty-four, by the Governor-

General in Council or by a local

government to services or posts

classified by rules under this Act as

superior services or posts; and

" (iv) Suips payable to any person who is

or has been in the civil service of the Crown

in India under any order of the Secretary of

State in Council, of the Governor-General in

Council, or of a governor, made upon an

appeal made to him in pursuance of rules

made under this Act."

(2) In subsection (3) of the said section seventy-

two D (which relates to proposals for the

appropriation of money which are not to be

submitted to governors’ legislative councils)

there shah, be substituted for paragraphs (iv)

and (v) the following paragraphs:

" (iv) Salaries and pensions payable to

or to the dependants of—

(a) persons appointed by or with the

approval of His Majesty or by the

Secretary of State in Council;

(b) judges of the high court of the

province;

1925.

1621

Government of India {Civil Cii. 8.3.

Services) Act, 1925.

(c) the advocate-general;

(d) persons appointed before the first

day of April, nineteen hundred and

twenty-four, by the Governor-

General in Council or by a local

government to services or posts

classified by rules under this Act as

superior services or posts; and

" (v) Sums payable to any person who is or

has been in the civil service of the Crown in

India under any order of the Secretary of

State in Council, of the Governor-General in

Council, or of a governor, made upon an

appeal made to him in pursuance of rules

made under this Act."

(3) At the end of subsection (3) of each of the said

sections sixty-seven A and seventy-two d the

following provision shall be added :—

" For the purposes of this subsection the

expression ‘ salaries and pensions’includes

remuneration, allowances, gratuities, any contributions (whether by way of interest or

otherwise) out of the revenues of India to

any provident fund or family pension fund,

and any other payments or emoluments payable to or on account of a person in respect of

his office."

2. At the end of. section ninety-six B of the Amendment

Government of India Act (which relates to the civil

services in India) there shall be inserted the following

subsection:—

ment of

India Act,

"(5) No rules or other provisions made or

confirmed under this section shall be construed

to limit or abridge the power of the Secretary of

State in Council to deal with the case of any

person in the civil service of the Crown in India

in such manner as may appear to him to be just

and equitable, and any rules made by the

Secretary of State in Council under subsection (2)

of this section delegating the power of making

rules may provide for dispensing with or relaxing

the requirements of such rules to such extent and

in such manner as may be prescribed:

1622

Amendment

of s. 97 of

Government

of India

Act.

Short title,

construction

and printing.

9 & 10

Geo. 5.

c. 101.

Liability of

employers

to workmen

for injuries.

Ch. 83, 84. Government of India {Civil 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Services) Act, 1925.

Provided that where any such rule or provision is applicable to the case of any person,

the case shall not be dealt with in any manner

less favourable to him than that provided by the

rule or provision."

3. In subsection (6) of section ninety-seven of the

Government of India Act (which relates to the appointment to the Indian Civil Service of persons domiciled in

India) the words "in Council" shall be inserted after the

words " Secretary of State " where those words first

occur.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Government

of India (Civil Services) Act, 1925.

(2) Subsection (2) of section forty-five of the

Government of India Act, 1919 (which relates to the

effect of amendments to and the printing of the Government of India Act) shall have effect as if it were herein

re-enacted and in terms made applicable to the amendments effected by this Act.

CHAPTER 84.

An Act to consolidate the law relating to compensation to workmen for injuries suffered in

the course of their employment.

[22nd December 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lor

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Compensation for Injuries.

Right to Compensation.

1. —(1) If in any employment personal injury by

accident arising out of and in the course of the employment is caused to a workman, his employer shall, subject

as hereinafter mentioned, be liable to pay compensation

in accordance with the provisions hereinafter contained;

1925.

Workmen's Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1G2.3

Provided that—

(a) The employer shall not be liable under this Act

in respect of any injury which does not

disable the workman for a period of at least

three days from earning full wages at the

work at which he was employed:

(b) If it is proved that the injury to a workman is

attributable to the serious and wilful misconduct of that workman, any compensation

claimed in respect of that injury shall, unless

the injury results in death or serious and

permanent disablement, be disallowed.

(2) For. the purposes of this Act, an accident resulting

in the death or serious and permanent disablement of

a workman shall be deemed to arise out of and in the

course of his employment, notwithstanding that the

workman was at the time when the accident happened

acting in contravention of any statutory or other regulation applicable to his employment, or of any orders given

by or on behalf of his employer, or that he was acting

without instructions from his employer, if such act was

done by the workman for the purposes of and in connection with his employer’s trade or business.

(3) This Act shall apply notwithstanding any contract to the contrary, whether made before or after

the commencement of this Act, except that where under

this Act the provisions of a scheme are substituted

for the provisions of this Act, the employer shall be

liable only in accordance with the scheme.

2, —(1) The compensation shall be payable to or

for the benefit of the workman, or, where death results

from the injury, to or for the benefit of his dependants

as provided by this Act.

(2) Where there are both total and partial dependants

nothing in this Act shall be construed as preventing

the compensation being allotted partly to the total and

partly to the partial dependants,

(3) Where a dependant dies before a claim under

this Act is made, or if a claim has been made, before an

agreement or award has been arrived at or made, the

legal personal representative of the dependant shall have

no right to payment of compensation, and the amount of

compensation shall be calculated and apportioned as if

that dependant had died before the worl^an.

Persons

entitled to

compensation.

1624

Meaning of

" workman."

Dependants

entitle to

compensation.

Ch. 84. Workmen's Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

3. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires, the expression "workman, " subject to the

exceptions hereinafter mentioned, means any person who

has entered into or works under a contract of service

or apprenticeship with an employer, whether by way of

manual labour, clerical work or otherwise, and whether

the contract is expressed or implied, is oral or in writing;

and also includes a person engaged in plying for hire

with any vehicle or vessel the use of which is obtained

from the owner thereof under any contract of bailment

(other than a hire purchase agreement) in consideration

of the payment of a fixed sum or a share in the earnings

or otherw ise.

(2) The followdng persons are excepted from the

definition of workman, that is to say—

(a) any person employed otherwise than by way

of manual labour whose remuneration exceeds

three hundred and fifty pounds a year; or

(b) a person whose employment is of a casual

nature and who is employed otherwise than for

the purposes of the employer’s trade or business,

not being a person employed for the purposes of

any game or recreation and engaged or paid

through a club; or

(c) a member of a police force; or

\d) an out worker; or

(e) a member of the employer’s family dwelling in

his house.

(3) If on any proceedings for the recovery of compensation under this Act it appears to the judge of

county courts or other person by whom the claim to

compensation is to be settled that the contract of service

or apprenticeship under which the injured person was

working at the time when the accident causing the

injury happened w'as illegal, he may, if having regard

to all the circumstances of the case he thinks proper so to

do. deal with the matter as if the injured person had at

the time aforesaid been a person working under a valid

contract of service or apprenticeship.

4. —(1) The dependants of a workman entitled to

claim compensation under this Act where the injury

results in death are such of the members of the workman’s

family as were wholly or in part dependent upon the

earnings of the workman at the time of his death, or

1925. Workmen’s Compensation Ch. 84. 1025

Act, 1925.

would but for the incapacity due to the accident have

been so dependent, and where the workman, being the

parent or grandparent of an illegitimate child, leav^es

such a child so dependent upon his earnings, or, being an

illegitimate child, leaves a parent or grandparent so

dependent upon his earnings, shall include such an

illegitimate child and parent or grandparent respectively.

(2) A person shall not be deemed to be a partial

dependant of another person unless he was dependent

partially on contributions from that other person for

the provision of the ordinary necessaries of life suitable

for persons in his class and position.

(3) In this Act unless the context otherwise requires

the expression "Member of a family" means wife or

husband, father, mother, grandfather, grandmother,

stepfather, stepmother, son, daughter, grandson, granddaughter, stepson, stepdaughter, brother, sister, half-

brother, half-sister.

5. — (1) In this Act unless the context otherwise Meaning of

requires the expression "Employer" includes anybody "employer."

of persons corporate or unincorporate and the legal

personal representative of a deceased employer, and,

where the services of a workman are temporarily lent or

let on hire to another person by the person with whom

the workman has entered into a contract of service or

apprenticeship, the latter shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to continue to be the employer of the

workman whilst he is working for that other person.

(2) In relation to a person engaged in. plying for

hire with any vehicle or vessel, the use of which is

obtained ffom the owner thereof under a contract of

bailment, the owner of the vehicle or vessel shall, for

the purposes of this Act, be deemed to be the employer.

(3) In relation to a person employed for the purposes

of any game or recreation and engaged or paid through a

club, the manager, or members of the managing committee,

of the club shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed

to be the employer.

6. —(1) Where any person (in this section referred to

as the principal), in the course of or for the piuposes of

his trade or business, contracts with any other person (in

this section referred to as the contractor) for the execution by or under the contractor of the whole or any part

Liability in

case of

workmen

employed by

contractors.

1626

Provision as

to cases of

bankruptcy

of employer.

Ch. 84. Workmen’s Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

of any work undertaken by the principal, the principal

shall be liable to pay to any workman employed in the

execution of the work any compensation under this Act

which he would have been liable to pay if that workman

had been immediately employed by him; and where

compensation is claimed from or proceedings are taken

against the principal, then, in the application of this Act, references to the principal shall be substituted for

references to the employer, except that the amount of

compensation shall be calculated with reference to the

earnings of the workman under the employer by whom

he is immediately employed:

Provided that, where the contract relates to

threshing, ploughing, or other agricultural work, and the

contractor provides and uses machinery driven by

mechanical power for the purpose of such work, he and

he alone shall be hable under tl^ Act to pay compensation

to any workman employed by him on such work.

(2) Where the principal is liable to pay compensation

under this section, he shall be entitled to be indemnified

by any person who would have been liable to pay

compensation to the workman independently of this

section.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be construed as

preventing a workman recovering compensation under

this Act from the contractor instead of the principal.

(4) This section shall not apply in any case where the

accident occurred elsewhere than on, or in, or about

premises on which the principal has undertaken to

execute the work or which are otherwise under his

control or management.

7.—(1) Where any employer has entered into a

contract with any insurers in respect of any liability

under this Act to any workman, then, in the event of the employer becoming bankrupt, or making a composition or arrangement with his. creditors, or, if the

employer is a company, in the event of the company

having commenced to be wound up or a receiver or

manager of the company’s business or undertaking having

been duly appointed, or possession having been taken,

by or on behalf of the holders of debentures secured

by a floating charge, of any property comprised in or

subject to the charge, the rights of the employer against

the insurers as respects that liability shall, notwithstanding

1925.

Workmen's Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1627

an 3 rthing in the enactments relating to bankruptcy and

the winding-up of companies, be transferred to and vest

in the workman, and upon any such transfer the insurers

shall have the same rights and remedies and be subject

to the same liabilities as if they were the employer, so

however that the insurers shall not be under any greater

liability to the workman than they would have been

under to the employer.

(2) If the liability of the insurers to the workman

is less than the hability of the employer to the workman,

the workman may prove for the balance in the bankruptcy

or liquidation, or, as the case may be, he may recover

the balance from the receiver or manager.

(3) There shall be included amongst the debts which—

(i) under section thirty-three of the Bankruptcy Act, 4 &, 5 Geo. 5.

1914, and section one hundred and eighteen c. 69

of the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1913, are 3&4 Geo.6.

in the distribution of the property or assets o- 20.

of a bankrupt, to be paid in priority to all

other debts;

(ii) imder section two hundred and nine of the

Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, are in 8 Edw. 7.

the winding-up of a company to be paid in 69.

priority to aU other debts; and

(iii) under section one hundred and seven of the

Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, are to

be paid in priority to any claim for principal

or interest in respect of debentures;

the amount due in respect of any compensation or

liability for, compensation accrued before the foUoTving

date, that is to say :—

(a) In the first case the date of the receiving order;

(b) In the second case the date of the commencement of the winding up of the company;

(c) In the third case the date of the appointment

of the receiver or of possession being taken

mentioned in the said section one hundred

and seven.

Where the compensation is a weekly payment, the

amovmt due in respect thereof shall, for the purposes of this provision, be taken to be the amount of the lump

sum for which the weekly payment could, if redeemable,

be redeemed if the employer made an ap]ilication for

that purpose under this Act,

1028

50 & 51 Vict,

o. 43.

Amount in

fatal cases.

Cir. 84. Woi'hmen's Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(4) In the case of the winding up of a company

within the meaning of the Stannaries Act, 1887, such

an amount as aforesaid, if the compensation is payable

to a miner or the dependants of a miner, shall have the

like priority as is conferred on wages of miners by section

nine of that Act, and that section shall have effect

accordingly.

(5) The provisions of this section with respect to

preferences and priorities shall not apply where the

bankrupt or the company has entered into such a contract

with insurers as aforesaid.

(6) This section shall not apply where a company is

wound up voluntarily merely for the purposes of reconstruction or of amalgamation with another company.

Amount of Compensation.

8.—(1) The compensation under this Act where

death results from the injury shall be a lump sum of an

amount calculated in accordance with the rules hereinafter contained, together with, if the workman leaves a

widow or other member of his family (not being a child

under the age of fifteen) wholly or partially dependent

upon his earnings, and in addition leaves one or more

children under the age of fifteen so dependent, an

additional sum (hereinafter referred to as the children’s

allowance) of an amoimt calculated in accordance with

the rules hereinafter contained, so, however, that the

lump sum and children’s allowance (which shall be added

together and dealt with as a single sura) shall not in any

case exceed in the aggregate six hundred pcfunds.

(2) The lump sum shall be calculated in accordance

with the following rules:—

(i) If the workman leaves any dependants wholly

dependent on his earnings, the lump sum shall

be a sum equal to his earnings in the employment of the same employer during the three

years next preceding the injury, or the sum of

two hundred pounds, whichever of those sums

is the larger, but not exceeding in any case

three hundred pounds;

(ii) If the period of the workman’s employment

by the said employer has been less than the

said three years, the amount of his earnings

1925. Workmen's Compensation Ch. 84. 1629

Act, 1925.

during the said three years shall, for the purposes of the foregoing rule, be deemed to be one

hundred and fifty-six times his average weekly

earnings during the period of his actual

employment under the said employer;

(iii) There shall be deducted from the sum as above

calculated the amount of weekly payments (if

any) made to the workman before his death

so, however, as not to reduce the lump sum

below two hundred pounds; and if such

weekly payments have been redeemed imder

this Act, there shall also be deducted the

amoimt paid in respect of the redemption

thereof;

(iv) If the workman does not leave any dependants

wholly dependent on his earnings, but leaves

any dependants in part so dependent, the

lump sum shall be such sum not exceeding in

any case the amount payable under the foregoing rules as may be agreed upon or, in

default of agreement, may be determined by

arbitration under this Act to be reasonable and

proportionate to the injury to the said

dependants;

(v) If the workman leaves no dependants, the

lump sum shall be an amount equal to the

reasonable expenses of his medical attendance

and burial, not exceeding fifteen pounds.

(3) The amount of the children’s allowance shall be

calculated in accordance with the following rules :—

(i) If both the widow or other member of the

workman’s family and such child or children as

aforesaid were aU wholly dependent on the

workman’s earnings, the children’s allowance

shall in respect of each such child be a sum

equal to fifteen per cent, of the amount arrived

at by multiplying the average weekly earnings

of the workman, or where such earnings are

less than one poimd, then by multiplying one

pound, or where such earnings exceed two

pounds then by multiplying two pounds, by the

number of weeks in the period between the

death of the workman and the date when the

1630 Ch. 84. Worhnen'a Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 6.

Act, 1925.

child will attain the age of fifteen, fractions of a

week being disregarded;

(ii) If the widow or other member of the workman’s

family and such child or children as aforesaid,

or any of them, were partially dependent on

the workman’s earnings, the children’s allowance

shall be such proportion of the sum which would

have been payable under the foregoing rule if

all such persons had been wholly dependent as

may be agreed upon or in default of agreement

as may, taking into consideration the amount

of the lump sum, be determined by arbitration

under this Act to be reasonable;

(iii) No deduction shall be made from the children’s

allowance in respect of the amount of any

weekly payments which may have been made

• to the workman under this Act in respect of the

same injury, but if such weekly payments

have been redeemed the amount paid in redemption thereof, if and so far as it exceeds

the lump sum payable, shall be deducted from

the amount of the children’s allowance as

ascertained under the foregoing rules.

9.—(1) The compensation under this Act where

total or partial incapacity for work results from the

injury shall be a weekly payment during the incapacity

of an amount calculated in accordance with the rules

hereinafter contained;

Provided that—

(a) if the incapacity lasts less than fo\ir weeks,

no compensation shall be payable in respect

of the ^st three days; and

(b) in fixing the amount of the weekly payment,

regard shall be had to any payment, allowance,

or benefit which the workman may receive

from the employer during the period of his

incapacity; and

(c) the weekly payment shall in no case exceed

thirty shillings.

(2) The rules for calculating the weekly payment

in the case of total incapacity shall be—

(i) The weekly payment shall subject to rule (ii)

be a sum not exceeding fifty per cent, of the

Amount in

cases of

total and

partial incapacity.

1925.

Workmen's Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1531

workman’s average weekly earnings during the

previous twelve months, if he has been so

long employed by the same employer, but

if not, then for any less period during which

he has been in the employment of the same

employer:

(ii) Where the maximum weekly payment calculated

according to rule (i) is less than twenty-five

s hillin gs, the workman shall be entitled during

such total incapacity to a weekly addition

equal to one-half of the difference between

such maximum weekly payment and the sum

of twenty-five s hillin gs or his average weekly

earnings, whichever is the less, and such

addition shall, for aU the purposes of this Act,

be treated as if it were part of the weekly

payment.

. (3) The rules for calculating the weekly payment

in the case of partial incapacity shall be—

(i) If the maximum weekly payment would, had

the incapacity been total incapacity, have

amounted to twenty-five shillings a week or

upwards, the weekly pajrment in case of partial

incapacity shall be one-half the difference between the amount of the average weekly

earnings of the workman before the accident

and the average weekly amount which he is

earning or is able to earn in some suitable

employment or business after the accident:

(ii) If the maximum weekly payment would, had

the incapacity been total incapacity, have

amounted with such addition, if any, as is

provided by rule (ii) in the case of total

incapacity, to less than twenty-five shillings,

the weekly payment in case of partial incapacity shall be a sum bearing the same proportion

to the said difference as the said maximum

weekly payment with such addition as aforesaid

bears to the amount of the average weekly

earnings of the workman before the accident.

(4) If a workman who has so far recovered from

the injury as to be fit for employment of a certain kind

proves to the satisfaction of the judge of the county

court that he has taken all reasonable steps to obtain,

1632

Roles for

determining

earnings.

Ch. 84. Workmm'a Compensation 16 & 16 Geo. 6.

Act, 1925.

and has failed to obtain, such employment, and that his

failure to obtain such employment is a consequence,

wholly or mainly, of the injury, the judge shall order

that his incapacity shah, for the purposes of this Act,

continue to be treated as total incapacity for such

period, and subject to such conditions, as may be

provided by the order, without prejudice however to the right of review conferred by tlua Act;

Provided that every such order shall be made

subject to the condition that it shall cease to be in

force if the workman receives unemployment benefit.

10. For the purposes of the provisions of this Act

relating to " earnings " and " average weekly earnings "

of a workman, the following rules shall be observed :—

(i) Average weekly earnings shall be computed in

such manner as is best calculated to give the

rate per week at which the workman was being

remunerated: Provided that where by reason

of the shortness of the time during which the

workman has been in the employment of his

employer or the casual nature of the employment, or the terms of the employment, it is

impracticable at the date of the accident to

compute the rate of remuneration, regard may

be had to the average weekly amount which,

during the twelve months previous to the

accident, was being earned by a person in the

same grade employed at the same work by the

same employer, or, if there is no person so

employed, by a person in the same grade

employed in the same class of employment and

in the same district;

(ii) Where the workman had entered into concurrent

contracts of service with two or more employers

under which he worked at one time for one such

employer and at another time for another such

employer, his average weekly earnings shall be

computed as if his earnings imder all such

coqtracts were earnings in the employment of the employer for whom he was working at the

time of the accident;

(iii) Employment by the same employer shall be

taken to mean emploj^ment by the same employer

1925.

Workmen's Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1633

in the grade in which the workman was employed

at the time of the accident, uninterrupted by

absence from work due to illness or any other

unavoidable cause;

(iv) Where the employer has been accustomed to

pay to the workman a sum to cover any special

expenses entailed on him by themature of his

employment, the sum so paid ^all not be

reckoned as part of the earnings;

(v) Upon request of the workman to the employer

liable to pay compensation, that employer shall

furnish in writing a list of the earnings of that

workman upon which the amount of the average

weekly earnings may be calculated for the

purpose of determi ni ng the amount of any

weekly payment under this Act.

11.—(1) Any weekly payment may be reviewed at Reviews of the request either of the employer or of the workman, weekly

and on such review may be ended, diminished, or increased, payments,

subject to the maximum hereinbefore in section nine

provided, and the amount of payment shall, in default of

agreement, be settled by arbitration under this Act.

(2) Where the workman was at the date of the

accident under twenty-one years of age and the review

takes place more than six months after the accident

and before the workman attains the age of twenty-

one years, the amount of the weekly payment may be

increased to such an amoimt as would have been

awarded if the workman had at the time of accident

been earning the weekly sum which he would probably

have been earning at the date of the review if he had

remained uninjured.

(3) Where the review takes place more than six

months after the accident, and it is claimed and proved

that, had the workman remained iminjured and continued

in the same class of employment as that in which he was

employed at the date of the accident, his average

weekly earnings during the twelve months immediately

preceding the review would, as a result of fluctuations in

rates of remuneration, have been greater or less by more

than twenty per cent, than his average weekly earnings

during the twelve months previous to the accident (or if

5L

1634

Ch. 84.

Limitation

of power

of employer

to end or

diminish

weekly

payments.

Workmen's Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

the weekly payment has been previously varied on a

review during the twelve months previous to that review

or the last of such reviews), the weekly payment shall

be varied so as to make it such as it would have been

if the rates of remuneration obtaining during the

twelve months previous to the review had obtained

during the twelve months previous to the accident.

For the purposes of this subsection " review "

includes a review under the provision of any Act

repealed by this Act corresponding to this section.

12. An employer shall not be entitled otherwise

than in pursuance of an agreement or arbitration to

end or diminish a weekly payment except in the following

cases:—

(1) where a workman in receipt of a weekly payment

in respect of total incapacity has actually

returned to work;

(2) where the weekly earnings of a workman m

receipt of a weekly payment in respect of

partial incapacity have actually been increased;

(3) where the medical practitioner who has examined

the workman under section eighteen of this Act has certified that the workman has whoUy

or partially recovered, or that the incapacity

is no longer due in whole or in part to the accident,

and a copy of the certificate (which shall set

out the grounds of the opinion of the medical

practitioner) together with notice of the intention

of the employer at the expiration of ten clear

days from the date of the service of the notice

to end the weekly payment, or to diminish it

by such amount as is stated in the notice, has

been served by the employer upon the workman:

Provided that—

(i) in the last-mentioned case, if before the expiration of the said ten clear days the workman

sends to the employer the report of a duly qualified medical practitioner (which report shall

set out the grounds of his opinion) disagreeing

vdth the certificate so served by the employer,

the weekly payment shall not be ended or

diminished, except in accordance with such

report, or if and so far as the employer

1925.

Workmen's Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1635

disputes such report, except in accordance

with the certificate given by the medical

referee in pursuance of section nineteen of this Act; and

(ii) where an application has been made in pursuance of the said section nineteen to refer

the dispute to a medical referee, it shall be

lawful for the employer, pending the settlement of the dispute, to pay into court—

(a) where the notice was a notice to end

the weekly payment, the whole of each

weekly payment becoming payable in the

meantime;

(b) where the notice was a notice to

diminish the weekly payment, so much

of each weekly payment so payable as is

in dispute;

and the sums so paid into court shall, on ’

the settlement of the dispute, be paid to the

employer or to the workman according to the

effect of the certificate of the medical referee,

or, if the effect of that certificate is disputed,

as in default of agreement may be determined

by the registrar or, on appeal, the judge;

(iii) nothing in this section shall be construed as

authorising an employer to end or diminish

a weekly payment in any case in which,

or to an extent to which, apart from this

section, he would not be entitled to do so.

13. Where any weekly payment has been con- Redemption

tinned for not less than six months, the habihty therefor of weekly

may, on application by or on behalf of the employer, payioents.

be redeemed by the payment of a lump sum of such an

amount as, where the incapacity is permanent, would, if

invested in the purchase of an immediate life annuity

from the National Debt Commissioners through the Post

Office Savings Bank, purchase an annuity for the workman equal to seventy-five per cent, of the annual value

of the weekly payment, and as in any other case may

be settled by arbitration under this Act; and such

lump sum may be ordered by the committee or arbitrator

5L 2

1636

Requirements as to

notice

of accident

and claim

for compensation.

Ch. 84. WorTcmen'a Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

or judge of the county court to be invested or otherwise

applied for the benefit of the person entitled thereto:

Provided that—

(a) nothing in this section shall be construed as

preventing agreements being made for the

redemption of a weekly payment by a lump

sum; and

(b) ther provisions of this section which fix the

amount of the lump sum for which a weekly

payment may be redeemed where the incapacity is permanent, shall not apply in

the case where the injured workman is at

the date of the application under twenty-one

years of age, and where, in the case of an

injured workman under the age of twenty-

one, the lump sum for which the weekly

payment may be redeemed is determined

by arbitration, the right which if the

redemption did not take place the workman

would have to have the weekly payment

increased on a review under subsection (2)

of section eleven of this Act shall be taken

into account.

Conditions of Compensation.

14.—(1) Proceedings for the recovery imder this Act of compensation for an injury shall not be maintainable unless notice of the accident has been given as

soon as practicable after the happening thereof and

before the workman has voluntarily left the employment

in which he was injured, and unless the claim for compensation with respect to such accident has been made

within six months from the occurrence of the accident

causing the injury, or, in case of death, within six months

from the time of death;

Provided that—

(a) the want of or any defect or inaccuracy in

such notice shall not be a bar to the maintenance of such proceedings if the employer is

proved to have had knowledge of the accident

from any other source at or about the time

of the accident, or if it is found in the

1925.

Workmen’s Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1037

proceedings for settling the claim that the

employer is not, or would not, if a notice or

an amended notice were theft given and the

hearing postponed, be prejudiced in his defence

by the want, defect or inaccuracy, or that

such want, defect or inaccuracy was occasioned by mistake, absence from the United

Kingdom, or other reasonable cause; and

(6) the failure to make a claim within the period

above specified shall not be a bar to the

maintenance of such proceedings if it is fovmd

that the failure was occasion^ by mistake,

absence from the United Kingdom, or other

reasonable cause.

(2) Notice in respect of an injury under this Act

may be given either in writing or orally to the employer (or if there is more than one employer to one

of such employers) or to any foreman or other official

imder whose supervision the workman is employed, or

to any person designated for the purpose by the

employer, and shall give the name and address of the

person injured, and shall state in ordinary language the

cause of the injury and the date at which the accident

happened,

(3) The notice if in writing may be given by delivering

the same at, or sending it by post in a registered letter

addressed to, the residence or place of business of the

person to whom it is to be given.

(4) Where the employer is a body of persons,

corporate or unincorporate, the notice, if in writing,

may also be given by delivering it or by sending it by

post in a registered letter addressed to the employer,

at the office, or, if there be more than one office, any

one of the offices, of such body.

15.—(1) There shall be kept constantly posted up in Special

some conspicuous place at or near every mine, quarry, pro^ions

factory or workshop where it may be conveniently ^tice of

read by the persons employed, a summary, in such form accident in

as may be prescribed, of the requirements of this Act, mines,

with regard to the giving of notice of accidents and the factories,

making of claims and the procedure to be followed in

the case of industrial diseases, and, in the event of such

1638 Ch. 84. Workmen's Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 6.

Act, 1925.

summary becoming effaced, obliterated or destroyed, it

shall be renewed with all reasonable dispatch.

In the event of any non-compliance with the provisions of this subsection the owner, agent or manager

of the mine or quarry or the occupier of the factory or

workshop shall be guilty of an offence and Liable on

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds,

and any such proceedings may be instituted by an

inspector of mines or factories.

(2) The want of, or any defect or inaccuracy in, the

notice of an accident required by the last preceding

section of this Act shall not be a bar to the maintenance

of proceedings for the recovery of compensation under

this Act where the employer is the owner of a mine or

quarry or the occupier of a factory or workshop—

(a) if such summary as aforesaid has not been posted

up in accordance with the provisions of this

section; or

(b) if the accident has been reported by or on behalf

of the employer to an inspector of mines or

factories; or

(c) if the accident has been entered in any register

of accidents kept by or on behalf of the

employer at the mine, quarry, factory or

workshop; or

(d) if the injury has been treated in an ambulance

room at the mine, quarry, factory or workshop.

(3) For facihtating the giving of notice of accidents

for the purposes of this Act, a book in the prescribed

form shall be kept at every mine, quarry, factory or

workshop, in which the prescribed particulars of accidents happening to persons employed at the mine,

quarry, factory or workshop may be entered by the

injured workman or some other person acting on his

behalf, and an entry in such book, if made as soon as

practicable after the happenings of the accident, shall be

sufficient notice of the accident for the purposes of this Act.

The book shall be kept at such place as to be readily

accessible at aU reasonable times to any injured workman

who was employed at the mine, quarry, factory or

workshop, and any person bona fide acting on his behalf.

1925.

Workmen's Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1639

If in the case of any mine, quarry, factory or workshop the provisions of this subsection are not complied

with, the mine, quarry, factory or workshop shall be

deemed not to be managed or kept in conformity with

the enactments relating thereto.

(4) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" factory or workshop " shall include any works or

premises to which any of the provisions of the Factory

and Workshops Acts, 1901 to 1920, apply; and the

expression " prescribed" means prescribed by the Secretary of State.

16. —(1) If a workman receiving a weekly payment

ceases to reside in the United Kingdom, the Channel

Islands, or the Isle of Man, he shall thereupon cease

to be entitled to receive any weekly payment, unless

the medical referee certifies that the incapacity resulting

from the injury is hkely to be of a permanent natme.

(2) If the medical referee so certifies, the workman

shall be entitled to receive quarterly the amoimt of the

weekly payments accruing due during the precediag

quarter so long as he proves, in such manner and at

such intervals as may be prescribed by rules of court,

his identity and the continuance of the incapacity in

respect of which the weekly payment is payable.

17. Where a workman has given notice of an

accident, or where an accident has occurred in respect

of which the necessity of giving notice under this Act

is dispensed with, he shall, if so required by the employer,

submit himself for examination by a duly qualified

medical practitioner provided and paid by the employer,

and, if he refuses to submit himself to such examination,

or in any way obstructs the same, his right to compensation, and to take or prosecute any proceeding under

this Act in relation to compensation, shall be suspended

until such examination has taken place.

18. Any workman receiving weekly payments imder

this Act shall, if so required by the employer, from time

to time submit himself for examination by a duly

qualified medical practitioner provided and paid by the

employer. If the workman refuses to submit himseK

to such examination, or in any way obstructs the same,

his right to such weekly payments shall be suspended

until such examination has taken place.

Conditions

as to resi-

dence.

Conditions

as to submission to

medical

examination

in first

instance.

Periodical

submission

to medical

examination.

16^0

Provisions

as to submission to

medical

examination.

Ch. 84. WorJcmen^s Compensation 16 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

A workman shall not be required to submit

himself for examination by a medical practitioner under

either of the two last preceding sections otherwise than in

accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of

State, or at more frequent intervals than may be

prescribed by those regulations.

(2) Where a workman has so submitted himself for

examination by a medical practitioner, or has been

examined by a medical practitioner selected by himself,

and the employer or the workman, as the case may be,

has within six days after such examination furnished

the other with a copy of the report of that practitioner

as to the workman’s condition, then, in the event of no

agreement being come to between the employer and the

workman as to the work m an’s condition or fitness for,

employment, the registrar of a county court, on application being made to the court by both parties, or, subject

to appeal to the judge, by one of the parties, may refer

the matter to a medical referee:

Provided that where the application is made by only

one of the parties, the registrar, or on appeal the judge,

if he is of opinion that, owing to the exceptional difficulty

of the case or for any other sufficient reason, the matter

ought to be settled in default of agreement by arbitration,

shall refuse to allow the reference.

(3) The medical referee to whom the matter is so

referred shall, in accordance with regulations made by

the Secretary of State, give a certificate as to the condition

of the workman and his fitness for employment, specifying,

where necessary, the kind of employment foi which he is

fit, and that certificate shall be conclusive evidence as to the matters so certified.

(4) Where no agreement can be come to between

the employer and the workman as to whether or to

what extent the incapacity of the workman is due to the accident, the provisions of this section shall, subject

to any regulations made by the Secretary of State,

apply as if the question were a question as to the

condition of the workman.

(5) If a workman, on being required so to do, refuses

to submit himself for examination by a medical referee

to whom the matter has been so referred as aforesaid.

1925.

Workmen's Compensation

Act, 1925 .

Ch. 84.

1G41

or in any way obstructs the same, his right to compensation and to take or prosecute any proceeding under this Act in relation to compensation, or, in the case of a

workman in receipt of a weekly payment, his right to

that weekly payment, shall be suspended until such

examination has taken place.

(6) Rules of court may be made for prescribing the

manner in which documents are to be furnished or

served and applications made under this section and

the forms to be used for those purposes.

20. Where under this Act a right to compensation

is suspended no compensation shall be payable in respect

of the period of suspension.

Procedure for determining Compensation and settling

Questions.

21. —(1) If any question arises in any proceedings

under this Act as to the habUity to pay compensation

under this Act (including any question as to whether

the person injured is a workman to whom this Act applies),

or as to the amount or dm-ation of compensation under

this Act, or, except as otherwise expressly provided, to the right to or amoimt of any indemnity under this Act,

the question, if not settled by agreement, shall, subject

to the provisions of this Act, be settled by the arbitration

of a representative committee, or of an arbitrator, or

of a judge of county courts in accordance with the

First Schedule to this Act.

(2) Any question as to who is a dependant shah, in

default of agreement, be settled by arbitration imder

this Act, or, if not so settled before payment into court

under this Act, shall be settled by the county court, and

the amoimt payable to each dependant shall be settled

by arbitration under this Act, or, if not so settled before

payment into court under this Act, by the county court.

22. Where, on application being made in aecordance

with rules of court, it appears to a county court that, on

account of neglect of children on the part of a widow,

or on account of the variation of the circumstances of the various dependants, or for any other sufficient cause,

an order of the court or an award as to the apportionment

ProTiBion as to

suspension of

right to compensation.

Procedure

for settling

questions.

Power to

vary

awards.

1642

Registration

of agreements and

awards.

Ch. 84. Workmen's Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

* Act, 1925.

amongst the several dependants of any sum paid as

compensation, or as to the manner in which any sum

payable to any such dependant is to be invested, applied,

or otherwise dealt with, ought to be varied, the court

may make such order for the variation of the former

order or the award, as in the circumstances of the case

the court may think just.

23.—(1) Where the amoimt of compensation under

this Act has been ascertained, or any weekly payment

varied, or any other matter decided under this Act,

either by a committee or by an arbitrator or by agreement, a memorandum thereof shah be sent, in manner

prescribed by rules of court, by the committee or

arbitrator, or by any party interested, to the registrar

of the county court, who shall, subject to such rules

and subject to the provisions hereinafter contained, on

being satisfied as to its genuineness, record such memorandum in a special register, and thereupon the memorandum shall for all purposes be enforceable as a county

court judgment:

Provided that—

(a) no such memorandum shall be recorded before

seven days after the despatch by the registrar

of notice to the parties interested; and

(b) where a workman seeks to record a memorandum of agreement between his employer

and himself for the payment of compensation

under this Act and the employer, in accordance with rules of court, proves that the

workman has in fact returned to work and

is earning the same wages as he did before

the accident, and objects to the recording

of such memorandum, the memorandum

shall only be recorded, if at aU, on such

terms as the judge of the county court, under

the circumstances, may think just.

(2) The judge of the county court may at any time

rectify the register.

(3) Where a memorandum of an agreement for the

payment of a lump sum is so sent for registration, the

registrar, and if in pursuance of this Act the matter

1925.

Worhmen'a Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1043

is referred to the judge, the judge of the county court,

shall have power, in accordance with rules of court, —

(a) to require either party to the agreement to

furnish him either orally or in writing with

such information as he may consider necessary,

or to require the attendance of any of the parties

to the agreement before him;

(b) when the information as to the workman’s

condition appears to him to be insufficient or

confficting, to require a report as to the workman’s condition to be obtained from a medical

referee;

and in the event of either of the parties faffing to comply

with any such requirement of the registrar, the registrar

may refuse to record the memorandum and refer the

matter to the judge, who shall have power to make

such order as he may in the circumstances think just.

(4) Where it appears from any such report of a

medical referee that the prospects of the workman’s

recovery from incapacity cannot as yet be approximately

determined, the registrar, or on appeal the judge, may

refuse to record the memorandum.

(5) Any agreement for the payment of a lump sum

shall disclose the amount (if any) paid or payable under

or in respect of the agreement by the employer to the

solicitor of the workman or his dependants as costs, and,

if it appears to the registrar that the amount is excessive,

the registrar may direct that the bill of costs be submitted to him for taxation, and thereupon the registrar

shall, subject to review by the judge, tax such costs in

accordance with rules of court; and if the costs are

reduced on such taxation, the amotmt of such reduction

shall either be applied or dealt with for the benefit of the

workman or his dependants, or paid to the employer, or

otherwise dealt with as the judge may direct.

(6) The approved society or committee by which

sickness or disablement benefit under the National 14 & 15 Geo.

Insurance Act, 1924, payable to the workman is adminis-

tered, shall be entitled to send to the registrar objections

to the registration of an agreement for the payment of

a lump sum, and, in the event of the attendance of any

of the parties to the agreement being required, shall be

1644

Registration

of composition agreements.

Invalidity

of certain

agreements

unless

registered.

Ch. 84. Workmen's Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

entitled to appear before the registrar, or, if the matter

is referred to the judge, before the judge.

(7) Rules of court may be made providing that in

any case where in connection with an application for the

registration of any such agreement as aforesaid there

is a hearing before the registrar or the judge, or a report

from the medical referee is required to be obtained,

the registrar or judge shall have the power of awarding

costs.

24. Where the person against whom a claim for

compensation is made under this Act disputes his

liability to pay compensation, but makes an agreement

(in this Act referred to as a composition agreement)

whereby in consideration of the payment of a lump

sum the claim for such compensation purports to be

precluded, the agreement shall be sent for registration in

like manner and subject to the like conditions as in the

case of an agreement for the redemption of a weekly

payment by a lump sum.

25. —(1) An agreement as to the redemption of weekly

payments by a lump sum, if not registered in accordance

with this Act, shall not, nor shall the payment of the sum

payable under the agreement, exempt a person by whom

the weekly payment is "payable from MabiLity to continue

to make that weekly payment, unless he proves that the

failure to register was not due to any neglect or default

on his part.

(2) An agreement as to the amount of compensation

to be paid to a person under a legal disability or to dependants, if not registered in accordance with this Act

shall not, nor shall the payment of the sum payable

under the agreement, exempt a person by whom the

compensation is payable from habUity to pay compensation unless he proves that the failure to register was not

due to any neglect or default on his part.

(3) A composition agreement if not registered in

accordance with this Act shall not, nor shall the payment of any sum payable thereunder, exempt the

employer from hability under this Act.

(4) Where it appears to the registrar of the county

court on any information which he considers sufficient

1925.

Workmen's Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1645

that an agreement to which this section applies ought

not to be registered by reason of the inadequacy of the

sum or amount agreed to be paid, or by reason of the

agreement having been obtained by fraud or undue

influence or other improper means, he may refuse to

record the memorandum of the agreement sent to him

for registration and refer the matter to the judge, who

shall in accordance with rules of court make such

order (including an order as to any sum already paid

under the agreement) as in the circumstances he may

think just:

Provided that in the case of a composition agreement

in determining whether or not the sum agreed to be

paid under the agreement is adequate the registrar,

or if the matter is referred to the judge, the judge, shall

have regard to the question whether or not liability

to pay compensation under this Act is doubtful.

(5) The judge may within six months after a memorandum of an agreement to which this section applies

has been recorded in the register order that the record

be removed from the register on proof to his satisfaction

that the agreement has been obtained by fraud or undue

influence or other improper means, and may make such

order (including an order as to any sum already paid

under the agreement) as in the circumstances he may

think just.

26.—(1) The compensation payable in the case Payments

of death shall, unless otherwise ordered, as hereinafter into court

provided, be paid into the county court:

Provided that if so agreed the compensation in

the case of death shall, if the workman leaves no

dependants, be paid to his legal personal representative

or, if he has no such representative, to the person to

whom the expenses of medical attendance and burial

are due.

(2) Where a weekly payment is payable under

this Act to a person under any legal disability, the

county court may, on an application being made in

accordance with rules of court, order that the weekly

payment be paid during the disability into court.

(3) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to money paid into

1646 Ch. 84. Workmen's Compmsation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

court under this Act and the application and investment

thereof.

Provisions 27.—(1) Where any matter under this Act is to

as to county be done in a county court, or by, to, or before the judge

courts. or registrar of a county court, then, unless the contrary

intention appear, the same shall, subject to rules of

court, be done in, or by, to, or before the judge or

registrar of, the county court of the district in which

all the parties concerned reside, or if they reside in

different districts the district prescribed by rules of

court, without prejudice to any transfer in manner

provided by niles of court.

(2) The duty of a judge of county courts under

this Act, or in England of an arbitrator appointed by

him, shall, subject to rules of court, be part of the

duties of the county coiut, and the officers of the court

shall act accordingly, and rules of court may be made

both for any purpose for which this Act authorises

rules of court to be made, and also generally for carrying

into effect this Act so far as it affects the county court,

or an arbitrator appointed by the judge of the county

court, and proceedings in the county court or before

any such arbitrator, and such rules may, in England,

be made by the five judges of county courts appointed

for the making of rules under section one hundred and

51 & 52 Vict, sixty-four of the County Courts Act, 1888, and when

c. 43. allowed by the Lord Chancellor, as provided by that

section, shall have full effect without any further

consent.

28. The Secretary of State may, by order, either

unconditionally or subject to such conditions or modifications as he may think fit, confer on any committee

representative of an employer and his workmen, as

respects any matter in which the committee act as

arbitrators, or which is settled by agreement submitted

to and approved by the committee, all or any of the

powers conferred by this Act exclusively on county

courts or judges of county courts, and may by the order

provide how and to whom the compensation money is

to be paid in cases where, but for the order, the money

would be required to be paid into court, and the order

may exclude from the operation of subsections (4) and

(5) of section twenty-five of this Act agreements sub-

Extension

of power of

representative committees.

1925.

Workmen's Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1647

mitted to and approved by the committee, and may

contain such incidental, consequential, or supplemental

provisions as may appear to the Secretary of State to

be necessary or proper for the purposes of the order.

Alternative remedies, iSsc.

29.—(1) When the injury was caused by the personal

negligence or wilful act of the employer or of some

person for whose act or default the employer is responsible, nothing in this Act shall affect any civil liability

of the employer, but in that case the workman may,

at his option, either claim compensation under this Act

or take proceedings independently of this Act; but the

employer shall not be liable to pay compensation for

injury to a workman by accident arising out of and in

the course of the employment both independently of

and also under this Act, and shall not be hable to any

proceedings independently of this Act, except in case of

such personal negligence or wilful act as aforesaid.

(2) If, within the time hereinbefore limited for

taking proceedings under this Act, an action is brought to

recover damages independently of this Act for injury

caused by an accident, and it is determined in such

action or on appeal that the injury is one for which the

employer is not liable in such action, but that he would

have been hable to pay compensation under the provisions

of this Act, the action shall be dismissed; but the court

in which the action is tried, or, if the determination is the

determination (on an appeal by either party) by an

appellate tribimal, that tribunal, shall, if the plaintiff

so choose, proceed to assess such compensation, but may

deduct from such compensation aU or part of the costs,

which, in its judgment, have been caused by the plaintiff

bringing the action instead of proceec^g under this Act.

In any proceeding under this subsection, when the court

or appellate tribunal assesses the compensation, it shall

give a certificate of the compensation it has awarded and

the directions it has given as to the deduction of costs, and

such certificate shall have the force and effect of an award

under this Act:

Provided that an appellate tribunal may, instead

of itself assessing such compensation, remit the case

to the comity court for the assessment of the compensation, and in such case may order the county

Remedies

independently of

Act against

employer.

1648

Remedies

both

against employer and

stranger.

Substitution

of liability

under

scheme for

liability

imder Act.

Ch. 84. Workmen's Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Actf 1925.

covirt to deduct from the amount of compensation

assessed by it all or part of such costs as aforesaid.

30. Where the injury for which compensation is

payable under this Act, or any scheme certified under

this Act, was caused under circumstances creating a legal

liability in some person other than the employer to pay

damages in respect thereof—

(1) The workman may take proceedings both against

that person to recover damages and against

any person liable to pay compensation under

this Act or such scheme for such compensation,

but shall not be entitled to recover both damages

and compensation; and

(2) If the workman has recovered compensation

imder this Act or such scheme, the person by

whom the compensation was paid, and any

person who has been called on to pay an

indemnity imder section six of this Act relating

to liability in case of workmen employed by contractors, shall be entitled to be indemnified by the

person so liable to pay damages as aforesaid,

and all questions as to the right to and amount

of any such indemnity shall, in default of agreement, be settled by action, or, by consent of the parties, by arbitration under this Act.

31. —(1) If the Registrar of Friendly Societies,

after taking steps to ascertain the views of the employer

and workmen, certifies—

(a) that any scheme of compensation, benefit or

insurance for the workmen of an employer in

any employment, whether or not such scheme

includes other employers and their workmen,

provides scales of compensation not less favourable to the workmen and their dependants than

the corresponding scales contained in this Act,

and

(b) that, where the scheme provides for contributions by the workmen, the scheme confers

benefits at least equivalent to those contributions, in addition to the benefits to which

the workmen would have been entitled under

this Act; and

1925.

WorTcmerCs Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1649

(c) that a majority (to be ascertained by ballot)

of the workmen to whom the scheme is applicable

are in favour of such scheme;

the employer may, whilst the certificate is in force,

contract with any of his workmen that the provisions

of the scheme shall be substituted for the provisions

of this Act, and thereupon the employer shall be liable

in respect of those workmen only in accordance with the

scheme.

(2) The Registrar may give a certificate to expire

at the end of a limited period of five years, and may

from time to time renew with or without modifications

such a certificate to expire at the end of the period for

which it is renewed.

(3) No scheme shall be so certified which contains

an obligation upon the workmen to join the scheme as a

condition of their hiring, or which does not contain

provisions enabling a workman to withdraw from the

scheme.

(4) The Registrar shall not certify, or renew a

certificate of, any such scheme unless he is satisfied

that adequate provision is made to secure the discharge

of liabilities arising imder the scheme, both during the

currency of the scheme and after the scheme is revoked

or expires, so far as there may be any liabilities outstanding

at the date of revocation or expiry.

(5) If complaint is made to the Registrar by or on

behalf of the workmen of any employer that the

benefits conferred by any scheme no longer conform

to the conditions stated in subsection (1) of this

section, or that the provisions of such scheme are being

violated, or that the scheme is not being fairly administered, or that satisfactory reasons exist for revoking the

certificate, the Registrar shall examine into the complaint,

and, if satisfied that good cause exists for such complaint,

shall, unless the cause of complaint is removed, revoke

the certificate.

(6) When a certificate is revoked or expires, any

moneys or securities held for the purpose of the scheme

shall, after due provision has been made to discharge the

liabilities already accrued, be distributed as may be

arranged between the employer and workmen, or as may

5M

1G50 Ch. 84. Worhnm^s Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 6.

Act, 1925.

be determined by the Registrar in the event of a

difference of opinion.

(7) Whenever a scheme has been certified as aforesaid, it shall be the duty of the employer to answer all

such inquiries and to furnish all such accounts in regard

to the scheme as may be made or required by the

Registrar.

(8) Where a scheme certified under this Act provides

for payment of compensation by a friendly society, the

provisions of the proviso to the first subsection of section

eight, section sixteen, and section forty-one of the

Friendly Societies Act, 1896, shall not apply to such

society in respect of such scheme.

(9) The Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies shall

include in his annual report the particulars of the

proceedings of the Registrar imder this Act.

(10) The Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies may

make regulations for the purpose of carrying this section

into effect.

Saving as 32. Nothing in this Act shall affect any proceeding

for a fine under the enactments relating to mines,

and Factories factories or workshops, or the application of any

such fine.

Application to special Classes of Persons.

Application

to workmen in

employment of

Crown.

33.—(1) This Act shall not apply to persons in

the naval or military or air service of the Crown, but

otherwise shall apply to workmen employed by or under

the Crown to whom this Act would apply if the employer

were a private person:

Provided that in the case of a person employed in

the private service of the Crown, the head of that

department of the Royal Household in which he was

employed at the time of the accident shall be deemed to

be his employer.

(2) The Treasury may, by warrant laid before

Parliament, modify for the purposes of this Act their

60 & 51 Vict, warrant made under section one of the Superannuation

0 - 67. Act, 1887, and notwithstanding anything in that Act, or

any such warrant, may frame schemes with a view to

1925. Workmen’s Compensation Ch. 84. 1G51

Act, 1925.

their being certified by the Registrar of Friendly Societies

under this Act.

34. —(1) When provision has been made in pur- Application

suance of regulations under the Coal Mines Act, 1911, to men

or under any order which has effect as if made under

that Act, for the formation or training of a rescue engaged in

brigade, any accident caused to a workman employed rescue

in or about a mine to which that Act applies, who is work in

with the consent of his employer being trained as a mines,

member of the rescue brigade, and arising out of and l&2 Geo.5.

in the course of his training, shall, for the purposes of 50.

this Act, be deemed to arise out of and in the course of

his employment in the mine.

(2) Any workman engaged in any rescue work or

ambulance work at any such mine shall, for the purposes

of this Act, be deemed while so engaged to be employed

by the owner of the mine, as defined by the Coal Mines

Act, 1911.

35. —(1) This Act shall apply to masters, seamen Application

and apprentices to the sea service and apprentices in the of Act to

sea-fishing service, provided that such persons are P^'^on

workmen within the meaning of this Act, and are members q

of the crew of any ship registered in the United Bang-

dom, or of any other British ship or vessel of which

the ovmer, of (if there is more than one owner) the

managing owner, or manager resides or has his principal

place of business in the United Kingdom, subject to the following modifications; —

(a) The notice of accident and the claim for compensation may, except where the person injured

is the master, be given to the master of the

ship as if he were the employer, but where the

accident happened and the incapacity commenced on board the ship it shall not be necessary to give any notice of the accident:

(&) The provisions of subsection (1) of section fifteen

of this Act (other than those relating to the

institution of proceedings by an inspector of

mines or factories) shall apply to ships and the

masters thereof in like manner as it applies to

factories and the occupiers thereof:

(c) In the case of the death of the master,

seaman or apprentice, the claim for compensa-

5 M 2

16^2

57 & 58 Vict.

0. 60.

Ch. 84. Workmen’s Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

tion shall be made within six months after

news of the death has been received by the

claimant:

(d) Where an injured master, seaman or apprentice

is discharged or left behind in a British possession

or in a foreign country, depositions respecting

the circumstances and nature of the injury may

be taken by any judge or magistrate in the

British possession, and by any British consular

officer in the foreign country, and if so taken

shall be transmitted by the person by whom

they are taken to the Board of Trade, and such

depositions or certified copies thereof shall in

any proceedings for enforcing the claim be

admissible in evidence as provided by sections

six hundred and ninety-one and six hundred

and ninety-five of the Merchant Shipping Act,

1894, and those sections shall apply accordingly:

(e) In the case of the death of a master, seaman or

apprentice, leaving no dependants, no compensation shall be payable, if the owner of the ship

is under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894,

liable to pay the expenses of burial:

(f) The weekly payment shall not be payable in

respect of the period during which the owner

of the ship is, under the Merchant Shipping

Act, 1894, as amended by any subsequent

enactment. Or otherwise, liable to defray the

expenses of maintenance of the injured master,

seaman or apprentice:

(p) Any sum payable by way of compensation by the

owner of a ship under this Act shall be paid in

full notwithstanding anything in section five

hundred and three of the Merchant Shipping

Act, 1894 (which relates to the limitation of a

shipowner’s liability in certain cases of loss of

fife, injury or damage), but the limitation on

the owner’s liability imposed by that section

shall apply to the amount recoverable by way

of indemnity under section thirty of this Act

(relating to remedies both against employer and

stranger) as if the indemnity were damages for

loss of life or personal injury:

1925.

Worhnen's Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1058

(Ji) Subsections (2) and (3) of section one hundred

and seventy-four of the Merchant Shipping

Act, 1894 (which relates to the recovery of

wages of seamen lost with their ship), shall

apply as respects proceedings for the recovery

of compensation by dependants of masters,

seamen and apprentices lost with their ship as

they apply with respect to proceedings for the

recovery of wages due to seamen and apprentices; and proceedings for the recovery of

compensation shall in such a case be maintainable if the claim is made within eighteen

months of the date at which the ship is deemed

to have been lost with all hands.

(2) This Act shall not apply to such members of the

crew of a fishing vessel as are remunerated wholly or

mainly by shares in the profits or the gross earnings of the worl^g of such vessel, except in such cases and

subject to such modifications as the Secretary of State

may by order provide:

Provided that no such order shall come into force

until it has been laid before each House of Parliament

for a period of not less than twenty-one days during

which the House has sat, and, if either House before the

expiration of those twenty-one days presents an address

to His Majesty against the order or any part thereof, no

further proceedings shall be taken thereon, but without

prejudice to the making of a new order.

(3) This section, shall extend to pilots to whom

the Pilotage Act, 1913, applies, as if a pilot when em- 2&3 Geo.6.

ployed on any such ship as aforesaid were a seaman and c- 31.

a member of the crew.

(4) This Act shall also apply to any person, not being

a master, seaman or apprentice to the sea service or the

sea fishing service, employed on board any such ship

as is mentioned in this section, if he is so employed

for the purposes of the ship or of any passengers or

cargo or mails carried by the ship, and if he is otherwise

a workman within the meaning of this Act.

36.—(1) The Secretary of State may by order Power to

extend the provisions of this Act, subject to such extend

modifications and exceptions as may be specified in the Act to air-

order, to such persons, being workmen within the

1654

side Great

Britain.

Power to

make

Orders in

Council for

giving

effect to

conventions with

Foreign

States.

Ch. 84. Workmen's Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

meaning of this Act, employed as pilot, commander,

navigator, or member of the crew of any aircraft to

which this section applies when outside Great Britain,

in such circumstances as may be specified in the order.

(2) The aircraft to which this section applies are

aircraft registered in the United Kingdom the owner of

which resides or has his principal place of business in

Great Britain.

(3) An order under this section shall not come into

force until it has been laid before each House of Parliament for a period of not less than twenty-one days during

which that House has sat, and if during that period either

House presents an address to His Majesty against the

order or any part thereof, no further proceedings shall

be taken thereon, but without prejudice to the making

of a new order.

37, —(1) For the purpose of giving effect to any

Convention with a Foreign State providing for reciprocity

in matters relating to compensation to workmen for

injuries by accident, it shall be lawful for His Majesty by

Order in Council to make provision—

(a) for modifying this Act in its application to cases

affected by the Convention, so, however, as not

to alter the ftnaount of compensation in any

case to which this Act may apply;

(&) for determining, in cases where rights to compensation accrue both imder this Act and

under the law of the State with which the

Convention is made, under the law of which

coimtry the workman shall be entitled to

recover compensation;

(c) for conferring on county courts powers for the

admission of evidence taken abroad and the

procuring and taking of evidence for use abroad,

or otherwise for the purpose of facihtating proceedings for the recovery of compensation under

the respective laws of the two countries.

(2) If the Convention extends to Northern Ireland,

the provisions of this section shall extend to the enactments regulating the payment of compensation to

workmen for injuries by accident for the time being in

force in Northern Ireland.

1925.

Workmeifi’s Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1655

(3) In particulax, but without derogating from the

generality of the foregoing provisions of this section,

any such Order in CoimcLl may make such modifications

in this Act in its application to workmen who are

French citizens as appear to His Majesty to be necessary

to give effect to a convention between His Majesty and

the President of the French Republic signed at Paris

on the third day of July, nineteen hundred and nine,

and this Act shall apply to such workmen subject to the modifications contained in the Order.

Administrative Provisions.

38. —(1) The Secretary of State may appoint such Appoint-

legally qualified medical practitioners to be medical ment and

referees for the purposes of this Act as he may, with the

sanction of the Treasury, determine, and the remunera-

tion of, and other expenses incurred by, medical referees referees and

under this Act shall, subject to r^ulations made by the arbitrators.

Treasury and except so far as they are defrayed by fees

received from the parties under this Act, be paid out of

moneys provided by Parliament.

Where a medical referee has been employed as a

medical practitioner in connection with any case by

or on behalf of an employer or workman or by any insurers

interested, he shall not act as medical referee in that

case.

(2) The remuneration of an arbitrator appointed by

a judge of county courts under the First Schedule to

this Act shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament in accordfince with regulations made by the

Treasmy.

39. —(1) If it is alleged that the owners of any Detention

ship are liable as such owners to pay compensation of ships,

under this Act, or any corresponding enactment for

the time being in force in Northern Ireland, and at

any time that ship is found in any port or river of England

or Northern Ireland, or within three nnles of the coast

thereof, a judge of any court of record in England or

Northern Ireland may, upon its being shown to him

by any person applying in accordance with the rules

of the court that the owners are probably liable as such

to pay such compensation, and that none of the owners

reside in Great Britain or Northern Ireland, issue an

1656 Ch. 84. Workmen's Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

order directed to any officer of customs or other officer

named by the judge requiring him to detain the ship

until such time as the owners, agent, master, or consignee

thereof have paid such compensation, or have given

security, to be approved by the judge, to abide the

event of any proceedings that may be instituted to

recover such compensation and to pay such compensation

and costs as may be awarded thereon; and any officer

of customs or other officer to whom the order is directed

shall detain the ship accordingly.

(2) In any legal proceeding to recover such compensation, the person giving security shall be made defendant,

and the production of the order of the judge, made in

relation to the security, shall be conclusive evidence of the habUity of the defendant to the proceeding.

(3) Where a complaint is made to the Secretary of

State that before an application can be made under

this section the ship in respect of which the application

is to be made will have departed from the Hmits within

which she can be arrested, the ship shall, if the Secretary

of State so directs, be detained for such time as will

allow the application to be made and the result thereof

to be communicated to the officer detaining the ship,

and that officer shall not be hable for any costs or damages

in respect of the detention, if made in accordance with

the directions of the Secretary of State.

(4) Section six hundred and ninety-two of the

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall apply to the detention

of a ship under this Act as it applies to fhe detention

of a ship under that Act, and, if the owner of a ship

is a corporation, it shall for the purposes of this section

be deemed to reside in the United Kingdom if it has an

office in the United Kingdom at which service of writs

can be effected.

(5) Where a ship has been demised to charterers,

the provisions of this section shall apply to claims against

the charterers of the ship as they apply to claims against

the owners of a ship with the substitution of charterers

for owners:

Provided that no sliip shall be detained on a claim

against the charterers of the ship after the expiration of the term for which the ship is demised to them.

1925.

Workmen's Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1G57

(6) The foregoing provisions of this section shall

extend to Northern Ireland.

(7) Without prejudice to any other means of enforcing claims in Scotland, this section shall, with the

substitution of references to the sheriff for references

to a judge of any court of record in England, apply

to a ship foimd in any port or river of Scotland, or

within three miles of the coast thereof, in like manner

as it applies to a ship found in any port or river of

England or within three miles of the coast thereof.

40 . A weekly payment payable under this Act or

any scheme certified under this Act, or a sum paid by

way of redemption thereof, shall not be capable of being

assigned, charged, or attached, and shall not pass to

any other person by operation of law, nor shall any

claim be set off against the same.

41, Where an authority has granted out-door relief

to a person pending the settlement of his claim to compensation under tMs Act or any scheme certified thereunder, and either—

(a) such relief would not have been granted had the

person then received or been in receipt of compensation imder this Act; or

(b) such relief is in excess of the amoimt which would

have been granted had the person then received

or been in receipt of such compensation;

the authority may give notice of the relief so provided to the person liable to pay the compensation, and if such

notice is given the person so liable shall on demand, and

on being furnished with a certificate by the authority of the amount of the relief so provided or of the amount of

such excess, as the case may be, repay to the authority,

up to the amount which he is liable to pay as compensation, less such part (if any) of that amount as he has

already duly paid at the time of receiving the notice

aforesaid, the amount of the rehef or of the excess certified

as aforesaid, and the receipt of the authority shall, up to the amount of the repayment, be a full and valid discharge

to that person in respect of the compensation payable

by him to the person relieved;

Provided that, if the person so hable to pay compensation gives to the authority by which such notice as

Prohibition

against

charging or

assigning

weekly

payments.

Repayment

of poor

relief.

1(5158

Returns as

to compensation.

Application

of Act to

industrial

diseases.

1 Edw. 7.

c. 22.

Ch. 84. Workmen's Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

aforesaid is given notice that he intends to pay, or that he

has paid, compensation, he shall not be under any obligation to make any repa 3 nnent in respect of any relief

provided after the date of the payment of the compensation or after the time at which the notice so given is

received by the authority, whichever is the later.

42.—(1) Every employer in any industry to which

the Secretary of State may direct that this section shall

apply shall, on or before such day iu every year as the

Secretary of State may direct, send to the Secretary of

State a correct return specifying the number of injuries

in respect of which compensation has been paid by him

imder this Act during the previous year, and the amount

of such compensation, together with such other particulars

as to the compensation as the Secretary of State may

direct, and in default of complying with this section

shall be liable on conviction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(2) Any regulations made by the Secretary of State

containing such directions as aforesaid shall be laid before

both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be after they

are made.

Part II.

Application to certain Industrial Diseases.

43.—(1) Where—

(i) the certifying surgeon appointed imder the

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, for the

district m which a workman is employed

certifies that the workman is suffering from a

disease mentioned in the Third Schedule to

this Act and is thereby disabled from earning

full wages at the work at which he was

employed; or

(ii) a workman is, in pursuance of any special

rules or regulations made under the Factory

and Workshop Act, 1901, suspended from his

usual employment on account of having

contracted any such disease; or

(iii) the death of a workman is caused by any siuii

disease;

1925.

WorkimrCs Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1G59

and the disease is due to the nature of any employment

in which the workman was employed at any time within

the twelve months. previous to the date of the disablement or suspension, whether under one or more employers,

he or his dependants shall be entitled to compensation

under this Act as if the disease or such suspension as

aforesaid were a personal injury by accident arising out

of and in the course of that employment, subject to the

following modifications:—

(a) The disablement or suspension shah, be treated as

the happening of the accident;

(h) If it is proved that the workman has at the time

of entering the employment wilfuUy and falsely

represented himself in writing as not having

previously suffered from the disease, compensation shall not be payable;

(c) The compensation shall be recoverable from the

employer who last employed the workman

during the said twelve months in the employment to the nature of which the disease was

due:

Provided that—

(i) the workman or his dependants if so

required shall furnish that employer with

such information as to the names and

addresses of all the other employers who

employed him in the employment during the

said twelve months as he or they may possess,

and, if such information is not furnished,

or is not sufficient to enable that employer

to take proceedings under the next following

proviso, that employer upon proving that

the disease was not contracted whilst the

workman was in his employment shall not

be hable to pay compensation; and

(ii) if that employer alleges that the

disease was in fact contracted whilst the

workman was in the employment of some

other employer, and not whilst in his

employment, he may join such other employer as a party to the arbitration, and if

the allegation is proved that other employer

shall be the employer from whom the

compensation is to be recoverable; and

1660 Ch. 84. Workmen's Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(iii) if the disease is of such a nature as to

be contracted by a gradual process, any

other employers who during the said twelve

months employed the workman in the

employment to the nature of which the

disease was due shall be hable to make to the employer from whom compensation is

recoverable such contributions as, in default

of agreement, may be determined in the

arbitration imder this Act for settling the

amount of the compensation, or, if the

amount of compensation is not in dispute,

as may be determined by arbitration imder

this Act.

(d) The amount of the compensation shall be calculated with reference to the earnings of the

workman under the employer from whom the

compensation is recoverable;

(e) The employer to whom notice of the death,

disablement or suspension is to be given shall

be the employer who last employed the workman during the said twelve months in the

employment to the nature of which the disease

was due, and the notice may be given notwithstanding that the workman has voluntarily

left his employment;

(f) If an employer or a workman is aggrieved by

the action of a certifying or other surgeon in

giving or refusing to give a certificate of disablement or in suspending or refusing to suspend

a workman for the purposes of this section, the

matter shall in accordance with regulations

made by the Secretary of State be referred to a

medical referee, whose decision shall be final,

and the medical referee when deciding the

matter shall also certify as to the condition of the workman at the time when he is examined

by him, and such certificate by the medical

referee shall be conclusive.

(2) For the purposes of this section the date of

disablement shall be such date as the certifying surgeon certifies as the date on which the disablement

1925.

Workmen's Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1661

commenced, or, if he is unable to certify such a date,

the date on which the certificate is given:

Provided that—

(a) Where the medical referee allows an appeal

against a refusal by a certifying surgeon to

give a certificate of disablement, the date of

sablement shall be such date as the medical

referee may determine:

(b) Where a workman dies without having obtained

a certificate of disablement, or is at the time

of death not in receipt of a weekly payment

on account of disablement, it shall be the

date of death.

(3) The Secretary of State may make orders for

extending the provisions of this section to other diseases

and other processes, and to injuries due to the nature

of any employment specified in the order not being

injuries by accident, either without modification or subject to such modifications as may be contained in the

order.

(4) Nothing in this section shall affect the rights

of a workman to recover compensation in respect of a

disease to which this section does not apply, if the

disease is a personal injury by accident within the meaning of this Act.

44.—(1) If the workman at or immediately before

the date of such disablement or suspension as aforesaid,

was employed in any process mentioned in the second

column of the Third Schedule to this Act, and the

disease contracted is the disease in the first column of

that Schedule set opposite the description of the process,

the disease, except where the certifying sm^geon certifies

that in his opinion the disease was not due to the

nature of the employment, shall be deemed to have

been due to the nature of that employment unless the

employer proves the contrary.

(2) Where a workman claims to be suffering from

and disabled by a disease to which the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act apply, the employer may

agree with the workman that he is liable to pay compensation without requiring the workman to obtain the

Supplemental provisions as to

industrial

diseases.

1002

Mutual

insurance

of employers

engaged in

industries.

Ch. 84. Workmen's Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

certificate of the certifying surgeon mentioned in those

provisions, and thereupon the workman shall be entitled

to compensation as for injury by accident from the date

of the agreement or from such other date as may be

agreed.

Any such agreement may be recorded in the manner

provided by section twenty-three of this Act, and shall

be enforceable against the employer in fike manner and

subject to the same provisions as an agreement to pay

compensation in case of an injury by accident.

(3) In such cases, and subject to such conditions as

the Secretary of State may direct, a paedical practitioner

appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose

shall have the powers and duties of a certif 3 dng surgeon

under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act,

and those provisions shall be construed accordingly.

(4) The Secretary of State may make rules regulating

the duties and fees of certifying and other surgeons

(including dentists) under the foregoing provisions of this

Part of this Act.

45.—(1) Where, after inquiry held on the application

of any employers or workmen engaged in any industry

to which the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act apply, it appears that a mutual trade insurance

company or society for insuring against the risks under

those provisions has been established for the industry, and that a tnajority of the employers engaged

in that industry are insured against such risks in the

company or society and that the company or society

consents, the Secretary of State may, by Provisional

Order require all employers in that industry to insure in

the company or society upon such terms and under such

conditions and subject to such exceptions as may be set

forth in the Order.

(2) Where such a company or society has been

established but is confined to employers in any particular locality or of any particular class, the Secretary

of State may for the purposes of this section treat the

industry, as carried on by employers in that locality

or of that class, as a separate industry.

(3) A Provisional Order made under this section

shall be of no force whatever unless and until it is con-

1925.

W(yr1cmm's Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1003

firmed by Parliament, and if, while the Bill confirming any

such Order is pending in either House of Parliament, a

petition is presented against the Order, the Bill may be

referred to a Select Committee, and the petitioner shall

be allowed to appear and oppose as in the case of Private

Bills, and any Act confirming any Provisional Order

under this section may be repealed, altered or amended

by a Provisional Order made and confirmed in like

manner.

46. Any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State Expenses of

in respect of any Order, Provisional Order, or con> Secretary of

firming Bill under the foregoing provisions of this Part

of this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by

ParUament.

47.—(1) The Secretary of State may by scheme Power by

provide for the payment of compensation by the em- scheme to

ployers of workmen in any specified industry or process ^pply

or group of industries or processes involving exposure to

sUica dust—

(a) who are certified in such manner as may be silicosis

prescribed by the scheme to have suffered

death or total disablement from the disease

known as fibroid phthisis or silicosis of the

lungs (in this section referred to as silicosis) or

from that disease accompanied by tuberculosis;

or

(6) who, though not totaUy disabled, are found on

medical examination to be suffering from

silicosis, or from siUcosis accompanied by tuberculosis, to such a degree as to make it dangeroxis

to continue work in the industry or process, and

are for that reason suspended from employment.

(2) The scale of compensation fixed by the scheme

in the case of death or total disablement due to silicosis

or silicosis accompanied by tuberculosis shall be that

prescribed by this Act and in any other case shall be

such as may be prescribed by the scheme.

(3) Provision may be made by the scheme—

(a) for the establishment of a general compensation fund, to be administered either through a

mutual trade insurance company or society of

16(54 Ch. 84. WorkmerCs Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

employers, or in such other manner as may

be provided by the scheme;

(b) for requiring employers to subscribe to the

fund, and for the recovery of such subscriptions, and for the payment and recovery out

of the fund of all compensation under the

scheme, and of any expenses arising under the

scheme which are directed by the scheme to

be so paid, subject to such exceptions in

special cases as may be made by the scheme;

(c) for the settlement of claims and other matters *

arising under the scheme by committees

representative of both employers and workmen, with an independent chairman, and for

the procedure to be adopted before such

committees;

(d) for the appointment and remimeration of

medical officers, medical boards and advisory

medical bodies, and for their duties and powers

in connection with the scheme;

(e) for requiring workmen to whom the scheme

apphes (i) to submit themselves to such

periodical medical examination, and (ii) to

furnish such information with respect to their

previous employment in any industry specified

in the scheme, as involving exposure to silica

dust, as may be prescribed by the scheme, and

for making the right of the workmen to compensation conditional on compliance with such

requirements, and for the suspension from

employment of workmen who are found at

any time to be suffering from silicosis or

tuberculosis, or silicosis accompanied by tuberculosis, or who, when first medically examined

in pursuance of the scheme, are found unsuitable for work in the industry or process

by reason of their failure to satisfy such

requirements with respect to physique as

• may be prescribed by the scheme; and

(f) for the application with the necessary modifications of any of the provisions of this Act,

or of any enactment relating to compensation

thereunder, and for defining the industries or

1925.

Workmen's Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1055

processes to which the scheme applies, and

generally for such further or supplemental

matters, including provisions as to the determination of disputes arising between employers

and the authority administering the fund, as

appear necessary for giving full effect to the

scheme.

(4) Any scheme made under this section may be

extended or varied by any subsequent scheme made in

the like manner, and shall have effect as if enacted in

this Act, but any scheme made under this section shall

be laid before each House of Parliament forthwith, and,

if an address is presented to His Majesty by either House

of Parliament within the next subsequent twenty-one

days on which that House sits next after any such

scheme is laid before it praying that the scheme may be

annulled. His Majesty in Council may annul the scheme,

and it shall thenceforward be void, but without prejudice

to the validity of anything done thereunder.

(5) Section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893,

shall not apply to any scheme made under this section.

Part III.

General.

48.—(1) In this Act unless the context otherwise

requires—

" Ship, " " vessel, " " seaman, " and " port " have the

same meanings as in the Merchant Shipping

Act, 1894;

" Manager, " in relation to a ship, means the ship’s

husband or other person to whom the management of the ship is entrusted by or on behalf

of the owner;

" Police force" means a police force to which the

Police Act, 1890, or the Police (Scotland) Act,

1890, applies, and the City of London Police

Force; *

" Outworker" means a person to whom articles or

materials are given out to be made up, cleaned,

washed, altered, ornamented, finished, or repaired, or adapted for sale in his own home

5N

56 & 67 Vict,

c. 66.

Interpretation.

63 & 54 Vict.

C.45.

53 *64 Vict,

c. 67.

1660

Application

to Scotland.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 51.

Commence *

ment, repeal

and extent.

Ch. 84. WofrhmerCs Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

or on other premises not under the control

or management of the person who gave out

the materials or articles;

" United Kingdom" means Great Britain and

Northern Ireland.

(2) The exercise and performance of the powers and

duties of a local or other public authority shall, for the

purposes of this Act, be treated as the trade or business

of the authority.

(3) Any reference to a workman who has been

injured shall, where the workman is dead, include a

reference to his legal personal representative, or to his

dependants, or other person to whom or for whose benefit

compensation is payable.

49. — (1) Any application to the sheriff as arbitrator

shall be heard, tried, and determined summarily in

the manner provided by section fifty of the Sheriff

Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907, save only that parties

may be represented by any person authorised in writing

to appear for them and subject to the declaration that

it shall be competent to either party within the time

and in accordance with the conditions prescribed by

act of sederunt to require the sheriff to state a case on

any question of law determined by him, and his decision

thereon in such case may be submitted to either division

of the Court of Session, who may hear and determine

the same and remit t6 the sheriff with instruction as to the judgment to be pronounced, and an appeal shall

lie from either of such divisions to the House of Lords.

(2) In this Act the expressions " county court, "

" judge of the county court, " " registrar of the coimty

court, " " county court judgment, " " plaintiff, " " contract of bailment, " and " rules of court, " as respects

Scotland, mean respectively sheriff court, sheriff, sheriff

clerk, recorded decree arbitral, pursuer, contract of letting

to hire, and act of sederunt.

50. —(1) This Act shall come into operation on the

first day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-six,

but shall not apply in any case where the accident

happened before the first day of January, nineteen

hundred and twenty-four.

1925. Workmen's Compensation Ch. 84, 1667

Act, 1925.

(2) The enactments mentioned in the Fourth Schedule

to this Act are so far as they relate to England and Wales

and Scotland hereby repealed to the extent mentioned

in the third column of that Schedule, but shall continue

to apply to cases where the accident happened before

the &st day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-

four, and to which they apply at the commencement of this Act:

Provided that nothing in this repeal shall affect any

scheme, order, rule, regulation, agreement or award, or

other instrument certified, issued or made, or any other

thing done imder the enactments so repealed and in

force at the commencement of this Act, but any such

scheme, order, rule, regulation, agreement, or award, or

other instrument, or other thing, shall continue in force

and have effect as if certified, issued, made or done

under this Act.

(3) The repeal of subsection (2) of section sixteen of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1906, shall not affect 6 Edw. 7.

the application of the Workmen’s Compensation Acts,

1897 and 1900, to cases to which by virtue of that

subsection they are to continue to apply.

(4) This Act shall not, except as otherwise expressly

provided, extend to Northern Ireland.

51. This Act may be cited as the Workmen’s Short title.

Compensation Act, 1925.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Section 21.

Arbitration, &c.

1. For the purpose of settling any matter which under this Act is to be settled by arbitration, if any committee, representative

of an employer and his workmen, exists with power to settle

5N 2

1668 Ch. 84. Workmen's Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

1st Sch. matters under this Act in the case of the employer and workmen,

— cont. the matter shall, unless either party objects by notice in writing

sent to the other party before the committee meet to consider

the matter, he settled by the arbitration of such committee, or

be referred by them in their discretion to arbitration as hereinsdter

provided.

2. If either party so objects, or there is no such committee,

or the committee so refers the matter or fails to settle the matter

within six months from the date of the claim, the matter shall

be settled by a single arbitrator agreed on by the parties, or

in the absence of agreement by the judge of the coimty court,

according to the procedure prescribed by rules of court.

3. In England the matter, instead of being settled by the

judge of the county court, may, if the Lord Chancellor so

authorises, be settled according to the like procedure, by a single

arbitrator appointed by that judge, and the arbitrator so

appointed shall, for the purposes of this Act, have all the powers

of that judge.

52 & 53 Vict, 4. The Arbitration Act, 1889, shall not apply to any

c. 49. arbitration under this Act; but a committee or an arbitrator

may, if they or he think fit, submit any question of law for the

decision of the judge of the county court, and the decision of the

jufige on any question of law, either on such submission, or

in any case where he himself settles the matter under this Act, or where he gives any decision or makes any order under

this Act, shall be final, unless within the time and in

accordance with the conditions prescribed by rules of the

Supreme Court either party appeals to the Court of Appeal;

and the judge of the coimty court, or the arbitrator appointed

by him, shall, for the purpose of proceedings under this Act, have

the same powers of procuring the attendance of witnesses and the

production of documents as if the proceedings were an action in

the county court.

6. A judge of county courts may in any case, if he thinks fit,

and shall, if any party in accordance with rules of court so requires

and gives security for the payment of the prescribed fee, summon

a medical referee to sit with him as assessor.

If a medical referee is so summoned on the application

of any party, that party shall, subject to any directions as to costs,

be liable to pay in respect of the attendance of the medical referee

such fee as may be prescribed by the Secretary of State.

6. Rules of Court may make provision—

(a) for the appearance in any arbitration under this Act

of any party by some other person; and

1925.

Workmen's Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1669

(6) for conferring on the judge or registrar of a county

court in proceedings under this Act the like powers

of making orders for the examination of witnesses and

persona, and for discovery, interrogatories, inspection

of documents, and further particulars, and of granting

a new trial, as are exercisable as respects actions in

county courts.

7. —(1) The costs of and incidental to the arbitration and

proceedings connected therewith shall be in the discretion of the committee, arbitrator, or judge of the county court, subject

as respects such judge and an arbitrator appointed by him to

rules of court.

(2) The costs, whether before a committee or an arbitrator

or in the county court, shall not exceed the limit prescribed by

rules of court, and shall be taxed in manner prescribed by those

rules and such taxation may be reviewed by the judge of the

county court.

8. In the case of the death, or refusal or inability to act, of

an arbitrator, the judge of the county court may, on the application

of any party, appoint a new arbitrator.

9. Where a reference is made to a medical referee under

section sixteen or section nineteen of this Act, or where on an

application for the registration of a memorandum of agreement

a report of a medical referee is required imder this Act to be

obtained, there shall, subject to any directions as to costs and

to the provisions hereinafter contained, be payable by the

applicant for the reference or for the registration of the memorandum such fee in respect of the remuneration and expenses of the medical referee as the Secretary of State may prescribe, and

provision may be made by rules of court for the payment of

such fees through the registrar of the county court.

All such references shall be made and reports obtained in

accordance with regulations of the Secretary of State.

10. Any sum awarded as compensation shall, unless paid

into court under this Act, be paid on the receipt of the person

to whom it is payable under any agreement or award, and the

solicitor or agent of a person claiming compensation under this Act shall not be entitled to recover from him any costs in respect

of any proceedings in an arbitration under this Act, or to claim

a lien in respect of such costs on, or deduct such costs from, the

sum awarded or agreed as compensation, except such sum as may

be awarded by the committee, the arbitrator, or the judge of the

1st Sch.

— cont.

1670

Ch. 84.

1st Soh.

— cont.

Section 26 .

Worhmen's Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

county court, on an application made either by the person claiming compensation, or by his solicitor or agent, to determine the

amount of costs to be paid to the sohcitor or agent, such sum to

be awarded subject to taxation and to the scale of costs prescribed

by rules of court.

11. Any committee, arbitrator, or judge may, subject to regulations made by the Secretary of State and the Treasury, submit

to a medical referee for report any matter which seems material

to any question arising in the arbitration.

12. No court fee shall be payable by a workman in respect

of any proceedings in a court under this Act.

13. Paragraphs 3, 4, 6(6), and 8 of this Schedule shall not apply

to Scotland, and in its application to Scotland this Schedule shall

have effect as if for paragraph 12 the following paragraph were

substituted:—

No court fee shall be payable by any party in respect of

any proceedings by or against a workman under this Act in

the court prior to the award, or for recording a memorandum

of agreement under this Act.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to Payments into Court and

Investment.

1. Any sum paid into court under this Act shall, subject to

rules of court and the provisions of this schedule, be invested,

applied, or otherwise dealt with by the court in such manner as

the court in its discretion thinks fit for the benefit of the persons

entitled thereto under this Act, and the receipt of the registrar

of the court shall be a sufficient discharge in respect of the amount

paid in.

2. In the event of the death of any person entitled as a

dependant to money paid into a county court under this Act,

then, if no direction has been given as to the disposition thereof

for the benefit of other dependants in the event of the death of the person entitled thereto, the court may, without probate or

letters of administration, distribute the sum amongst such

1925.

Workmen's Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84.

1671

persons as appear to the court, upon such evidence as the court

may deem satisfactory, to be entitled by law to receive the same,

or if the dependant so dying is iUegitimate and dies intestate,

amongst the persons who in the opinion of the court would have

been entitled thereto if the dependant had been legitimate; and,

if there are no such persons, the court shall deal with the sum

as the Treasury may direct:

Provided that, where the principal value of the estate of the dependant so dying exceeds one hundred pounds, any sum

paid under this paragraph without probate or letters of administration shall be liable to estate duty as part of the amount on

which that duty is charged, and the county court shall, before

making any such payment, require a statutory declaration by

the claimant, or by one of the claimants, that the principal

value of the estate, including the sum in question, does not,

after deduction of debts and funeral expenses, exceed the value

of one hundred pounds, or the production of a letter or certificate

from the Commissioners of Inland Revenue stating either that

all duties payable in respect of the sum in question have been

paid, or that no duty thereon is payable.

This paragraph does not apply to Scotland.

3. Rules of court may provide for the transfer of money

paid into court imder this Act from one court to another, whether

or not the court from which it is to be transferred is in the s^me

part of Great Britain as the court to which it is to be transferred,

and for the transfer to a county court in Northern Ireland of

money paid into court under this Act, and to a county court in

Great Britain of money paid into court in Northern Ireland

under any enactment for the time being in force in Northern

Ireland relating to the compensation of workmen for injuries

suffered in the comse of their employment.

4. Any sum which under this schedule is ordered to be

invested may be invested in whole or in part in the Post Office

Savings Bank by the registrar of the county court in his name

as registrar.

5. Any sum to be so invested may be invested in the

purchase of an annuity from the National Debt Commissioners

through the Post Office Savings Bank, or be accepted by the

Postmaster-General as a deposit in the name of the registrar as

such, and the provisions of any statute or regulations respecting

the limits of deposits in savings banks, and the declaration to be

made by a depositor, shall not apply to such sums.

6. No part of any money invested in the name of the

registrar of any county court in the Post Office Savings Bank

under this Act shall be paid out, except upon authority addressed

2nd Soh.

— cont.

1672

2ni> Sch.

— cont.

Sections 43,

44.

Ch. 84. Workmen's Compensation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

to the Postmaster-General by the Treasury or, subject to regulations of the Treasury, by the judge or registrar of the county

court.

7. Any person deriving any benefit from any moneys

invested in a post office savings bank under the provisions of this Act may, nevertheless, open an account in a post office

savings bank or in any other savings bank in his own name

without being liable to any penalties imposed by any statute

or regulations in respect of the opening of accounts in two savings

banks, or of two accounts in the same savings bank.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Description of Disease.

Description of Process.

Anthrax -

Lead poisoning or its

sequelae.

Mercury poisoning or

its sequelae.

Phosphorus poisoning

or its sequelae.

Arsenic poisoning or

its sequelae.

Ankylostomiasis

Handling of wool, hair, bristles, hides, and

skins.

Any process involving the use of lead or

its preparations or compounds.

Any process involving the use of mercury

or its preparations or compounds.

Any process involving the use of phosphorus or its preparations or compounds.

Any process involving the use of arsenic

or its preparations or compounds.

Mining.

Where regulations or special rules made under any Act of

Parliament for the protection of persons employed in any

industry against the risk of contracting lead poisoning require

some or aU of the persons employed in certain processes specified

in the regulations or special rules to be periodically examined by

a certifying or other surgeon, then, in the application of this

schedule to that industry, the expression "process " shall, unless

the Secretary of State otherwise directs, include only the processes

so specified.

1925.

Workmen's Compensation

Act, 1925. Ch. 84, 85.

1673

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments bepealbo.

Session

and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

6 Edw. 7. c. 68

The Workmen’s Compensation

Act, 1906.

The whole Act.

9 Edw. 7. c. 16

The Workmen’s Compensation

(Anglo-French Convention)

Act, 1909.

The whole Act.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 50.

The Coal Mines Act, 1911

Section one hundred

and ten.

8&9 Geo. 5. c. 8

The Workmen’s Compensation

(Illegal Employment) Act,

1918.

The whole Act.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 14.

The Workmen’s Compensation

(Silicosis) Act, 1918.

The whole Act.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 73.

The Coimty Courts Act, 1919

Sections twenty-five

and twenty-six.

13 & 14 Geo. 5.

The Workmen’s Compensation

The whole Act, ex-

0. 42.

Act, 1923.

cept sections one,

six, twenty-eight,

twenty-nine, thirty

and thirty-one.

144; 15 Geo. 6.

c. 17.

The County Courts Act, 1924

Section six.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

c. 40.

The Workmen’s Compensation

(Silicosis) Act, 1924.

The whole Act.

CHAPTER 85.

An Act to amend the Land Settlement (Facilities)

Act, 1919, by substituting other provisions for

those contained in section twenty-seven of the

said Act.

[22nd December 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Section 60.

1074

Provisions

to be snb-

stituted for

s. 27 of

9 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 59.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 36.

Ch. 85. Land Settlement 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

(Facilities) Amendment Act, 1925.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The following provisions shall be substituted for

section twenty-seven of the Land Settlement (Facilities)

Act, 1919 (which provides for the recoupment of certain

losses incurred by county councils in connection with

the acquisition of land under the Small Holdings and

Allotments Act, 1908):—

" (1) For the purpose of this section there shall

be ascertained—

" (a) the amount of the charges which will

fall to be met in the half-year beginning on

the appointed day and every subsequent

half-year by any council in respect of expenditure properly incurred by them before the

appointed day in respect of the acquisition,

adaptation or improvement of, or otherwise

in relation to, their small holdings estate

(in this section referred to as " small holdings

charges"); and

" (6) the net income which will accrue in

the year beginning on the appointed day

and in every subsequent year to the council

from the council’s small holdings estate.

"(2) The amount of a •small holdings charge

falhng to be met in any half-year shall, for the

purpose of thi^ section, be taken to be—

" (a) in the case of a tithe redemption

annuity or any perpetual or terminable

rentcharge created on the acquisition of land,

one-half of the amount payable in the year in

respect thereof;

" (b) in the case of an annuity issued under

section nine of this Act, one-half of the

amount of the annuity, together with one-

half of the amount which the council is

directed to set apart in the year to form a

sinking fund for the discharge of the armuity;

" (c) in the case of a mortgage repayable

by payments of principal and interest combined, or by equal yearly or hah-yearly

instalments of principal together with

1925. Land Settlement Ch. 85.

[Facilities) Amendment Act, 1925.

interest on the balance of the principal snin

for the time being outstanding, one-half of the aggregate of the amounts so payable in

the year;

" (d) in the case of any other mortgage or

charge, such amount as is agreed between the

]\Iinister and the council concerned to be

payable in that half-year as interest thereon,

together with one-half of the amount which

the council is required to set apart in the

year to form a sinking fund for the discharge

of the principal sum.

" (3) For the purpose of ascertaining the net

annual income of the council’s small holdings

estate for any year, the net annual income of

land forming part of that estate shall be taken

to be—

" (a) in the case of land other than leasehold

land, the amount representing the estimated

average yearly rent obtainable by the council

for the land after deducting therefrom the

estimated cost of repairs, insurance, expenses

of management and other outgoings reasonably necessary to secure that rent, but

without deducting any small holdings charges

or income tax;

" (6) in the case of leasehold land, the

difiference between the estimated average

yearly rent obtainable by the council for the

land and the estimated annual expenditure

of the council on account of rent and other

necessary outgoings in connection with the

land, including any amounts required to meet

the estimated net liability of the council to the landlord or to the tenants of the council

on the expiration of the current tenancy:

" Provided that—

" (i) if the amount of the estimated

average yearly rent is less than the

amount of the estimated annual expenditure, the deficiency shall be brought into

account; and

1675

1676

Ch. 85.

Land Settlement 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

(Facilities) Amendment Act, 1925.

" (ii) no rent shall be deemed to be

obtainable by the council in respect of the land after the expiration of the

current tenancy of the council.

" (4) Where before the appointed day a council

has properly incurred any expenditure in respect

of the acquisition, adaptation or improvement of,

or otherwise in relation to, their small holdings

estate, but has not obtained a loan under the

principal Act in respect of that expenditure, or

where a council after the appointed day has

incurred any such expenditure in respect of which

the approval of the Minister was given before the

appointed day, there shall be ascertained, on the

basis of the foregoing provisions of this section,

the amount representing the half-yearly charges

which would have become payable by the council

if the amount of the expenditure had been raised

by loan, and the amount so ascertained shall, for

the purpose of this section, be treated as if it were

a small holdings charge.

" (5) The Minister shall, on such date as may

be agreed between him and the council, pay to

every council in respect of each half-year a sum

equal to the amount, if any, by which the

aggregate amount of the small holdings charges

payable by the council during that half-year

exceeds one-half of the net annual income of the

council’s small holdings estate for the year ascertained as aforesaid:

" Provided that, as regards the payments to be

made in respect of the financial year ending on

the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred

and twenty-seven, and in respect of each of the

two next following years, the date to be agreed as

aforesaid shall be a date not earlier than the first

day of the financial year following the year in

respect of which the payment is to be made.

" Any sum paid to a council under this subsection may be applied by the council in

defraying any expenditure in connection with the

council’s small holdings estate.

" (6) There shall also be ascertained the

amount of the loss which a council will

1925. Land Settlement Ch. 85. 1077

(Facilities) Amendment Act, 1925.

necessarily or without any unreasonable default

on its part incur in respect of—

" (a) any advance made or guaranteed

before the appointed day by the council

under section eighteen of this Act; and

" (b) any arrears of rent due or accruing

to the council on the appointed day from

any person who is or was a tenant of land

acquired by the council under the principal

Act and of any other liabilities of such a

tenant to the council remaining undischarged on the appointed day,

and the aggregate of the amounts so ascertained

shall be paid to the council by the iVIinister in four

equal annual instalments, the first of which shall

be made on the appointed day or as soon thereafter as the loss is ascertained, and the remainder

of which shall be made on each succeeding first

day of April.

" (7) If any question arises between the Minister

and a council with respect to any matter to

be ascertained under this section, that question

shall be determined by arbitration in accordance

with the provisions of the Second Schedule to the

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923, except that— 13 & 14

" (a) in default of agreement, the arbitrator

shall be appointed by the Reference Committee for England and Wales, constituted

under section one of the Acquisition of Land 9 & 10

(Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, and Geo. 5. c. 57.

may be a person who is not a member of the

panel formed under the said Second Schedule,

and for the purposes of this provision the

Reference Committee shall be deemed to

include the President of the Institute of

Chartered Accountants in England and Wales

as well as the persons mentioned in the said

section one; and

"(b) the Minister and the council shall

each bear their own costs and pay the costs

of the award in equal shares.

1078 Ch. 85. Land Settlement 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

(Facilities) Amendment Act, 1925.

" (8) For the purposes of this section unless the

context otherwise requires—

" ‘ The council’s small holdings estate ’

means the land acquired by a council under

the principal Act and vested in them on the

appointed day, other than any land acquired

by them when acting in default of a district

or parish council or any small holdings of

less than one acre;

" ‘ Rent’means, in the case of land

capable of being let for the purposes of small

holdings or allotments, the amount which

would be obtainable as rent if the land were

let for those purposes;

" ‘ Council’means the council of a county;

" ‘ Year’means the year beginning on the

fii-st day of April, and ‘ half-year’means the

period beginning on the first day of April or

the first day of October in any year;

" ‘ Current’in relation to a tenancy means

current until the first day after the appointed

day on which the tenancy might be terminated

by the landlord and no longer;

" ‘ The appointed day’means the first day

of April, nineteen.hundred and twenty-six;

" Expenditure shall not be treated as

having been properly incurred if, being

expenditure for which the approval of the Minister was by law required, such approval

was not given.

" (9) The provisions of this section shall apply

to the council of a county borough in respect of

land acquired by the council for the purposes of

small holdings in like manner as it applies to the

council of a county.

"(10) Amounts required to be ascertained for

the purposes of this section may be so ascertained

before the appointed day, and if not so ascertained

shall be so ascertained as soon as possible thereafter.

1925.

Land SeUleme'td Ch. 85, 80.

[Facilities) Amendment Act, 1925.

1079

" (11) When any amount has once been ascertained in accordance with the provisions of this

section, it shall not thereafter be subject to

revision or variation."

2. This Act may be cited as the Land Settlement Short title.

(Facilities) Amendment Act, 1925.

CHAPTER 86.

An Act to amend the law with respect to the

administration of criminal justice in England,

and otherwise to amend the criminal law.

[22nd December 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and vith the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Probation of Offenders.

1. — (1) For the purposes of the principal Act, Probation

one or more probation officers shall be appointed for officers,

every probation area, and it shall be the duty of

probation officers to undertake the supervision of

persons in respect of whom supervision is required

by a probation order, whether made by a court of

summary jurisdiction or by a court of assize or a court

of quarter sessions.

(2) The probation committee of a probation area

may pay such sums by way of salary or remuneration

to the probation officers appointed for the area and to

any persons, not being probation officers, named in

probation orders made by any court of summary

jurisdiction sitting vithin the area or by any court of

assize or quarter sessions in respect of persons who

have been committed for trial by examining justices

sitting within the area, and such sums on account of

1680

Probation

areas and

committees.

Ch. 86. Criminal Justice 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

expenses incurred by those officers and persons in the

performance of their duties, as, subject to the provisions

of this Part of this Act with respect to scales of salaries,

remuneration and expenses, may be agreed upon between

the committee and the local authority liable to make

the payment, or, failing agreement, may be determined

by the Secretary of State.

(3) The Secretary of State shall have power by

scheme to make such arrangements as he thinks fit with

a view to the provision of superannuation allowances

or gratuities for probation officers or their legal personal

representatives:

Provided that the Secretary of State, before making

any such scheme, shall cause notice thereof to be given

in such manner as he thinks fit to any local authorities

who may be affected thereby, and shall take into cdn-

sideration any representations with respect thereto which

may be submitted to him by any such authority.

2.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, every petty

sessional division shall be a probation area for the

purposes of the principal Act;

Provided that the Secretary of State may, if he

thinks it desirable so to do with a view to securing

the more effective operation of the law relating to the

probation of offenders, by order direct that two or

more petty sessional divisions shall be combined to form

a probation area.

(2) There shall be a probation committee for every

petty sessional division, whether a probation area or

not, and for every combmed area.

(3) The probation committee shall consist, in the

case of a petty sessional division, of three or more

justices appointed in the prescribed manner by the

justices acting in and for that division, and, in the case

of a combined area, of such number of justices, to be

appointed in the prescribed manner and representing

respectively the justices for the several petty sessional

divisions comprised in the combined area and any court

of quarter sessions in whose district any part of the

combined area is situate, as may be provided by the

order constituting the combined area.

(4) A court of quarter sessions for a county may

submit to the Secretary of State schemes vdth respect to

1925. CriminalJustiee Ch. 80. 1081

Act, 1925.

the constitution of combined areas and of probation

committees for such areas, and the Secretary of State

shall take into consideration any such schemes which

may be submitted to him and shall, before making an

order constituting a combined area, give to the justices

acting in and for any petty sessional division affected

by the order an opportunity of making to him any

representations which they may desire to make with

respect to the order.

(5) Subject as hereinafter provided, it shall be

the duty of the probation committee of a probation

area to—

(a) appoint probation officers for the probation

area;

(6) pay the salaries and other sums payable to probation officers and persons named in probation

orders and any superannuation allowances or

gratuities payable under this Part of this Act;

(c) supervise the work and receive the reports of

such officers and persons; and

(d) perform such other duties in connection with the

probation of offenders as may be prescribed or

as the Secretary of State may by order direct:

Provided that—

(i) in the case of a probation area which is not a

combined area the appointment of probation

officers for the area shall be made by the

justices acting in and for the petty sessional

f division and not by the probation committee,

imless the justices by resolution delegate to the committee the power of appointing probation officers; and

(ii) in the case of a combined area, the duty

of supervising the work and receiving the

reports of probation officers and persons

named in probation orders shall be performed

by the probation committees of the several

petty sessional divisions comprised in the area

instead of by the probation committee for

the area.

(b) Where a stipendiary magistrate is appointed, or

other special court of summary jurisdiction is constituted, for an area not being a petty sessional division,

50

1682

Seleotion

of probation

officers.

Employ,

ment of

agents of

Ch. 86. Criminal Justice 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

the Secretary of State may by order apply this Part of this Act to that area subject to such adaptations as he

may consider necessary or expedient, and the order may

contain such supplemental, incidental and consequential

provisions as may appear to him necessary or proper for

the purposes of the order.

3. —(1) The person to act as probation officer shall,

in a case where the probation order is made by a

court of summary jurisdiction, be selected from among

the probation officers for the probation area for or within

which that court exercises jurisdiction, and, where the

probation order is made by a court of assize or a court

of quarter sessions, be selected from among the probation officers appointed for the probation area for or

within which the examining justices by whom the

offender was committed for trial act:

Provided that—

(a) if the court making the order thinks it

desirable so to do, having regard to the

place of residence of the offender or any

other special reason, the court may appoint a

probation officer for any other probation area

to act under the order; and

(b) the court making the order may, in any special

case in which it appears desirable so to do,

appoint a person not being a probation officer

to imdertake supervision in respect of that

case,

(2) Where the circumstances permit, the court shall

appoint a probation officer who is a woman to supervise

an offender who is a woman and an officer experienced

in dealing with children or young persons to supervise

an offender who is under the age of sixteen years.

(3) Where the probation officer or other person

named in a probation order has died or is unable for

any reason to carry out his duties, or where the court

before which the offender is bound by his recognizance

to appear for conviction or sentence for any reason

considers it desirable that another person should be

appointed in the place of that officer or person, the court

shall appoint another probation officer or person to

imdertake supervision in respect of the case.

4. —(1) It shall be lawful to appoint as a probation

officer for any^area, or to name in a probation order as

1925.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925. Ch. 86.

1683

the person to undertake supervision in any special case, voluntary

a person who is the agent of a voluntary society, and societies as

any sums payable by way of salary, remuneration, or probation

otherwise under this Act to such an agent may be paid

to the society.

(2) In this section the expression "voluntary

society" means a society carrying on mission work in

connection with police courts or other work in connection

with the supervision and care of offenders.

5.—(1) The sums required to meet any expenses Salaries and

incurred by a probation committee in respect of the expenses,

salaries, remuneration and expenses of probation officers

and of persons, not being probation officers, named in

probation orders, and in respect of superannuation

allowances or gratuities to probation officers and any

other expenses of a probation committee which may

be incurred in accordance with rules made by the

Secretary of State, shall be defrayed, in accordance

with rules so made, by the local authority in whose area

the probation area is situate:

Provided that, where a probation area is situate in

the area of two or more local authorities, the sums to

be defrayed as aforesaid by the local authority shall be

apportioned between the several authorities in such

manner as may be agreed upon between them, or, in

default of agreement, as may be determined by the

Secretary of State.

(2) It shall be lawful for a local authority to

contribute towards the expense of maintaining persons

w; ho have been released on probation under a condition

as to residence.

(3) There shah, be paid out of moneys provided by

Parliament, towards the expenditure of local authorities

under this Part of this Act and towards the expense of

maintaining persons who have been released on probation as aforesaid, such sums as the Secretary of State,

with the approval of the Treasury, may direct, and

subject to such conditions as he may with the like

approval determine.

(4) If in any case the Secretary of State thinks fit

to withhold the whole or any part of the grant which

would otherwise have been payable under this section to a

local authority in respect of any year, he may direct that

the local authority shall be relieved of the liability to

50 2

1684

Ch. 86.

Crimhml Justice

Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Supplemental provisions as to

probation

orders

4&5 Geo.5.

c. 58

Minor

amendments of

Probation

of Offenders

Acts.

pay the whole or any part of the sums falling to be

defrayed under this Part of this Act by the local

authority in respect of that year.

6. The court by which a probation order is made

may by the order provide that the powers which, by

this Act and by section nine of the Criminal Justice

Administration Act, 1914, are conferred on the court

before which the offender is bound by his recognizance to

appear for conviction or sentence as respects—

(1) the appointment of a probation officer or other

person in heu of the probation officer or of the

other person named in the probation order;

(2) the variation of the terms and conditions of the

recognizance;

may be exercised by any court of summary jurisdiction

acting for the area in which the offender may for the

time being reside.

7. —(1) In every case where a person as respects

whom a probation order has been made by a court of

summary jurisdiction did not plead guilty or admit the

truth of the information, he shall have a right to appeal

against the order to a court of quarter sessions on the

ground that he was not guilty of the offence charged, in the

same manner as if he had been convicted of the offence.

On any such appeal the court of quarter sessions

shall allow the appeal if it thinks that the appellant was

not guilty of the offence charged, and in any other case

shall dismiss the appeal.

(2) The following shall be substituted for subsection

(3) of section one of the principal Act:—

" (3) The court may by any such order direct

that it shall be a condition of the recognizance

to be entered into by the offender that he shall

pay such damages for injury or compensation for

loss (not exceeding in the case of a court of

summary jurisdiction twenty-five pounds, or, if a

higher limit is fixed by any enactment relating to the offence, that higher limit), and such costs of the proceedings, as the court thinks reasonable."

(3) In any case where it is intended in pursuance

of section six of the principal Act to issue a summons

instead of a warrant in the first instance, it shall not be

necessary that the information shall be on oath or in

writing.

1925.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925. Ch. 86.

1685

(4) A coiirt before which an offender is brought

or appears under section six of the principal Act for

failing to observe the conditions of his recognizance may,

instead of sentencing him for the original offence under

subsection (5) of that section or ^'emanding him. to

custody or on bail under subsection (3) of that section,

as the case may be, and without prejudice to the continuance in force of the probation order, impose on him

in respect of such failure a penalty not exceeding ten

pounds.

(5) Where under subsection (3) of the said section

six an offender is remanded to custody or on bail by a

court of summary jurisdiction, that court shall transmit

to the court before which the offender is bound to

appear imder his recognizance a certificate signed by a

justice stating that the offender has failed to observe

the conditions of the recognizance, together with such

particulars of the circumstances of the case as the first-

mentioned court may consider expedient, and for the

purposes of proceedings m the court to which it is transmitted the certificate shall be admissible as evidence

that the offender has so failed.

(6) Where a person as respects whom a probation

order has been made is, in pursuance of subsection (5)

of section six of the principal Act, convicted for the

original offence and his recognizance is adjudged by the

court to be forfeited, the court instead of adjudging the

persons bound thereby to pay the sums for which they

are respectively bound may, as it thinks fit, adjudge

those persons or any of them to pay part only of those

sums or may as respects all or any of those persons

remit payment thereof.

8. The Secretary of State may make rules for Power to

carrying this Part of tl^ Act into effect, and in particular—

(a) for prescribing, subject to the provisions of this

Part of this Act, the constitution, procedure,

powers and duties of probation committees:

(b) for fixing scales of salaries and remuneration to

be paid in the case of probation officers and

other persons, not being probation officers, named

in probation orders, and of the expenses to

be allowed to those officers and persons, and

for regulating superannuation allowances and

1686

Ch. 86.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

gratuities payable in the case of probation

officers:

(c) for prescribing the qualification of probation

officers, and for providing that the appointment

of a probation officer shall not, in any case

where the Secretary of State so directs, be

effective unless confirmed by him:

(d) for authorising any powers or duties of a local

authority under the principal Act to be delegated

to or to be_^ performed by a committee of the

authority:

(e) for prescribing anything which under this Part

of this Act is to be prescribed.

Application 9.—(1) The foregoing provisions of this Part of this

of Part I. Act shall in their application to the metropolitan police

to London, court district have effect subject to the following

modifications —

(a) The provisions with respect to the appointment

of probation committees shall not apply:

(b) The power to appoint probation officers and

other powers of probation committees shall be

exercised by the Secretary of State:

(c) There shall be paid out of the metropolitan

police fund apy sums which the Secretary of

State may direct to be paid in respect of any

salaries, remuneration or other sums payable

to probation officers or other persons and of

any superannuation allowances or gratuities

payable in the case of probation officers, and

any sums which the Secretary of State may

direct to be paid towards the expense of maintaining persons who have been released on

probation under a condition as to residence.

In this paragraph the expression "probation

officers" means probation officers appointed

by the Secretary of State, and the expression

" other persons" means persons, not being

probation officers, named in probation orders

made by any court of summary jurisdiction

sitting within the district, or made by any court

of assize or quarter sessions, in respect of persons

who have been committed for trial by examining

justices sitting within the district.

1925.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925. Ch. 86.

1687

For the purpose of the provisions of this Part

of this Act relating to the payments to be made

out of moneys provided by Parliament, any

expenditure under this paragraph out of the

metropolitan police fund shall be treated as

being expenditme of a local authority:

(d) Each division of the district shall be deemed to

be a petty sessional division.

(2) In the application of this Part of this Act to the

City of London, the City shall be deemed to be a petty

sessional division and the provisions relating to th6

constitution of combined areas shall not apply.

10. In this Part of this Act, unless the context

otherwise requires:—

The expression "the principal Act" means the

Probation of Offenders Act, 1907, and references

to that Act shall be construed as references

to that Act as amended by any subsequent

enactment, including this Part of this Act:

The expression "combined area" means a probation

area consisting of two or more petty sessional

divisions combined by virtue of an order made by

the Secretary of State under this Part of this Act;

The expression "probation order" has the same

meaning as in the principal Act:

The expression "local authority" means the authority out of whose funds the salary of the clerk

to the justices for the petty sessional division is

to be paid:

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by

rules made under this Part of this Act.

Part II.

Jurisdiction and Procedure.

Indictable Offences generally.

11. -(l) A person charged with any indictable offence

may be proceeded against, indicted, tried and punished in

any county or place in which he was apprehended, or is

in custody on a charge for the offence, or has appeared in

answer to a summons lawfully issued charging the offence,

as if the offence had been committed in that county or

place, and the offence shall, for all purposes incidental to

or consequential on the prosecution, trial or punishment

Iuteq)rcta-

tion of

Pan I.

7 E.hv. 7.

c. 17.

Venue in

in(lictat)Ie

otfenees.

1(5^8 Ch. 8G. Criminal Justice 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

thereof, he deemed to have been committed in that county

or place;

Provided that, if at any time dm*ing the course of any

proceedings taken against any person before any examining

justices in pursuance of this subsection—

(a) it appears to the examining justices that the

accused would suffer hardship if he were indicted

and tried in the county or place aforesaid, the

examining justices shall forthwith (but without

prejudice to their powers under section twenty-

11 & 12 Vict. two of the Indictable Offences Act, 1848), cease

2. to proceed further in the matter under this

subsection; and

(6) if the accused applies to the justices to discontinue further proceedings under this subsection

on the ground that he wiU otherwise suffer

hardship and the justices refuse to comply with

the application, the accused may appeal to the

High Court against the decision of the justices,

and the justices shall, on being informed by the

accused of his intention so to appeal, suspend

further proceedings under this subsection

pending the decision of the High Court.

On an appeal to the High Court under the

foregoing provision the High Court shall either

direct the examining justices to cease proceedings under this subsection or shah, disallow

the appeal, as it thinks proper.

(2) Where any person is charged with two or more

indictable offences, he may be proceeded against, indicted,

tried and punished in respect of all those offences in any

county or place in which he could be proceeded against,

indicted, tried or punished in respect of any one of those

offences, and all the offences with which that person is

charged shall, for all purposes incidental to or consequential

on the prosecution, trial or punishment thereof, be deemed

to have been committed in that county or place.

(3) Where a person is charged with an offence

3&4Ge(). .'3. against the Forgery Act, 1913, or with an offence

c. 27. indictable at common law or under any Act for the time

being in force, consisting in the forging or altering of

any matter whatsoever, or in offering, uttering, disposing

of or putting off any matter whatsoever, knowing the

same to be forged or altered, and the offence relates to

1925.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925. Ch. 86.

1089

documents made for the purpose of any Act relating to the suppression of the slave trade, the offence shall for

the purposes of jurisdiction and trial be treated as an

offence against the Slave Trade Act, 1873. 36 & 37 Vict.

(4) Nothing in this section shall affect the laws

relating to the government of His Majesty’s Naval,

Military or Air Forces.

12.—(1) Where any person is charged before ex- provisions

amining justices with an indictable offence, the justices as to taking

shall, as soon as may he after the examination of each

witness for the prosecution has been concluded, cause the to)

deposition of that witness to be read to him in the presence and stato-

and hearing of the accused, and shall cause him to sign meutof

the deposition, and shall forthwith hind him over to accused on

attend the trial in manner directed by section twenty of before

the Indictable Offences Act, 1848, as amended by this Act. examinin'

(2) Immediately after the last witness for the justices,

prosecution has been bound over to attend the trial, the ii&i2 Vict.

examining justices shall read the charge to the accused c. 42.

and explain the nature thereof to him in ordinary language,

and inform him that he has the right to call witnesses and,

if he so desires, to give evidence on his own behalf.

After so doing the examining justices shall then

address to him the following words or words to the like

effect—

‘ Do you wish to say anything in answer to the

charge ? You are not obliged to say anything

unless you desire to do so, but whatever you say

will be taken down in writing and may be given in

evidence upon your trial. ’

(3) Before the accused makes any statement in

answer to the charge, the examining justices shall

state to him and give him clearly to understand that

he has nothing to hope from any promise of favour and

nothing to fear from any threat which may have been

held out to him to induce him to make any admission or

confession of his guilt, but that whatsoever he then says

may be given in evidence on his trial notwithstanding the

promise or threat.

(4) Whatever the accused states in answer to the

charge shall he taken down in manner shown in a form

to be prescribed by rules made under this Act in substitution for Form N. in the Schedule to the Indictable

Offences Act, 1848, and shall be read over to the accused,

and signed by the examining justices and also, if he so

1690

Ch. 86.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

desires, by him, and shall he transmitted to the court of

trial with the depositions of the witnesses in manner

provided in section twenty of the said Act.

On the trial the statement of the accused taken

down as aforesaid, and whether signed by him or not,

may he given in evidence without further proof thereof,

unless it is proved that the examining justices purporting

to sign the statement did not in fact sign it.

(6) Immediately after complying with the requirements of this section relating to the statement of the

accused, and whether the accused has or has not made a

statement, the examining justices shall ask the accused

whether he desires to give evidence on his own hehalf

and whether he desires to call witnesses.

If the accused in answer to the question states that

he wishes to give evidence hut not to call witnesses, the

justices shall proceed to take forthwith the evidence of the accused, and after the conclusion of the evidence of the accused his counsel or solicitor shall he heard on his

hehalf if he so desires.

If the accused in answer to the question states that

he desires to give evidence on his own hehalf and to call

witnesses, or to call witnesses only, the justices shall

proceed to take either forthwith, or, if a speech is to

he made by counsel or solicitor on behalf of the accused,

after the conclusion of that speech, the evidence of the

accused, if he desires to give evidence himself, and of any

witness called by him who knows anything relating to the

facts and circumstances of the case or anything tending

to prove the innocence of the accused.

All statements made by the accused and all evidence

given by him or any such witness as aforesaid (not

being a witness merely to the character of the accused)

under this subsection shall he taken down in writing

and shall he transmitted to the court of trial, together

with the depositions of the witnesses for the prosecution,

and the provisions of subsection (1) of this section shall

apply in the case of witnesses for the defence as they

apply in the case of witnesses for the prosecution, except

that the justices shall not hind over to attend the trial

any witness who is a witness merely to the character of the accused.

(6) Nothing contained in this section shall prevent

the prosecutor in any case from giving in evidence at the

trial any admission or confession or other statement of

1925.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925. Ch. 86.

1691

the accused made at any time which is by law admissible

as evidence against the accused.

(7) The depositions taken in connection with any

charge for an indictable offence shall he signed by the

justices before whom they are taken in such manner as

may he directed by rules made under this Act, and where

any such charge is enquired into by two or more examining

justices, the deposition of a witness or the statement of the accused shall for all purposes he deemed to he

sufficiently signed if signed by any one of those justices.

(8) The examining justices shall, notwithstanding

anything in the Indictable Offences Act, 1848, before

determining whether they will or will not commit an

accused person for trial, take into consideration his

statement or any such evidence as is given in pursuance

of this section by him or his witnesses.

13.—(1) Where any person charged before examining Binding

justices with an indictable offence is committed for trial

and it appears to the justices, after taking into account

anything which may he said with reference thereto by ^nd reLiint

the accused or the prosecutor, that the attendance at the of deposi- °

trial of any witness who has been examined before at trial,

them is unnecessary by reason of anything contained in

any statement by the accused, or of the accused having

pleaded guilty to the charge or of the evidence of the

witness being merely of a formal nature, the justices shall,

if the witness has not already been bound over, bind liim

over to attend the trial conditionally upon notice given to

him and not otherwise, or shall, if the witness has already

been hound over, direct that he shall be treated as having

been hound over to attend only conditionally as aforesaid,

and shall transmit to the court of trial a statement in

writing of the names, addresses and occupations of the

witnesses who are, or who are to he treated as having been

hound over to attend the trial conditionally.

(2) Where a witness has been, or is to he treated

as having been hound over conditionally to attend

the trial, the prosecutor or the person committed for

trial may give notice at any time before the opening

of the assizes or quarter sessions to the clerk to the

examining justices and at any time thereafter to the

clerk of assize or the clerk of the peace, as the case

may he, that he desires the witness to attend at the

1692

Ch. 86.

Crmiinal Justice

Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

trial, and any such clerk to whom any such notice

is given shall forthwith notify the witness that he is

required so to attend in pursuance of his recognizance.

The examining justices shall on committing the

accused for trial inform him of his right to require the

attendance at the trial of any such witness as aforesaid,

and of the steps which he must take for the purpose of

enforcing such attendance.

(3) Where any person has been committed for trial

for any of Fence, the deposition of any person taken before

the examining justices may, if the conditions hereinafter

set out are satisfied, without further proof be read as

evidence on the trial of that person, whether for that

offence or for any other of Fence arising out of the same

transaction, or set of circumstances, as that offence.

The conditions hereinbefore referred to are the

following; —

(a) The deposition must be the deposition either of a

witness whose attendance at the trial is stated to

be unnecessary in accordance with the provisions

of this section, or of a witness who is proved at

the trial by the oath of a credible witness to be

dead or insane, or so ill as not to be able to travel,

or to be kept out of the way by means of the

procurement of the accused or on his behalf:

(h) It must be proved at the trial, either by a certificate purporting to be signed by the justice before

whom the deposition purports to have been taken

or by the clerk to the examining justices, or by

the oath of a credible witness, that the deposition

was taken in the presence of the accused and

that the accused or his counsel or soheitor had

full opportunity of cross-examining the witness:

(<?) The deposition must purport to be signed by the

justice before whom it purports to have been

taken:

Provided that the provisions of this subsection shall

not have effect in any case in which it is proved—

(i) That the deposition, or, where the proof required

by paragraph (6) of this subsection is given by

means of a certificate, that the certificate, was

not in fact signed by the justice by whom it

purports to have been signed; or

1925.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925. Ch. 86.

1093

(ii) Where the deposition is the deposition of a

witness whose attendance at the trial is stated

to be unnecessary as aforesaid, that the witness

has been duly notified that he is required to

attend the trial.

(1) A witness whose attendance at the trial is stated

to be unnecessary in accordance with the provisions of this section shall not be required to attend before the

grand jury, and his deposition may be read as evidence

before the grand jury.

(5) Any documents or articles produced in evidence

before the examining justices by any witness whose

attendance at the trial is stated to be unnecessary in

accordance with the provisions of this section and marked

as exhibits shall, subject to the provisions of section five

of the Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879 (which relates to 42 & 43 Vict,

delivery of documents to the Director of Public Prosecu- c. 22.

tions), and unless in any particular case the justices

otherwise order, be retained by the justices and forwarded

with the depositions to the court of trial.

14 . —(1) The justices before whom any person is Power of

charged with an indictable offence, may, instead of com- jwstices to

mitting him to be tried at the assizes or quarter sessions andf court

for a place to which but for this section he might have to direct

been committed, commit him to be tried at the assizes for re-trial at,

some other place or (if the offence is within the jurisdiction convenient

of a court of quarter sessions) at the quarter sessions for

some other place if it appears to them, having regard sessions,

to the time when and the place w'here the last-mentioned

assizes or quarter sessions are to be held, to be more

convenient to commit the accused person to those assizes

or quarter sessions with a view either to expediting his

trial or saving expense:

Provided that the power given by this subsection

shall not be exercised—

(a) rmless the examining justices are satisfied at the

date of the committal that the next assizes

or quarter sessions to which but for this section

he might have been committed will not be held

within one month from that date; or

(b) in any case in which the accused satisfies the

examining justices that he would, if the power

were exercised, suffer hardship.

1694 Ch. 86. Criminal Justice 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(2) Where for any reason whatsoever the trial of

a person who has been committed to be tried for an

indictable offence before a court of assize or quarter

sessions for any place is either not proceeded with or not

brought to a final conclusion before that court, it shall

he lawful for that court, if in its discretion it thinks it

convenient so to do with a view either to expediting the

trial or re-trial or the saving of expense or otherwise and

is satisfied that the accused will not thereby suffer

hardship, to direct that the trial or re-trial of the accused

shall take place before a court of assize, or (if the offence

is within the jurisdiction of a court of quarter sessions)

before a court of quarter sessions, for some other

place.

(3) His Majesty may from time to time by Order in

Council make such provisions as to the jurisdiction of the court of trial and the attendance, jurisdiction, authority

and duty of sheriffs, coroners, justices, gaolers, officers,

jurors and persons, the use of any prison, the removal of

prisoners, the alteration of any commissions, writs, precepts,

indictments, recognizances, proceedings and documents,

the transmission of recognizances, inquisitions, depositions

(including exhibits thereto), and documents, and the

expenses of maintaining and removing prisoners, as seem

necessary or expedient for the purposes of the foregoing

provisions of this section.

(4) Where a person is to be tried or re-tried by any

court by which he could not have been tried but

for the foregoing provisions of this section, any costs

8 Edw. 7. payable in the case under the Costs in Criminal Cases

c. If). Act, 1908, shall in the first instance be paid in the same

manner as if the offence had been committed in the

county or borough in which the offender is tried, but

shall be recoverable by the treasurer of that county or

borough from the treasurer of the county or borough in

which the offence was committed.

(5) Where any person who is to be committed for

trial before any court of quarter sessions for any county or

borough is to be admitted to bail, the examining justices

may, if the next quarter sessions for that county or

borough are to he held within five days of the date of

committal, commit the accused person to the next quarter

sessions but one:

1925. Criminal Justice Ch 86

Act, 1925.

Provided that the power given by this subsection

shall not he exercised unless the next quarter sessions

hut one are due to he held within eight weeks of the

date of committal.

15. Where in the course of a criminal trial any

member of the jury dies or is discharged by the court as

being through illness incapable of continuing to act or

for any other reason, the jury shall nevertheless, subject

to assent being given in writing by or on behalf of both

the prosecutor and the accused and so long as the number

of its members is not reduced below ten, he considered as

remaining for all the purposes of that trial properly

constituted, and the trial shall proceed and a verdict may

he given accordingly.

16. -(1) An application to the Attorney-General

under subsection (6) of section one of the Criminal

Appeal Act, 1907, for a certificate authorising an appeal

to the House of Lords from the decision of the Court of

Criminal Appeal, shall he made within a period of seven

days from the date when the decision of the court was

given.

(2) Where the Court of Criminal Appeal has allowed

an appeal against conviction and the prosecutor gives

notice to the court immediately after the decision of the

court has been given on the appeal that he intends to

apply to the Attorney-General for such a certificate as

aforesaid, the court may make an order providing for the

detention of the defendant, or directing that the defendant

shall not be released except on bail, until either the

Attorney-General has refused to grant the certificate or a

decision on the appeal has been given by the House of

Lords, as the case may be.

(3) The power to make rules of court conferred by

section eighteen of the Criminal Appeal Act, 1907, shall

include power to make rules for the purpose of carrying

this section into effect.

17. The Lord Chancellor may, subject to the express

provisions of this and of any other Act, make rules for

regulating the practice and procedure of examining

justices on or in relation to proceedings for indictable

offences, and with respect to the forms to he used in

connection with any such proceedings, and generally for

carrying into effect the enactments relating to such

1695

Provision for

continuance

of criminal

trial where

a juror dies

or becomes

incapable.

Amendments

of Criminal

Appeal Act,

1907.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 23.

Rules with

respect to

procedure of

examining

justices.

109G

Ch. 86.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Extension of

criminal

jurisdiction

of quarter

sessions.

Power to

dispense

with grand

jury at

quarter sessions where

all persons

committed

have

pleaded

guilty.

10 & 11 Geo.

5. c. 81.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 41.

proceedings, and provision may be made by such rules for

revoking or amending any forms which are directed or

authorised by any statute to be used in connection with

any such proceedings, and for substituting new forms for

any of such forms.

Quarter Sessions.

18 . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any

Act, a com-t of quarter sessions shall, in addition to such

jurisdiction with respect to the trial of offences as is

vested in courts of quarter sessions at the commencement

of this Act, have jurisdiction to try a person charged with

any of the offences specified in the Pirst Schedule to this Act.

19.—(1) If by the fifth day preceding the day

appointed for hol^g any quarter sessions no persons

have been committed for trial at the sessions except

persons in respect of whom a certificate has been

transmitted in pursuance of section four of the Administration of Justice Act, 1920, stating that they have

pleaded guilty or admitted the truth of the charge,

there shall be deemed to be no business requiring

the attendance of grand jmors at that sessions, and the

provisions of the Assizes and Quarter Sessions Act, 1908,

shall apply accordingly.

(2) In any case to which this section applies an

indictment against any person for the offence in respect

of which he was committed for trial may be presented

to the court without having been found by a grand jury,

and, where an indictment is so presented, it shall be

proceeded with in the same manner as it would have

been proceeded with before the commencement of this Act, and all enactments and rules of law relating to

procedure in connection with indictable offences shall

have effect accordingly.

(3) An indictment against any person presented to

a coiut of quarter sessions in pursuance of this section

may contain, in addition to the counts for the offences

specified in the caption of the depositions, any further

counts founded on facts or evidence disclosed in any

examination or deposition taken before a justice in the

presence of the accused.

1925.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925. Ch. 86.

1697

A court of quarter sessions may in any case direct

any such further counts as aforesaid to be added to any

indictment presented to the court.

(4) Rules may be made under the Indictments 5&6 Geo.5.

Act, 1915, for carrying this section into effect, and in c. 90.

particular for modifying, so far as is necessary for the

purpose of this section, any enactment, including any

statutory form, and for applying with the necessary

modifications the provisions of section three of the

Indictable Offences Act, 1848, relating to certificates of 11 & 12 Vict,

an indictment having been found. o- 42.

20 . —(1) After the determination by a court of quarter Court of

sessions of any appeal against a conviction by a court quarter

of summary jurisdiction or the sentence imposed on such "u

a conviction, either party to the proceedings may, if stA^e^caseon

dis-satisfied with the determination of the court of quarter point of law.

sessions as being erroneous in point of law, make an

application in writing to the court of quarter sessions at

any time within seven days after the date of the determination of the appeal to have a case stated for the

opinion of the High Court on the point of law.

Any such application may be made by delivering it

to the clerk of the peace, and for the purpose of the

making of any such application, the court of quarter

sessions shall, if and so far as necessary, be deemed to

have been adjourned until the next subsequent sitting of the court.

(2) The applicant shall, before the case is stated and

delivered to him by the court of quarter sessions, enter

before a justice having jurisdiction in the county or place

for which the court of quarter sessions acts into a

recognizance, with or without sureties and in such sum

as the justice considers proper, having regard to the

means of the applicant, conditioned to prosecute the

appeal without delay and to submit to the judgment of the High Court, and pay such costs as may be awarded

by that court, and the applicant shall before the case is

delivered to him pay to the clerk of the peace his fees

for and in respect of the case, and to the clerk to the

justices his fee for and in respect of the recognizances.

(3) If a court of quarter sessions is of opinion that

an application under this section is frivolous, it may

6P

169f8

Power to

enter appeal

for adjourned

or intermediate

sessions.

42 & 43 Vict,

c. 49.

Times for

holding

county

quarter

sessions.

11 Geo. 4. &

1 Will. 4.

c. 70.

Ch. 86. Criminal Justice 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

refuse to state a case, and where the court does so it shall,

if the applicant so requires, cause the clerk of the peace

to deliver to him a certificate of the refusal, and the

reasons for the refusal shall he stated in the certificate;

Provided that the court shall not refuse to state a

case where the application is made by or on behalf of the

Attorney-General.

(4) Where a court of quarter sessions refuses to state

a case, the applicant may apply to the High Court

for a rule calling on the court of quarter sessions and

the other party to the proceedings to show cause why

a‘ case should not be stated, and the High Court may

make such order on the application as the High Court

thinks fit.

21. An appeal under section thirty-one of the

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879 (which regulates the

procedure on appeals from courts of summary jurisdiction),

may be entered for hearing at a court of quarter sessions

held by adjournment (unless it is a court held by adjournment for some particular area only which does not comprise

the area in respect of which jurisdiction is exercised by

the court from which the appeal is brought), or at an

intermediate court of general sessions, and the expression

" the next practicable court of general or quarter

sessions" in paragraph (1) of that section shall be

construed accordingly.

22 . —(1) General quarter sessions of the peace for

any county shall, instead of being held at the times prescribed by section thirty-five of the Law Terms Act, 1830,

be held at such times within the period of twenty-one

days immediately preceding or immediately following the

twenty-fifth day of March, the twenty-fourth day of June,

the twenty-ninth day of September and the twenty-fifth

day of December in every year as the court of quarter

sessions for the county or the justices of the county

assembled at a special meeting (which special meeting

they are hereby authorised to hold) may from time to

time fix.

(2) In this section the expression "county " includes

a riding, division or part of a county for which a separate

1925.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925.

Ch, 86.

1699

court of quarter sessions is held, but does not include the

County of London or a county of a city or a county of a

town.

23 . —(1) The justices of the peace for the county of

Hertford shall in every year hold, alternately within the

Hertford division and within the Liberty of St. Alban

division of the said county, courts of general or quarter

sessions of the peace for the whole county of Hertford:

(a) An Epiphany session wdthin the Hertford division

within the period of twenty-one days immediately preceding or immediately following the

twenty-fifth day of December;

(b) An Easter session within the Liberty of St. Alban

division within the period of twenty-one days

immediately preceding or immediately following

the twenty-fifth day of March;

(c) A Midsummer session wdthin the Hertford division within the period of twenty-one days

immediately preceding or immediately following

the twenty-fourth day of June;

(d) A Michaelmas session within the Liberty of

St. Alban division within the period of twenty-

one days immediately preceding or immediately

following the twenty-ninth day of September.

(2) The said justices shall, on each occasion after

holding in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this

section a session in one of the said divisions of the county,

hold a session by adjournment in the other of the said

divisions, and may at any time, whether before or after

the adjourned sessions to be held under this subsection,

hold such other sessions by adjournment in either of the

said divisions as they may consider necessary for the

purpose of disposing of any business requiring to be

disposed of.

(3) Every court held under this section shall be a

court of quarter sessions for the whole county of Hertford,

and shall have power to hear, determine, and dispose of

all business accordingly, including any business pending

in either of . the two divisions of the said county at the

commencement of this Act.

5 P 2

Ameuilment

of Coautj of

Hertford

Acts. 1874

and 1878.

37 & 38 Vict,

c. 45;

41 & 42 Vict,

c. 50.

1700

Summary

trial of

indictable

offences.

Ch, 86. Criminal Justice 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(4) The justices in the Hertford division assembled

shall from time to time at sessions held under this section

in that division elect persons to act as chairman and

deputy chairman of the court of quarter sessions of the

county of Hertford when the court is sitting within the

Hertford division, and the justices in the Liberty of St.

Alban division assembled shall from time to time at sessions

held under this section in that division elect persons to

act as chairman and deputy chairman of the said court

when the court is sitting within the Liberty of St. Alban

division.

(5) Section five of the County of Hertford Act, 1878,

shall have effect as though for the references to the

Hertford division quarter sessions and the St. Alban

division quarter sessions there were respectively substituted references to the sessions for the county of

Hertford held under this Act within the Hertford division

and the sessions for the said county so held within the

Liberty of St. Alban division.

Summary Jurisdiction.

24 . —(1) Where a person who is an adult is charged

before a court of summary jurisdiction with an indictable

offence, being one of the offences specified in the Second

Schedule to this Act, the court, if it thinks it expedient

so to do, having regard to any representation made in

presence of the accused by or on behalf of the prosecutor,

the character and antecedents of the accused, the nature

of the offence, the absence of circumstances which would

render the offence one of a grave or serious character and

all the other circumstances of the case (including the

adequacy of the pimishment which a court of summary

jurisdiction has power to inflict), and if the accused, when

informed by the court of his right to be tried by a jury,

consents to be dealt with summarily, may, subject to the

provisions of this section, deal summarily with the offence,

and, if the accused pleads guilty to, or is foimd guilty of, the

offence charged, may sentence him to be imprisoned for any

term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding

one hundred pounds or to both such imprisonment and fine:

Provided that—

(a) where a case affects the property or affairs of

His Majesty or of a public body as defined by

1925.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925. Ch. 86.

1701

section seven of the Public Bodies Corrupt 52&.53Viet.

Practices Act, 1889, as amended by any other c. 6<).

Act, the court shall not deal with the case

summarily without the consent of the prosecutor; and

(b) where the prosecution is being carried on

by the Director of Public Prosecutions, the

court shall not deal with the case summarily

without the consent of the Director; and

(c) where a person pleads guilty to, or is found

guilty of, any of Pence of inciting to commit a

summary offence, he shall not be liable to any

greater penalty than that to which he would

have been liable if he had been found guilty

of committing that summary offence.

(2) If a court of summary jurisdiction at any time

during the hearing of a charge for such an indictable

offence as aforesaid against a person who is an adult

becomes satisfied that it is expedient to deal with the case

summarily, the court shall thereupon, for the purpose

of proceedings under this section, cause the charge to be

reduced into writing and read to the accused and shall

then address to him a question to the following effect,

" Do you desire to be tried by a jury, or do you consent

" to the case being dealt with summarily ? " with a

statement, if the court thinks such a statement desirable

for his information, of the meaning of the case being

dealt with summarily, and of the assizes or quarter

sessions, as the case may be, at which he will be tried,

if tried by a jury, and if the accused consents to be dealt

with summarily, shall forthwith ask him the following

question, " Do you plead guilty or not guilty ? "

(3) Any enactments in force at the commencement

of this Act which relate to the summary trial of indictable

offences or which refer to indictable offences which are

triable summarily shall, subject to the provisions of this

section, be construed, as the case may be, as applying to the summary trial of indictable offences under this section

or as referring to all indictable offences which are triable ,

summarily thereunder.

(4) In this section the expression "adult" means a

person who is, in the opinion of the court before which he

is charged, of the age of sixteen years or upwards.

1702

BigUt of appeal

against sentence imposed

by court of

summary

jurisdiction.

Enforcement

of recognizances to

1)6 of good

beliavionr.

42 & 43 Vict.

c. 49.

ConsGcntive

sentences

of imprisonment.

Ch. 80. Criminal Justice 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

25 . A person who after pleading guilty or admitting

the truth of the information is convicted of any offence

by a court of summary jui'isdiction shall have a right

to appeal in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts to a court of quarter sessions against his

sentence.

26 . —(1) Subsection (2) of section nine of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879 (which relates to the enforcing

by courts of summary jurisdiction of recognizances to

keep the peace or to be of good behaviour), shall have effect

as though there were inserted therein after the words "a

" breach of the condition of the same " the words "or in

" the case of a recognizance conditioned to be of good

" behaviour, upon proof that the person bound as

" principal has since the date of the recognizance been

" guilty of conduct which is a breach of the condition."

(2) Where a surety to a recognizance to keep the

peace or to be of good behaviour has reason to suspect

that the person bound as principal has been or is about

to be guilty of conduct which was or would be a breach

of, the conditions of the recognizance, he may lay an

information before any justice of the peace having

jurisdiction either in the place in which the said person

is or is believed by the informant to be or in the place

where the court by which the recognizance was ordered to

he entered into was held, and that justice may thereupon,

if in his discretion he thinks fit, issue a warrant or

summons against the said person.

The court before which the said person is brought

under any such warrant or before which he appears in

answer to any such summons may, as it thinks M, either

order him to enter into a fresh recognizance, with or without

sureties, or deal with him in the same manner as if he

were a person who had failed to comply with an order to

enter into a recognizance and find sureties to keep the peace

or to be of good behaviour, and shall in either case order that

the first mentioned recognizance shall be discharged.

27 . Where a person has been sentenced by a court

of summary jurisdiction to imprisonment in default of

payment of a fine, the court may, notwithstanding anything in any enactment, order that the sentence shall

begin at the expiration of any term of imprisonment

imposed for that offence on that person in addition to the

fine.

1925.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925. Ch. -86.

1703

28 . —(1) Section three of the Perjury Act, 1911

(which relates to false statements as to marriages) shall

have effect as though at the end of subsection (1) thereof

there were inserted the words "and on summary convic-

" tion thereof shall he liable to a penalty not exceeding

" fifty pounds."

(2) A person convicted summarily of an offence

under section four of the Perjury Act, 1911 (which

relates to false statements as to births or deaths), shall

be liable to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3) Summary proceedings for an offence under the

said section three or under the said section four may,

notwithstanding any provision of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, be instituted at any time within twelve

months after the commission of the offence.

Summary

proceedings

for offence

under s. 3,

and amendments of

ss. 3 and 4, of

Perjury Act,

1911.

1 dc 2 Geo. 5,

c. 6.

29 . Where a warrant of distress is issued under Application of

section six hundred and ninety-three of the Merchant n^&i 2 Vict.

Shipping Act, 1891, for the purpose of levying any c. 43. where

amount ordered to be paid on the conviction of the master warmS; issued

of a ship, section twenty of the Summary Jurisdiction 'm^ier s. 693 of

Act, 1818 (which authorises the detention of a defendant

pending the return to a warrant of distress), shall apply & 12 Vict.

as though the distress were to be levied on’ the goods of ’

the defendant.

30 . Notwithstanding anything in section six hundred Summary

and eighty of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1891 (which proceedings

relates to the prosecution of offences under the Merchant

Shipping Acts), any offence whatsoever under section ten 7

of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1906 (which relates to c. 48.

the carrying of wood goods as deck cargo), may be

prosecuted summarily.

Issue of Process by Justices.

31 . —(1) "Where it appears to any justice necessary or

expedient, with a view to the better administration of

justice, that any person charged with any indictable

offence, or with a summary offence, should be tried jointly

with or in the same place as some other person who is

charged with an indictable offence or a summary offence,

as the case may be, and who is in custody or is being or is

Provisions

as to issue

of process

by justices

in case ctf

persons

outside

jurisdiction.

1704

Ch. 86.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

to be proceeded against within the jurisdiction of that

justice, he may, notwithstanding that the person so

charged is not within that jurisdiction, issue a summons

Or a warrant against him.

Where a person charged with a summary offence or

an offence which may he dealt with summarily is brought

to any place under a warrant issued under this subsection,

or appears in any place in answer to a summons so issued,

a court of summary jurisdiction having jurisdiction in

that place shall have the same power to hear and dispose

of the charge as the court would have had if the offence

had been committed within the jurisdiction of the court.

(2) Where an offence punishable on summary conviction has been committed, or is suspected of having been

committed, by any person who is residing or being, or is

believed to reside or be, within the jurisdiction of any

justice, that justice shall have power to issue a warrant

of any description in the case in the same manner as if

the offence h^ been committed within his jurisdiction:

Provided that every warrant so issued for the arrest

of any person shall direct that the offender shall when

apprehended be taken before a court of summary

jurisdiction having jurisdiction to deal with the case.

(3) Any warrant lawfully issued by a justice for

compelling the appearance of any person or for apprehending any person charged with an offence, whether

punishable on summary conviction or on indictment, and

any warrant of commitment, search-warrant or warrant

of distress, lawfully issued by a justice, may be executed

in any county or place in England or Wales outside

the jurisdiction of the justice by whom it was issued

in the same manner as if it had been originally issued

by a justice having jurisdiction in that county or

place, and the execution may be effected either by any

person to whom the warrant was originally directed or by

any constable of that county or place, and in the case of

a warrant of commitment the person apprehended may

be conveyed either to the prison mentioned in the warrant

or to any other prison.

(4) The power of a justice under section sixteen of the Indictable Offences Act, 1848, and under section seven

1925.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925. Ch. 86.

1705

of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848, to issue process

for the purpose of obtaining the attendance as a witness

of any person within the jurisdiction of the justice, and

under section twenty-nine of the Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914, to summon and require any such

person to attend as a witness and to produce such books,

plans, papers, documents, articles, goods and things as are

mentioned in the said section, shall he extended so as to

authorise the issue of such process in the case of a person

who though not within the jurisdiction of the justice is in

any county or place in England or Wales.

Miscellaneous.

32. —(1) Every information, complaint, summons,

warrant or other document laid, issued or made for the

purpose of or in connection with any proceedings before

examining justices or a court of summary jurisdiction for

an offence, shall be sufficient if it contains a statement of the specific offence with which the accused person is

charged, together with such particulars as may be necessary

for giving reasonable information as to the nature of the

charge,

(2) The statement of the offence shall describe the

offence shortly in ordinary language, avoiding as far

as possible the use of technical terms, and without

necessarily stating all the essential elements of the

offence, and, if the offence charged is one created by

statute, shall contain a reference to the section of the

statute creating the offence.

(3) After the statement of the offence, necessary

particulars of the offence shall be set out in ordinary

language, in which the use of technical terms shall not be

required.

(4) Any information, complaint, summons, warrant

or other document to which this section applies which is

in such form as would have been sufficient in law if this Act had not passed shall notwithstanding anything in this

section continue to be sufficient in law.

33. —(1) Where a corporation is charged, whether

alone or jointly with some other person, with an indictable

offence, the examining justices may, if they are of

]1 & 12 Vict 12 Vict,

c. 43.

4&0 Geo. 5.

c. 58.

Form of

documents

in criminal

proceedings

before

justices.

Procedure on

charge of

offence

1706

Ch. 86.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

against corporation.

opinion that the evidence offered on the part of the

prosecution is sufficient to put the accused corporation

upon trial, make an order empowering the prosecutor to

present to the grand jury at assizes or quarter sessions,

as the case may be, a bill in respect of the offence

named in the order, and for the purpose of any enactments

referring to committal for trial (including this Act) any

such order shall he deemed to be a committal for trial:

Provided that—

(a) Where the offence is an offence which in the

case of an adult may he dealt with summarily

and the corporation does not appear before

the examining justices by a representative or,

if it does so appear, consents that the offence

should he so dealt with, the justices may deal

with the offence summarily; and

(b) If the corporation appears before the examining

justices by a representative, any answers to the questions to be put under the section of this Act which re-enacts with modifications

the provisions of section eighteen of the Indictable Offences Act, 1848, may be made on behalf

of the corporation by that representative, hut

if the corpoi^ation does not so appear it shall

not he necessary to put the questions, and the

examining justices may, notwithstanding, make

an order under this subsection.

(2) Where any person is charged jointly with a

corporation with any offence and either that person or

the corporation by its representative does not consent

that the offence (being an indictable offence) should

be dealt with summarily, or either that person or the

corporation claims (if the offence is a summary offence) to

he tried by a jury, the examining justices or the court

of summary jurisdiction, as the case may he, shall not

have power to deal summarily with the offence in the

case of the other offender.

(3) Where the grand jury at any assizes or quarter

sessions return a true bill against a corporation in respect

of any offence, the corporation may, on arraignment

before the court of assize or the court of quarter

1925.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925. Ch. 86.

1707

sessions, as the case may he, enter in writing by its

representative a plea of guilty or not guilty, and if

either the corporation does not appear by a representative

or, though it does so appear, fails to enter as aforesaid

any plea, the court shall order a plea of not guilty to he

entered and the trial shall proceed as though the corporation had duly entered a plea of not guilty.

(4) Provision may he made by rules under the

Indictments Act, 1915, with respect to the service on any 5 & 6 Geo. 5.

corporation charged with an indictable offence of any 90-

documents requiring to he served in connection with the

proceedings, except in so far as such provision may be

made by rules to be made under the section of this Act

giving power to make rules with respect to the procedure

of examining justices.

(5) Where a corporation is charged with an offence

in the case of which an individual is entitled under

section seventeen of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879,

to claim to he tried by a jury, a claim to he so tried may

he made on behalf of the corporation by its representative,

and the said section seventeen shall apply accordingly,

and where the corporation does not appear by a representative or no such claim is made on behalf of the

corporation the court may, subject to the provisions of this section, deal with the case summarily as if the offence

were an offence to which the said section did not apply.

(6) In this section the expression "representative "

in relation to a corporation means a person duly appointed

by the corporation to represent it for the purpose of doing

any act or thing which the representative of a corporation is by this section authorised to do, hut a person so

appointed shall not, by virtue only of being so appointed,

he qualified to act on behalf of the corporation before

any court for any other purpose.

A representative for the purposes of this section need

not he appointed under the seal of the corporation, and

a statement in writing purporting to he signed by a

managing director of the corporation, or by any person

(by whatever name called) having, or being one of the

persons having, the management of the affairs of the

corporation, to the effect that the person named in the

statement has been appointed as the representative of the corporation for the purposes of this section shall he

1708

Fiats and

consents of

Attorney-

General,

&c., to be

admissible

in evidence.

Amendment

of ss. 1

and 18

of Forgery

Act, 1913.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 27.

Forgery of

passport.

Unlawful

possession

of pension

documents.

Ch. 86. Criminal Justice 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

admissible without further proof as prima facie evidence

that that person has been so appointed.

34. Any document purporting to be the fiat, order

or consent of the Attorney-General, the Solicitor-General,

the Director of Public Prosecutions, the Postmaster-

General or the Board of Control respectively, for or to the

institution of any criminal proceedings or the institution

of criminal proceedings in any particular form, and to be

signed by the Attorney-General, the Solicitor-General, the

Director of Public Prosecutions or an Assistant Director

of Public Prosecutions, the Postmaster-General or a Commissioner or the Secretary of the Board of Control, as the

case may be, shall be admissible as prima facie evidence

without further proof.

Part III.

Amendments as to Offences.

35 . —(1) For the purpose of removing doubts, it is

hereby declared that a document may be a false document for the purposes of the Forgery Act, 1913, notwithstanding that it is not false in any such manner as is

described in subsection (2) of section one of that Act.

(2) The Forgery Act, 1913, shall have effect as though

in the definition of "valuable security " in section eighteen

thereof there were inserted after the words "security for

the payment of money" the words "or any authority or

" request for the payment of money or for the delivery or

" transfer of goods or chattels."

36 . —(1) The forgery of any passport, or the making

by any person of a statement which is to his knowledge

untrue for the purpose of procuring a passport, whether

for himself or any other person, shall be a misdemeanour

punishable with imprisonment not exceeding two years or

a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or both such

imprisonment and fine.

(2) In this section the expression "forgery " has the

same meaning as in the Forgery Act, 1913.

37. —(1) If any person receives, detains or has in

his possession any document to which this section applies

as a pledge or a security for a debt or with a view to

obtaining payment from the person entitled thereto of a

1925.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925. Ch. 86.

1709

debt due either to himself or to any other person, he

shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds, or to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding six months, or to both such fine and

imprisonment.

(2) This section applies to certificates or official

documents evidencing or issued in connection with the

right of persons to pensions or allowances payable out

of any grant which may be made out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United iUngdom in pursuance of any Act

for civil non-effective services.

38 . —(1) If any person makes, or causes to be made, imitation,

or uses for any purpose whatsoever, or utters, any docu-

ment purporting to be, or in any way resembling, or so ban^k 'noteT

nearly resembling as to be calculated to deceive, any

currency or bank note, or any part thereof, he shall be

guilty of an offence against this section and shall be liable

on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds,

and it shall be lawful for the court dealing with the

case to order the document in respect of which the

offence was committed, and any copies of that document,

or any plates, blocks, dies or other instruments used for,

or capable of being used for, printing or reproducing any

such document which are in the possession of the offender

to be destroyed.

(2) If any person whose name appears on any document the making of which is an offence under this

section refuses, without lawful excuse, to disclose to a

police officer on being so required the name and address

of the person by whom it was printed or otherwise made,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding ten pounds.

(3) Where the name of any person appears on any

document in respect of which any person is charged

with an offence under subsection (1) of this section, or

on any other document used or distributed in connection

with that document, it shall be prima facie evidence that

that person caused the document to be made.

(4) In this section the expression "currency note "

means a currency note issued under the Currency and

Bank Notes Act, 1914, and includes any note of a similar

character, by whatever name called, issued by or on

behalf of the government of any foreign state or any

1710

Amendment

of ss. 42

and 43 of

Offences

against the

Person Act,

1861.

24 & 25 Vict,

c. 100.

l.’enalty for

drunkenness

while in

charge of

motor car.

3 Edw. 7.

c. 36.

Ch. 86. Criminal Justice 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

part of His Majesty’s Dominions outside the United

Kingdom, and the expression "bank note " has the same

meaning as in the Forgery Act, 1913.

39. —(1) Where a person has been convicted by a

court of summary jurisdiction of an of Pence under section

forty-two of the Offences against the Person Act, 1861

(which imposes a penalty on persons committing any

common assault or battery) he shall instead of being liable

to a fine not exceeding, together wdth costs, the sum of

five pounds, he liable to a fine not exceeding five

pounds in addition to any costs which the court may

order him to pay.

(2) The fine to which a person shall be liable on

conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction for an

of Pence under section forty-three of the Offences against

the Person Act, 1861 (which imposes a penalty on persons

committing an aggravated assault), shall, instead of being

a fine not exceeding together with costs the sum of

twenty pounds, be a fine not exceeding the sum of fifty

pounds, and the offender shall in addition be liable to pay

any costs w^hich the court may order him to pay.

(3) A court of summary jurisdiction by which any

person is convicted of an offence under either of the

enactments mentioned in this section may, in addition to

imposing any penalty, order the offender to enter into a

recognizance, with or without sureties, to keep the peace or

to be of good behaviour for a period not exceeding twelve

months.

40. —(1) Any person who is drunk while in charge on

any highway or other public place of any mechanically-

propelled vehicle shall, on summary conviction, be liable

in respect of each offence to imprisonment for a period

not exceeding four months or to a fine not exceeding

fifty pounds, or to both such imprisonment and fine.

(2) A person convicted under the preceding subsection shall (without prejudice to the power of the court

under section four of the Motor Car Act, 1903, to order a

longer period of disqualification) be disqualified for

holding a licence for a period of twelve months from the

date of the conviction, and any licence held by him

shall, so long as the disqualification continues, be of no

effect.

1925.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925. Ch. 86.

1711

The court shall cause particulars of any such conviction and of the resulting disqualification to be

endorsed upon any hcence held by the person convicted,

and shall send notice of the conviction to the council by

whom the licence was granted.

(3) If a person who under this section is disqualified

for holding a licence apphes for or obtains a licence

while he is so disqualified, he shall be guilty of an offence

under the Motor Car Act, 1903, and any hcence so

obtained shah be of no effect.

(4) A person who by virtue of a conviction under

this section is disquafified for holding a hcence, or who,

by virtue of an order made under section four of the

Motor Car Act, 1903, on his being convicted of an offence,

is disqualified for obtaining a hcence or whose hcence is

suspended may, at any time after the expiration of three

months from the date of the conviction, apply from time

to time to the court before which he was convicted to

remove the disquahfication or suspension, and on any

such application the court may by order, as it thinks

proper, having regard to the character of the person

convicted and his conduct subsequent to conviction, the

nature of the offence, and the other circumstances of the

case, either remove the disquahfication or suspension as

from such date as may be specified in the order or refuse

the application, and, if the court order a disquahfication

or suspension to be removed, the court shall cause

particulars of the order to be endorsed on the hcence, if

any, held by the applicant.

(5) In this section the expression "hcence " means

a hcence granted under section three of the Motor Car

Act, 1903.

41 .—(1)No person shall—

(a) take or attempt to take in any court any photograph, or with a view to publication make or

attempt to make in any court any portrait or

sketch, of any person, being a judge of the

court or a juror or a witness in or a party to

any proceedings before the court, whether civil

or criminal; or

(h) publish any photograph, portrait or sketch taken

or made in contravention of the foregoing provisions of this section or any reproduction

thereof;

Prohibition

on taking

photographs,

&c., in court.

1713

Aineiidinoiit

of s. 4 of

Yaiiraucy

Act, 1824.

5 Geo. 4.

c. 83.

Auieiulment

of s. 15 of

Theatres

Act, 1843.

6 & 7 Vict,

c. 68.

Power of

arrest under

warrant.

Ch. 86. Criminal Justice 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

and if any person acts in contravention of this section he

shall, on summary conviction, be liable in respect of each

offence to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(2) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the expression "court" means any court of

justice, including the court of a coroner;

(b) the expression judge " includes recorder,

registrar, magistrate, justice and coroner:

(<?) a photograph, portrait or sketch shall be

deemed to he a photograph, portrait or sketch

taken or made in court if it is taken or made

in the court-room or in the building or in the

precincts of the building in which the court is

held, or if it is a photograph, portrait or sketch

taken or made of the person while he is

entering or leaving the court-room or any such

building or precincts as aforesaid.

42, The words "in any street, road, or public high-

" way, or in the view thereof, or in any place of public

" resort, " in section four of the Vagrancy Act, 1824, are

hereby repealed,

43. So much of section fifteen of the Theatres

Act, 1843 (which enacts a penalty for acting plays before

they have been allowed or after they have been disallowed by the Lord Chamberlain) as provides that the

licence (if any) of a theatre in which an offence under

that section is committed shall become absolutely void

shall cease to have effect, but the court dealing with any

such case may, m their discretion, in addition to imposing

a pecuniary penalty under that section, order that the

licence, if any, of the theatre in which the offence was

committed shall become void or shall be suspended^for

any specified period.

Part IV.

Miscellaneous and General.

44. Any warrant lawfully issued by a justice for

apprehending any person charged with any offence may be

executed by any constable at any time notwithstanding

that the warrant is not in his possession at that time, but

1925,

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925. Ch. 86.

1713

the warrant shall, on the demand of the person apprehended, he shown to him as soon as practicable after his

n, rrest.

45. The section substituted, by section twenty-two

of the Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914, for

section thirty-eight of the Summary Jurisdiction Act,

1879, shall have effect as though the following subsection

were added thereto:

" (2) If, on a person being so taken into

custody as aforesaid, it appears to the superintendent, inspector or other officer aforesaid that

the enquiry into the case cannot be completed

forthwith, he may discharge the said person on

his entering into a recognizance, with or without

sureties for a reasonable amount, to appear at

such police station and at such time as is named

in the recognizance, unless he previously receives

notice in writing from the officer of police in

charge of that police station that his attendance

is not required, and any such recognizance may

be enforced as if it were a recognizance conditioned for the appearance of the said person

before the court of summary jurisdiction for the

place in which the police station named in the

recognizance is situate."

46. —(1) Section ten of the Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914 (which empowers a court of summary

jurisdiction in certain cases to commit an offender to prison

until the next quarter sessions, and empowers the court of

quarter sessions to sentence the offender to detention in a

Borstal institution) shall have effect as though for the

words " the next quarter sessions " there were substituted

the words "the next assizes or quarter sessions, whichever

appears to the court to be more convenient, " and as

though for the words "court of quarter sessions " wherever

they occur in that section there were substituted the

words "court of assize or court of quarter sessions, as

the case may be."

(2) Where any person is, under the law^.for the time

being in force, sentenced by any court in the Isle of Man

or the Channel Islands to detention in a Borstal institution,

he may, if the Secretary of State by order so directs, he

5 Q

Power to

release on

bail before

eharf'fe is

accepted.

Amendments

as to detention in

Borstal

institutions.

1714

Ch. 86.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 59.

Abolition of

presumption

of coercion

of married

woman by

husband.

Amendment

f Schedule I.

of Children

Act, 1908.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 67.

Short title,

interpretation, extent,

removed to and detained in a Borstal institution in England,

and if so detained shall, subject as hereinafter provided,

he liable to be dealt with in every respect in the same

manner as if he had been sentenced under the Prevention

of Crime Act, 1908, by a court in England to detention in

such an institution:

Provided that—

(a) if any person who by virtue of this section has

been removed from the Isle of Man or the

Channel Islands and is undergoing detention

in a Borstal institution is released on licence,

he may be placed under the supervision or

authority of a society or person in the Isle of

Man or the Channel Islands, as the case may

be; and

(b) where a licence granted to any such person

under the said Act is revoked, he may, if in

the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands, without warrant be apprehended therein and

removed therefrom to England for the purpose

of being taken to the institution, and where

any such licence is forfeited the provisions of

subsection (5) of section live of the said Act

shall apply as if references therein to a court

of summary jurisdiction included a reference

to any court exercising corresponding jurisdiction in the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands.

47 . Any presumption of law that an offence committed by a wife in the presence of her husband is

committed under the coercion of the husband is hereby

abolished, but on a charge against a wife for any offence

other than treason or murder it shall be a good defence to

prove that the offence was committed in the presence of,

and under the coercion of, the husband.

48 . For the purpose of removing doubts, it is hereby

declared that the expression "any other offence involving

" bodily injury to a child or young person" in the

First Schedule to the Children Act, 1908, includes the

following offences, that is to say, the murder or manslaughter of a child or young person and infanticide.

49 . —(1) This Act may be cited as the Criminal

.lustice Act, 1925.

1925.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925. Ch. 86.

1715

(2) In this Act, unless the context otherwise repeal

requires— con*-

mu tt •. J .1 mencemei

The expression examining justices means the

justices before whom a charge is made against any

person for an indictable offence, and references to

examining justices include a reference to a single

examining justice:

The expression "quarter sessions " includes quarter

sessions held by adjournment and intermediate

general sessions.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern

Ireland, and references therein to warrants issued shall not

he construed as including warrants issued elsewhere than

in England or Wales.

(4) The enactments set out in the Third Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified

in the third column of that Schedule.

(5) This Act, except Part I. thereof, shall come into

operation on the first day of June, nineteen hundred and

twenty-six, and Part I. of this Act shall come into operation on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and

twenty-six.

SCHEDULES.

EIEST SCHEDULE. Section is.

Offences triable at Quarter Sessions.

1. Offences under sections sixteen and seventeen of the 24 & 25 Vict.

Malicious Damage Act, 1861. ^>7.

2. Unlawful combinations and conspiracies to cheat and

defraud.

3. Offences under section thirteen of the Criminal Law 4S & 49 Vict.

Amendment Act, 1885, as amended by any other enactment, in c. 69.

respect of \vhich the accused claims to be tried with a jury.

4. Offences under sections fifty to fifty-six of the Post 8 Edw. 7.

Office Act, 1908. 48.

5. Offences under section five of the Perjury Act, 1911, in 1 & 2 Geo. 5.

relation to statements in statutory declarations.

5 Q 2

1716

Ch. 86.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

1st Sen.

— corU.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c 27.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

0. 50.

Section 24.

24 & 25 Vict,

o. 97.

24 & 25 Vict,

c. 99.

24 & 25 Vict,

e. 100.

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 110.

32 & 33 Vict,

e. 62.

38 & 39 Vict,

e. 24.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 38.

6. Offences under paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of

section two of the Forgery Act, 1913, in relation to any document being an authority or request for the payment of

money or for the delivery or transfer of goods and chattels

where the amount of the money or the value of the goods or

chattels does not exceed twenty pounds, and, under paragraph (a) of section seven of that Act, where the amount of the

money or the value of the property in respect of which the

offence is committed does not exceed twenty pounds, and

uttering any forged document the forgery of which is an

offence triable at quarter sessions.

7. Offences under the following provisions of the Larceny

Act, 1916, that is to say, section twelve, section eighteen,

paragraph (iv) of subsection (1) of section twenty, section

twenty-four and subsection (2) of section thirty-three.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Indictable Offences by Adults which may be

DEALT WITH SUMMARILY.

1. Offences under sections sixteen, twenty, twenty-one and

fifty-one of the Malicious Damage Act, 1861, as amended by

any other enactment.

2. Misdemeanours under the Coinage Ofl’ences Act, 1861.

3. Offences under sections twenty and forty-seven of the

Offences against the Person Act, 1861.

4; Offences under section twenty of the Telegraph Act,

1868.

5. Offences under paragraph (1) of section thirteen of the

Debtors Act, 1869.

6. Offences under the Falsification of Accounts Act, 1875.

7. Offences under section thirteen of the Stamp Duties

Management Act, 1891.

8. Offences under sections fifty to fifty-six of the Post

Office Act, 1908.

9. Offences under section five of the Perjury Act, 1911,

in relation to statements in statutory declarations.

1925.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925. Ch. 86.

1717

10. Offences under paragraph (o) of subsection (2) of 2nd Scp.

section two of the Forgery Act, 1913, in relation to any

document being an authority or request for the payment of

money or for the delivery or transfer of goods and chattels,

where the amount of the money or the value of the goods

or chattels does not exceed twenty pounds, and, under

paragraph (a) of section seven of that Act, where the amount of the money or the value of the property in respect of which the

offence is committed does not exceed twenty pounds.

11. Offences under section twenty-seven of the Larceny Act, 24 & 26 Vict.

1861, or under the following provisions of the Larceny Act, 1916, «• 96.

viz. :—

Sections two, four, five, eight, nine, ’ ten and twelve,

paragraph (a) of section thirteen, section fourteen,

paragraphs (1) and (2) of section fifteen, section sixteen,

paragraphs (1) and (2) of section seventeen, section

eighteen, paragraph (1) of section thirty-two, subsections (1) and (2) of section thirty-three, and section

thirty-five so far as it applies to the aforesaid sections,

12. Offences under this Act in relation to passports.

13. Attempted suicide.

14. Publishing, exhibiting or selling any indecent or

obscene book, writing, picture or model, or any other indecent

or obscene article or thing whatsoever, whether similar to the

things before mentioned or not.

15. Committing an indecent assault upon a person, whether

male or female, who in the opinion of the court is under the age

of sixteen years.

16. Offences in relation to stamps issued for the purpose

of National Health Insurance or Unemployment Insurance under

the provisions of any enactments as applied to those stamps.

17. Aiding, abetting, counselling or procuring the commission of any indictable offence which may be dealt with

summarily, or attempting to commit any such offence.

18. Any offence consisting in the incitement to commit a

summary offence, and the offence of inciting to commit any

indictable offence which may be dealt with summarily.

1718-

Ch. 86,

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5,

Section^49. THIRD SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Rei)eal.

36 Edw. 3 -

A Statute made in the

Parliament holden at

Westminster in the

fifteenth of Saint

Michael in the thirtj’-

six^h year, Statute

the first.

Chapter twelve.

2 Hen, 5

Statute the first of the

second year of King

Henry the Fifth.

In chapter four the words from

" that is to say, in the first

" week " to the end.

54 Geo. 3,

c. 84.

The Quarter Sessions

Act, 1814.

The whole Act.

5 Geo. 4.

c. 83.

1

The Vagrancy Act, 1824

In section four the words "in

" any street, road, or public

" highway, or in the view

" thereof, or in any place of

" public resort."

11 Geo. 4 &

1 Will. 4.

c. 70.

The Law Terms Act,

1830.

Section thirty-five.

5 & 6 Vict,

c. 29.

The Pentonville Prison

Act, 1842.

lu section twenty-eight the

words from " either at " to the words "shall be taken."

5 & 6 Vict,

c. 38.

The Quarter Sessions

Act, 1842.

In section one, paragraph 9.

11 & 12 Vict,

c. 42.

TLe Indictable Offences

Act, 1848.

j

1

vSection eleven except so far as

applied by any other provision of the Act, or by any

other enactment; in section

sixteen the words "within the

jurisdiction of such justice ",

in section seventeen the

words from " and if upon the

trial " to the end of the

section, and section eighteen.

11 & 12 Vict. The Summary Jurisdic- In section seven the words

c. 43. tion Act, 1848. "within the jurisdiction of

' such justice."

1925 .

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925 .

Ch, 86.

1719

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

24 & 25 Vict,

c. 99.

The Coinage Offences

Act, 1861.

Section twenty-eight.

24 & 25 Vict,

c. 100.

The Offences against

the Person Act, 1861.

In section forty-three the words

from " and if the justices " to the end of the section, and in

section fifty-seven the wonls

" England or " where they

secondly occur.

30.& 31 Vict.

j, i c. 35.

37 .& 38 Vict,

c. 45.

The Criminal Law

Amendment Act, 1867.

The County of Hertford

and Liberty of St.

Alban Act, 1874.

Section three.

Sections nine, thirteen, fourteen,

fifteen and eighteen.

41 & 42 Vict,

c. 50.

The Couiity of Hertford

Act, 1878.

Section four.

42 & 43 Vict,

c. 49.

The Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

Sections twelve, thirteen, and

thirty-six, paragraph 1 of

section thirty-nine, section

forty-five and the First

Schedule.

45 & 46 Vict.i

C.J50.

The Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

Section two hundred and

twenty-three.

62 & 63 Vict,

e. 22.

The Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1899.

Section one and the Schedule.

4 Edw. 7.

e. 15.

The Prevention of

Cruelty to Children

Act, 1904.

Section twenty-four.

7_Edw. 7. C.17

The Probation of Offenders Act, 1907.

As from the first day of July,

nineteen hundred and twenty-

six, section three.

8 Edw. 7.

e. 41.

The Assizes and Quarter Sessions Act,

1908.

Section three.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 48.

The Post Office Act,

1908.

In subsection (1) of section

seventy-two the words from

" either in " to the words

" custody or."

3rd Sch.

— cont.

1720 '

Ch. 86, 87.

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

3bd Sch.

— eont.

Stabilisation of

tithe rent-

charge.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

8 Edw. 7. c. 67

The Children Act, 1908

Subsection (2) of section one-

hundred and twenty-eight an<k

the Second Schedule.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 27.

The Forgery Act, 1913

Section fourteen.

4*5 Geo. 5.

c. 58.

The Criminal Justice

Administration Act,

1914.

Subsection (1) of section fifteen,

in section eighteen the words-

" or on a plea of guilty", anti

paragraph (5) of subsection

(1) of section forty.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

e. 50.

The Larceny Act, 1916

Subsectioa (1) of section thirty-

nine.

CHAPTER 87.

An Act to amend the law relating to Tithe

rentcharge and other rentcharges, rents and

payments in lieu of Tithe, and the payment of

rates thereon; and for other matters connected

therewith.

[22nd December 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, .

by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Stabilisation and Synchronisation of Dates of

Payment of Tithe Rentcharge.

1. —(1) The sums becoming payable on or after the

appointed day in respect of a tithe rentcharge in lieu of

being computed in manner prescribed by the Tithe Acts

shall be computed on the basis of one hundred and

five pounds for every one hundred pounds of tithe

rentcharge.

(2) The half-yearly payments on account of a pension

under the Incumbents Resignation Acts, 1871 and 1887,

1925.

Tithe Act, 1925.

Ch. 87.

172L

awarded on or after the appointed day, shall not he

liable to variation, and as respects any such pension

awarded before the appointed day, which under section

four of the Incumbents Resignation Act, 1871, Amendment Act, 1887, is variable, any half-yearly payment

on account thereof becoming payable on or after the

appointed day shall be regulated by the value of tithe

rentcharge as fixed by this section, and shall not be

liable to variation.

2.—(1) Where the dates on which tithe rentcharge

is payable are dates other than the first day of April and

the first day of October, the dates for payment shall be

changed to the first day of April and the first day of

October (which dates are hereinafter in this section

referred to as the normal half-yearly dates).

(2) For the purpose of effecting such change as aforesaid, nothing in this section shall affect the liability to

make the payment in respect of tithe rentcharge on the

half-yearly date occurring next after the passing of this Act on which a payment would, apart from this section,

have become payable; but on the normal half-yearly

date which occurs next after the first-mentioned half-

yearly date, a payment in respect of the tithe rentcharge

proportionate to the time which has elapsed between the

first-mentioned half-yearly date and that normal half-

yearly date shall become payable, and thereafter payments

shall become due on the normal half-yearly dates.

(3) This section shall apply to rentcharges payable

under the Extraordinary Tithe Redemption Act, 1886, in

like manner as it applies to tithe rentcharge.

(4) This section shall come into operation on the

passing of this Act.

Part II.

Ecclesiastical Tithe Rentcharge.

3.—(1) Any tithe rentcharge which immediately

before the appointed day is attached to a benefice shall

on that day be transferred to, and by virtue of this Act

become vested in. Queen Anne’s Bounty for all the

interest therein so attached, subject to any charge or

liabfiity affecting that interest, but without prejudice to the powers of the person in whom the tithe rentcharge

was vested to recover and enforce the recovery of any

arrears payable before the appointed day.

50 & 51 Vick

c. 23.

Synchronising of dates

of payment

of tithe

rentcharge.

49 & 50 Vick

c. 54.

Transfer to

Ijueen

Anne’s

Bounty of

tithe rent-

charge

attached to

benefices

1722

Ch. 87.

Tithe Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

(2) Any tithe rentcharge so vested in Queen Anne’s

Bounty shall while so vested be held in trust for the

incumbent of the benefice to which it was previously

attached, or other the person for the time being entitled

to receive the emoluments of the benefice.

Provisions 4.—(1) For the purpose of the redemption before

for extin- the expiration of a period of eighty-five years from the

appointed day of the tithe rentcharge so vested in Queen

rentchLge Bounty there shall be payable to Queen Anne’s

at expira- Bounty by way of sinking fund payment in respect of

tion of every one hunted pounds of tithe rentcharge so vested

85 years. the annual sum of four pounds and ten shillings, and

such annual sum as aforesaid shall continue payable

until the half-yearly date of pa 5 rment which precedes

the expiration of the said period of eighty-five years.

(2) The annual sum so payable shall for aU purposes

64 & 65 Vict, (including those of section eight of the Tithe Act, 1891)

c. 8. be treated as an addition to and as part of the sums

payable in respect of the tithe rentcharge in respect of

which it is payable, and aU the enactments relating to

tithe rentcharge shall apply thereto accordingly:

Provided that such additional sum as aforesaid shall

not, for the purposes of the enactments relating to

income tax, land tax, or rating, be treated as part of the sums payable in respect of the tithe rentcharge, but

shall for those purposes be treated as an instalment of a

capital payment.

(3) Where a part of the sum claimed in respect of

tithe rentcharge is remitted under section eight of the

Tithe Act, 1891, a proportionate part of the amount

remitted shall be treated as attributable to the sum

payable by way of sinking fund pa3unent and that sum

shall be reduced accordingly.

(4) As from the day following the half-yearly date

for payment of tithe rentcharge which precedes the

expiration of the said period of eighty-five years the

land out of which any tithe rentcharge so vested in

Queen Anne’s Bounty issues shall be absolutely discharged and freed therefrom except so far as there may

be then due any arrears in respect thereof.

(5) Nothing in this section shall prevent the

redemption or merger of any such tithe rentcharge before

the expiration of the said period of eighty-five years.

1925.

Tithe Acti 1925.

Ch. 87.

1723

5.—(1) Out of the annual sums received in respect of Application

every one hundred pounds of tithe rentcharge so vested of sums

in them, Queen Anne’s Bounty shall in eaeh year, subject received

to the provisions hereinafter contained, —- An^s^*

(a) carry four pounds and ten shillings subject to Bounty,

any deduction on account of remission of tithe

rentcharge to the sinking fund; and

(6) pay the sum of five pounds to the Commissioners

of Inland Revenue to be applied by them

towards the payment of the sums hereinafter

directed to be paid by them on account of

rates;

and after deducting the amount of any land tax or other

charge to which the tithe rentcharge may be subject, and

the sums due on account of the cost of collection, and

other outgoings properly attributable to the tithe rent-

charge, shall pay the balance to the incumbent of the

benefice on account of which the tithe rentcharge is held

or other the person for the time being entitled to receive

the emoluments of the benefice:

Provided that—

(i) where any such tithe rentcharge is a tithe

rentcharge created in lieu of any com rent or

like payment which was free from rates, or

a tithe rentcharge which is otherwise free

from rates under any local Act, no such

payment to the Commissioners of Inland

Revenue as aforesaid shall be made in respect

thereof; and

(ii) the incumbent of any benefice who was immediately before the expiration of the Ecclesias- 10 & 11

tical Tithe Rentcharge (Rates) Act, 1920, by Geo. 6. c. 22

virtue of that Act entitled to total exemption

from the payment of rates on the tithe

rentcharge attached to the benefice may,

by notice in writing given to Queen Anne’s

Boimty before the expiration of three months

from the appointed day, require payments

into the sinking fund on account of that tithe

rentcharge to be postponed; and where such

a notice is given, then, for a period of five

years after the appointed day, or until a

vacancy occurs in the incumbency, whichever

1724

Ch. 87.

Tithe Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

is the shorter period, no payments in respect

of that tithe rentcharge shall be carried to the sinking fund; and after that period

payments into the sinking fund in respect

thereof shall be increased to such amount as

may be prescribed by regulations made by

Queen A^e’s Bounty so framed as to provide

that the accumulations in the sinking fund at

the expiration of the accumulation period

hereinafter mentioned shall be equal to the

amount which would have been accumulated

if there had been no such postponement.

(2) A certificate from a rating authority that an

incumbent has obtained total exemption from rates

under the Ecclesiastical Tithe Rentcharge (Rates) Act,

1920, shall, for the purposes of the last preceding

proviso, be sufficient evidence that the incumbent was

entitled to such an exemption.

Accumula- 6.—(1) The sums carried to the sinking fund under

tion and this Part of this Act in respect of any tithe rentcharge

of shall be accumulated by Queen Anne’s Bounty during

funffi accumulation period, or until the redemption or

merger of the tithe rentcharge if it is redeemed or

merged before the expiration of that period, by the

investment in authorised securities of such sums and of the income received or accrued during the accumulation

period in respect of such investments.

(2) After the expiration of the accumulation period.

Queen Anne’s Bounty shall hold the sums accumulated

in respect of any tithe rentcharge in trust to invest the

same in authorised securities and, subject to any charge

thereon, to pay the income thereof to the incumbent

of the benefice on account of which the tithe rent-

charge in respect of which the accumulations were made

was held, or other the person for the time being entitled

to receive the emoluments of the benefice:

Provided that, if before the expiration of the accumulation period the tithe rentcharge is redeemed or

merged. Queen Anne’s Bounty shall hold the sums

accumulated in the sinking fund in respect of the

tithe rentcharge at the date of the redemption or

merger and the sums received for the redemption or

merger thereof on the trusts aforesaid.

1925.

Tithe Act, 1925.

Ch. 87.

1725

(3) For the purposes of this Act the expression

" accumulation period" means the period commencing

on the appointed day and expiring immediately after the

last haK-yearly date for the payment of tithe rentcharge

which precedes the expiration of eighty-five years from

the appointed day.

7.—(1) The amount of any rate made on or after Provisions

the appointed day which is assessed on the owner of as to rating,

any tithe rentcharge which is vested in Queen Anne’s

Bounty under this Part of this Act shall not be

payable by such owner, but shall, on demand being

made by the collector of the rate on the surveyor

of taxes for the district, be paid by the Commissioners

of Inland Revenue.

(2) There shall in each year be charged on and paid

out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce

thereof to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue such

sum as the Treasury may certify to be payable by those

Commissioners under this section, after deducting therefrom the amounts payable to them under this Act by

Queen Anne’s Bounty on account of rates.

(3) There shall be deducted from the moneys payable

to the Local Taxation Account in each year the same

amount as would, under the Tithe Rentcharge (Rates) 62 & 63Viet.

Act, 1899, or under that Act as modified by any local

Act or Provisional Order, have been paid by the

Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and would have been

deducted from such moneys as aforesaid, if the tithe

rentcharges previously attached to benefices, which by

this Part of this Act are vested in Queen Anne’s Bounty,

had not been so vested.

(4) Payments to the Commissioners of Inland

Revenue under this section shall be made at such times

and in such manner as the Treasury may direct.

(5) The surveyor of taxes for the district shall as

respects any tithe rentcharge the rates on which are

so demandable from him as aforesaid have the like

right of making objection to, and appealing against, a

valuation of the tithe rentcharge and any rate assessed

thereon, and of making proposals for the amendment of

a valuation list, and of receiving notices and copies of

notices required by the enactments relating to rating

1726

Provisions

as to income

tax and

land tax.

Redemption

of tithe

rentcharge

vested in

Queen

Anne’s

Bounty.

Ch. 87. Tithe Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

to be served on the owner of the tithe rentcharge, as if

he were the owner thereof.

(6) For the purposes of this section, " rate " means

a rate the proceeds of which are applicable to local

purposes of a pubho nature and which is leviable on the

basis of an assessment in respect of the yearly value of

property, and includes any sum which, though obtained

in the fir.st instance by a precept, certificate, or other

instrument requiring payment from some authority or

officer, is or can be ultimately raised out of a rate as

before defined.

8.—(1) The vesting in Queen Anne’s Bormty by

virtue of this Part of this Act of any tithe rentcharge

shall not, nor shall the postponement under this Act of

any payments into the sinking fund or any consequential

increase of such payments, affect the amount on which

the incumbent of the benefice on account of which the

tithe rentcharge is held or other the person for the

time being entitled to receive the emoluments of the

benefice is liable to pay income tax in respect of tithe

rentcharge, but the amount of income tax payable in

respect of the tithe rentcharge shall be paid by Queen

Anne’s Bounty and by them deducted from the sum

payable to the incumbent, and the deducting of such

amount shall be deemed to be a pa 3 anent by the incumbent of the tax payable in respect of the sums paid to

him by Queen Aime’s Bounty under section five of this Act.

(2) Where any tithe rentcharge which by this Part

of this Act is vested in Queen Anne’s Bounty is subject

to land tax, such vesting shall not affect the right of the

incumbent of the benefice to which it was attached to

claim exemption or abatement from such land tax.

9.—(1) The compensation for redemption of tithe

rentcharge by this Part of this Act vested in Queen

Anne’s Bounty shall be such sum as in the opinion of the Minister will, when invested in Government securitie

and added to the amoimt certified by Queen Aime’s

Bounty to be the sum accumulated in the sinking fund in

respect of the rentcharge, or to be the sum which would

have been so accumulated if the accumulation had not

been postponed, be sufficient to produce an annual sum

1925.

Tithe Act, 1925.

Ch. 87.

1727

equal to the value of the tithe rentcharge as fixed by

this Act after deducting therefrom the amount (if any)

payable in respect thereof to the Commissioners of

Inland Revenue and any land tax charged on the tithe

rentcharge and a sum on account of costs of collection

equal to two and a half per cent, of such value as

aforesaid.

(2) This section shall not apply where the application for redemption was made before the appointed day.

10.—(1) Queen Anne’s Bounty shall, ia relation to Powers of

tithe rentcharge vested in them under this Part of this manage-

Act, have, for the purposes of collection, redemption,

merger, apportionment and otherwise, such powers as

they would have had had they been absolute beneficial Bounty,

owners thereof, and shall also in relation thereto have

such additional powers as are specified in the First

Schedule to this Act:

Provided that where—

(a) for three months or more immediately before

the passing of this Act the tithe rentcharge

attached to a benefice has been collected

by the incumbent thereof without the

employment of any paid agent; and

(b) the incumbent by notice in writing given to

Queen Anne’s Bounty within six months

after the passing of this Act agrees to collect

at his own expense and without remuneration

the sums payable in respect of the tithe

rentcharge attached to the benefice, and to

comply with such conditions as Queen Anne’s

Bounty may impose in relation to the collection and for securing the proper application

of the money collect^;

he shall be appointed to act as agent of Queen Anne’s

Bounty for the purpose of continuing such collection

after the tithe rentcharge becomes vested in Queen

Anne’s Bounty, and he shall continue to act as such so

long as he holds the incumbency and complies with the

said conditions, unless and until the agency is determined by notice in writing given by the incumbent to

Queen Anne’s Bounty, or is determined by Queen Anne’s

1728

Ch. 87.

Tithe Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Bounty for any reason which, in the special circumstances of the case, renders it in their opinion desirable

that the agency should be so determined.

(2) For the purpose of the collection of tithe rent-

charge vested in them by this Act, Queen Anne’s Bounty

shall divide the country into such number of areas (not

exceeding twenty) as they think fit, and those areas,

subject to such alterations as Queen Anne’s Bounty may

from time to time think fit to make, shall be the

collection areas for the purposes of this Act.

Queen Aime’s Bounty shall constitute a committee

for each collection area. Every such committee shall

contain representatives of the incumbents of benefices

within the collection area on account of which tithe rent-

charge is held, and, subject to any general or special

directions which may from time to time be given by

Queen Anne’s Bounty, there shall be delegated to the

committee all the powers of Queen Anne’s Bounty, in

relation to the collection of tithe rentcharge and such of

their powers of management in relation thereto as

Queen Anne’s Bounty think fit.

(3) Where tithe rentcharge previously attached to a

benefice issues from glebe belonging to that benefice, Queen

Anne’s Bounty shall have power, with the assent of the

incumbent, to merge the same in the glebe as if the tithe

rentcharge and the glebe both belonged to Queen Anne’s

Bounty absolutely.

(4) Queen Anne’s Bounty may apply any money

in their hands, whether under this Part of this Act or.

otherwise, and available for investment, in the redemption

or discharge of any land tax or other charge to which

any tithe rentcharge vested m them under this Part

of this Act may be subject, and the moneys so applied,

together with interest thereon at such rate not exceeding

five per cent, per annum as Queen Anne’s Bounty may

determine, shall be recoverable out of the tithe rent-

charge and any funds for the time being representing

the same.

(5) Queen Anne’s Bounty shah not be bound to take

any legal proceedings for the recovery of any payments

which they have not received if, in their discretion, they

consider it undesirable to do so.

1925.

Tithe Act, 1925.

Ch. 87.

1729

11. —(1) Queen Anne’s Bounty shall frame a scheme,

to come into operation not later than the first day of

April, nineteen hundred and thirty, providing as respects

each collection area for the apportionment amongst the

various benefices in that area on account of which tithe

rentcharge vested in them under this Part of this Act is

held, in proportion to the amount of the tithe rentcharge

held on account of each such benefice, of the aggregate

amounts of—

(a) the cost of collection of tithe rentcharge so vested

in them;

(b) any arrears of tithe rentcharge so vested in

them;

and any such scheme may be varied by a subsequent

scheme:

Provided that the scheme may provide for exempting

(in whole or in part) from liability to contribute to such

costs of collection benefices the total incomes arising

from which are shown to the satisfaction of Queen

Anne’s Bounty to be less than three hundred pounds

per annum, and shall provide for exempting from

liability to contribute to such cost of collection any

benefice where as agent of Queen Anne’s Bounty the

incumbent thereof collects the sums payable in respect

of the tithe rentcharge held on account of the benefice.

(2) In ascertaining the amount of tithe rentcharge

held on account of a benefice, and the amount of

arrears thereof, no account shah, be taken, if the scheme

so provides, of any tithe rentcharge which had not been

paid for such period before the appointed day as may be

prescribed by the scheme.

(3) The scheme shall not, nor shall the operation

thereof, affect the amount on which the incumbent of

any benefice is liable to pay income tax or the pro *

visions of this Part of this Act with respect thereto.

12. Where by virtue of this Part of this Act any

tithe rentcharge becomes vested in Queen Anne’s

Bounty for an interest less than a fee simple in

possession, the provisions of this Part of this Act—

(a) providing for the extinguishment of tithe rent-

charge at the expiration of the accumulation

period:

5 R

Scheme for

apportionment of

costs of collection, &c.

Application to

tithe rent-

charge

vested in

Queen

Anne’s

Bounty for

1730

an interest

less than a

fee simple.

Application

to tithe

rentcharge

attached to

ecclesiastical

coi^ora-

tions.

Application

to extraordinary

tithe rent-

charge, com

rents, &c.

Ch. 87. Tithe Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

(6) requiring sinking fund payments to be made in

respect of tithe rentcharge and sums to be .

carried to the sinking fund;

(c) as to the compensation for redemption of tithe

rentcharge;

shall not apply to such tithe rentcharge.

13. The foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act shall apply to tithe rentcharge which immediately

before the appointed day is attached to an ecclesiastical

corporation with the following modifications and

exceptions—

(1) the sum of sixteen pounds shall be substituted

for the sum of five pounds as the amount

payable by Queen Anne’s Bounty to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue;

(2) eighty-one and a half years shall be substituted

for eighty-five years for determining the period

during which the tithe rentcharge is to continue payable and the payments into the sinking

fund are to be accumulated;

(3) References to the ecclesiastical corporation shall

be substituted for references to the incumbent

of the benefice; and

(4) the provisions as to the scheme to be framed

by Queen Anne’s Bounty shall not apply.

14. —(1) The provisions of this Part of this Act

relating to the transfer to and vesting in Queen Anne’s

Bounty of tithe rentcharge and to the powers of management of Queen Anne’s Bounty over the rentcharge, but

none of the other foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act shall apply to the following rentcharges, rents, tithes

and other payments attached to a benefice or ecclesiastical

corporation in like manner as to tithe rentcharge so

attached, that is to say—

(a) any rentcharge under the Extraordinary Tithe

Redemption Act, 1886;

(b) any com rent rentcharge or money payment

payable under any local. or personal Act or

award in lieu of tithe;

Ch. 87.

1925.

Tithe Act, 1925.

1731

(c) any rentcharge payable under the Tithe Act, 23 & 24 Vict.

1860, in respect of the tithes on any gated or c. 93.

stinted pasture;

(d) any sum or rate payable for each head of cattle

or stock turned on land subject to common rights

or held or enjoyed in common;

' (e) any tithes and other payments in lieu of tithes

not being tithe rentcharge t

Provided that this section shall not apply to any

rentcharge, tithes or payments in heu of tithes which

arise within the City of London or any ecclesiastical

parish situate partly within and partly without the City

of London, or which under any Act or award are directed

to be collected for the benefit of a benefice by churchwardens or any other body or person and not by the

incumbent of the benefice.

(2) Where by virtue of this section any payment in

lieu of tithe is vested in Queen Anne’s Bounty, such

vesting shall not affect the application to the payment

in lieu of tithe or to any tithe rentcharge into which such

a payment may be converted under the Tithe Acts of the

provisions of the Tithe Rentcharge (Rates) Act, 1899, or

of that Act as modified by any local Act or Provisional

Order.

(3) For the purposes of this section, the powers of

management of Queen Anne’s Bounty shall be deemed

to include, in addition to the powers conferred by section

ten, the power of making deductions on account of cost

of collection and other outgoings, and, subject to the

necessary modifications, the powers conferred by the

First Schedule to this Act.

15. Receipts for any tithe rentcharge or other S. 36 of the

payments previously attached to a benefice which are Finance

vested in Queen Anne’s Bounty by virtue of this Act ^24,

shall, notwithstanding such vesting, be deemed to be

receipts to which the exemption in section thirty-six of 14

the Finance Act, 1924, applies. Geo. 6 . c. 2 i.

16. —(1) Nothing in this Part of this Act shall Saving

affect any power of apportioning between benefices, or clause,

transferring from one benefice to another benefice or to

a united benefice, any tithe rentcharge, tithes or payments in lieu of tithes, or other rentcharge or payment

5 R 2

1732

15 & 16 Geo. 5 ’

Ch. 87. Tithe Act, 1925.

vested in Queen Anne’s Bounty under this Part of this.

Act.

(2) The vesting in Queen Anne’s Bounty of any tithe

rentcharge, tithe, or payment in lieu of tithe, or other

rentcharge or payment, shall not affect the right te

recover any sums in respect thereof which would have

leen recoverable had no such vesting been effected.

Provisions,

as to the

redemption

of lay tithe

rentcharge.

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 16.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 54.

Amendment

of provisions as to

altered

apportionments.

Part III.

Lay Tithe Rentcharge.

17.—(1) This Part of this Act applies to tithe

rentcharge which is not tithe rentcharge for the redemption whereof provision is made by Part II. of this Act;

and such tithe rentcharge is in this Part of this Act

referred to as lay tithe rentcharge.

(2) Where after the twenty-second day of hlay, .

nineteen hundred and twenty-five, an application for

the redemption of any lay tithe rentcharge on any land

is made by the owner of the land, then if the land

charged with the tithe rentcharge, except so far as it

consists of buildings in the same occupation, is agricultural land for the purposes of the Agricultural

Rates Act, 1896, the Minister in ascertaining the compensation for the redemption of the tithe rentcharge in

accordance with the provisions of the First Schedule to the Tithe Act, 1918, shall not in respect of rates deduct

from the gross annual value a sum in excess of two-thirda

of the average amount which became payable by the

owner of the tithe rentcharge or any other person on

account of any rate to which the Agriqultural Rates

Act, 1896, applies.

(3) This Part of this Act shall come into operation

on the passing thereof.

Part IV.

Miscellaneous.

18. —(1) Notwithstanding the provisions of section

fourteen of the Tithe Act, 1842, on the alteration of an

apportionment a tithe rentcharge of less than five

shillings may be charged on any land if the owner of the rentcharge the subject of the apportionment consents.

1925. Tithe Act, 1925. Ch. 87.

or if the owner of the land on which the rentcharge of

less than five shillings is apportioned has applied to the

Slinister for an order directing that it shall be redeemed

on the alteration of the apportionment, and an order has

been made accordingly.

(2) Notwithstanding the provision^ of section eleven

of the Tithe Act, 1860, the consent of the owner or

owners of the lands charged with tithe rentcharge shall

not be required for the re-apportionment and redistribution of rentcharges over and amongst the lands charged

therewith provided that the rentcharges are payable to the same person.

(3) The powers of apportionment of rentcharges in

lieu of corn rents conferred by section seventeen of the

Tithe Act, 1860, shall extend to the apportionment of aU

com rents to which the said Act applies.

19, —(1) Where appUcation for redemption of a

tithe rentcharge is not made by the persons directed to

make such application under section one of the Tithe

Act, 1878, the Minister may order such redemption on

the application of the owner of the tithe rentcharge.

(2) Section five of the Tithe Act, 1878, which

authorises redemption of tithe rentcharge on lands which

have been divided into numerous plots, shall extend also

to any case where the Minister is satisfied that land is

about to be so divided.

20. —(1) Subsection (2) of section four of the Tithe

Act, 1918, shall have effect as if sixty years were substituted for fifty years as the maximum period of the

duration of an annuity in discharge of the consideration

money for the redemption of tithe rentcharge, and as if

for the words "after payment of the first instalment of

" the annuity " there were substituted the words "as

" from the date on which the annuity commences."

(2) Where any such annuity is vested in Queen

Anne’s Bounty, then, for the pm’poses of subsection (3)

of section one hundred and ninety-one of the Law of

Property Act, 1925, Queen Anne’s Bounty shall be

deemed to be empowered to give an absolute discharge

for the capital value of the annuity.

(3) In ascertaining the compensation for the redemption of tithe rentcharge under paragraph 2 of the First

1733

5 & 6 Vict,

c. 54.

Amendment

of ss. 1 and 5

of Tithe

Act, 1878.

41 & 42 Vict,

c. 42.

Amendment

of provisions of

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 54, as to

redemption

of tithe

rentcharge.

15 Geo. 5.

c. 20.

1734

Ch. 87.

Tithe Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Duty of

overseers,

&c., to

furnish in-

formation.

Extension

of pou ers

of improvement companies.

Commencement of

Part, IV.

Definitions.

Schedule to the Tithe Act, 1918, the deduction on account

of rates and land tax shall be the average amount which

became payable by the tithe owner in respect thereof

during the three years immediately preceding the date of the application.

(4) Where under the Tithe Act, 1918, the consideration money for the redemption of tithe rentcharge is by

agreement to be discharged by an annuity, the provisions

of paragraph 2 of the First Schedule to that Act,

providing that in the ascertainment of the compensation

for redemption a deduction is to be made on account of the cost of collection of the tithe rentcharge, shall not

apply.

21. For the purpose of enabling the Minister to

ascertain the deduction in respect of rates to be made in

the ascertainment of compensation for redemption of

tithe rentcharge, the overseers or other person or body

by whom a rate has been made shall, on being requested

so to do, supply to the Minister any information which is in

his or their possession as to the amount jjaid or payable

on account of the rate in respect of any tithe rentcharge

arising out of land in the area to which the rate applies.

22. Where any company is authorised by an Act of

Parliament to advance money for the redemption of

tithe rentcharges or 90 m rents upon the security of a

charge’ hmited to a period of less than sixty years, the

provisions of the Act shall have effect in relation to a

charge for such a purpose as if a period of sixty years

were thereby authorised.

23. This Part of this Act shall come into operation

at the expiration of two months after the passing thereof.

Part V.

General.

24, —(1) In this Act, except where the context

otherwise requires, —

The expression "Minister" means the Minister of

Agriculture and Fisheries;

The expression "tithe rentcharge" means tithe

rentcharge issuing out of lands and payable in

pursuance of the Tithe Acts, and includes a

1925.

Tithe Act, 1925.

Ch. 87.

1735

rentcharge into which, before the appointed

day, a corn rent has been converted under

those Acts and which is subject to the lUce

incidents as such tithe rentcharge as aforesaid; but does not include a rentcharge payable

under the Extraordinary Tithe Redemption

Act, 1886, nor a rentcharge payable under the

Tithe Act, 1860, in respect of the tithes on

any gated or stinted pasture, nor a sum or

rate payable for each head of cattle or stock

turned on land subject to common rights or

held or enjoyed in common:

The expression "Tithe Acts " does not include the

Extraordinary Tithe Redemption Act, 1886, but

otherwise means the Tithe Acts, 1836 to 1918:

The expression "benefice " has the same meaning

as in the Tithe Rentcharge (Rates) Act, 1899:

The expression "ecclesiastical corporation " has the

same meaning as in the Episcopal and Capitular

Estates Act, 1851:

The expression "authorised securities" means securities in which Queen Anne’s Bounty are for

the time being authorised to invest their

corporate funds:

The expression "costs of collection " includes all

costs and expenses incurred by a committee

constituted for a collection area in the exercise

of any of the powers (whether of collection or

management), and of the performance of any of the duties delegated to the committee:

The expression "total income " in relation to a

benefice means the total income arising from

the benefice estimated in accordance with the

provisions of the Income Tax Acts for the

preceding income tax year, but so that where

the incumbent of a benefice holds more than one

benefice (whether united for ecclesiastical purposes or not so united) it shall mean the sum of the total incomes, estimated as aforesaid, arising

from the several benefices.

(2) References to one hundred pounds of tithe rent-

charge means tithe rentcharge of the original commuted

amount of one hundred pounds, and, where any sum of

14 & 15 Vict,

c. 104.

1736

Ch. 87.

Tithe Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Ti-inporary

extension

of the

duration of

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 64, s. 1

and 10 & 11

Geo. 6.

c. 22.

Short title,

construction, extent,

commencement and

repeals.

money is by this Act made payable in respect of one

hundred pounds of tithe rentcharge, proportionately

greater or lesser sums shall be payable when the original

commuted value of the tithe rentcharge is more or less

than one hundred pounds.

(3) In calculating for the purposes of this Act the

amount of any tithe rentcharge or any payment in

respect of any tithe rentcharge fractions of a penny less

than a halfpenny shall be disregarded, and fractions of a

penny amounting to a halfpenny or more shall be treated

as a whole penny.

25. Subsection (1) of section one of the Tithe Act,

1918, and the Ecclesiastical Tithe Rentcharge (Rates)

Acts, 1920 and 1922, shall continue in force until the

appointed day, and shall have effect as if in subsection

(1) of section one of the Tithe Act, 1918, and in subsection (1) of section one of the Ecclesiastical Tithe

Rentcharge (Rates) Act, 1920, for the reference to the

first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-six,

there were substituted a reference to the appointed day.

26. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Tithe Act,

1925, and shall be construed with the Tithe Acts, 1836

to 1918, and those Acts and this Act may be cited

together as the Tithe Acts, 1836 to 1925.

(2) This Act shall extend to England and Wales

only.

(3) Except where otherwise expressly provided, this Act shall come into operation on the appointed day,

and the appointed day shall be such date or dates not

earlier than the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred

and twenty-six, and not later than the first day of April,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, as His Majesty may

fix by Order in Council, and different days may be fixed

for different provisions and different purposes of the Act.

(4) The Acts mentioned in the Second Schedule to

this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in

the third column of that Schedule.

This subsection so far as it effects the repeal of

subsection (2) of section one of the Tithe Act, 1918, shall

come into operation on the passing of this Act.

1925.

Tithe Act, 1925.

Ch. 87.

1737

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Powers of Queen Anne’s Bounty.

1. Power to appoint agents and to devolve upon bodies or

committees appointed by Queen Anne’s Bounty, or constituted

in such manner as they may from time to time approve, all or

any of the rights, powers and duties conferred or imposed on

Queen Anne’s Bounty by this Act, or by virtue of the vesting

of property in them under this Act, in relation to the collection

and management of any such property, with full authority to

such bodies or committees, subject to any general or special

directions which may from time to time be given by Queen

Anne’s Bounty, to do and execute any act within the powers

of Queen Anne’s Bounty in relation to the matters devolved upon

such bodies and committees as aforesaid, including powers to

take proceedings on account of and in the name of Queen Anne’s

Bounty:

Provided that the duty of holding and dealing with sinking

fund payments and moneys paid for redemption shall not be so

devolved.

2. Power to provide on such terms as they think fit for the

extinction of any tithe rentcharge vested in them by merger of the tithe rentcharge in the freehold of the land out of which

it issues in manner provided by the Tithe Acts.

3. Power to require the transfer to Queen Anne’s Bounty

by an incumbent of a benefice of any documents in his possession or under his control relating to tithe rentcharge attached

to the benefice, and the transfer of copies of confirmed instruments of apportionment and of any other instruments deposited

in pursuance of the Tithe Acts, 1836 to 1918, in the registry of

any diocese, but so that Queen Anne’s Bounty shall be subject

to the same obligation, on such transfer being made, to supply

copies thereof to such persons and on such terms as the

registrar of the diocese from whom the same were transferred

was subject.

Sections 10

and 14.

1738

Ch. 87.

Tithe Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

1st Sch

— cont.

4. Power to make regulations with respect to—

(a) the investment of moneys in the sinking fimd and

moneys paid to Queen Anne’s Bounty for redemption,

and the ascertainment of the share therein of the

several benefices and corporations interested;

(h) the ascertainment, pending the preparation of the

scheme to be prepared under this Act, of the sums

to be deducted under this Act on account of costs of

collection, properly attributable to the several benefices and corporations, and the apportionment of such

costs between the several benefices, but so that

Queen Anne’s Bounty may, it they think fit,

exempt (in whole or in part) from liability to contribute to such costs benefices the total incomes

arising from which are shown to the satisfaction of

Queen Anne’s Bounty to be less than three hundred

pounds, and‘SO that the regulations shall provide for

the exemption from the liability to contribute to the

cost of collection any benefice where as agent for

Queen Anne’s Bounty the incumbent thereof collects

the sums payable in respect of the tithe rentcharge

held on account of the benefice;

(c) the periodical disbursement to the persons entitled

thereto of the sums received by Queen Anne’s Bounty

in respect of property vested in them under this Act.

5. Power to apply towards the cost of collection under this Act any interest arising from money other than money required

to be invested which may from time to time be in the hands of

Queen Anne’s Bounty tmder this Act.

6. Power to pay out of their corporate funds the expenses

of administration under this Act, and to make advances out of

such funds to meet such expenses of collection as in the opinion

of Queen Anne’s Bounty ought to be spread over a term of

years, subject in the case of such advances to recoupment with

interest thereon at such rate not exceeding five per cent, per

aimum, and in such manner and within such time as Queen

Anne’s Boimty may determine.

1925.

Tithe Act, 1925.

Ch. 87, 88.

1739

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 26

Enactments repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

60 & 61 Vict,

c. 23.

The incumbents Resignation Act, 1871,

Amendment Act, 1887.

Section four.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

c. 54.

The Tithe Act, 1918

Sections one and two;

subsection (2) of section

four from the words

" and in default of such

" agreement" to the

words " if they think

fit determine."

In the First Schedule,

paragraphs 1 and 3.

10 & 11 Geo.6.

c. 22.

The Ecclesiastical Tithe

Rentcharge (Rates)

Act, 1920.

The whole Act.

12 & 13 Geo.5.

c. 58.

1

The Ecclesiastical Tithe

Rentcharges (Rates)

Act, 1922.

The whole Act.

CHAPTER 88.

An Act to amend the law with respect to the Coastguard, and for purposes connected

therewith.

[22nd December 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

same, as follows:—

1. — (1) His Majesty’s Coastguard shall consist of Transfer of

such numbers of officers and men as the Board of Trade the coast-

{hereinafter referred to as "the Board") may, with the guard to

1740

Ch. 88.

Coastguard Act, 1925. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

the Board

of Trade.

16 & 17 Vict,

c. 107.

Transfer of

control of

coastguard

to Admiralty in

case of

emergency.

consent of the Treasury from time to time think fit, and

shall be raised, maintained, equipped, and governed by

the Board and employed as a coast-watching force for

the performance of the duties hitherto performed by the

coastguard on behalf of the Board, and of such other

duties as may be determined by the Board.

(2) All land which is at the commencement of this Act held by the Admiralty in connection with the

coastguard service and required by the Board for the

purposes of His Majesty’s Coastguard shall, notwithstanding any provisions in any lease or other instrument

prohibiting or restricting the transfer or assignment

thereof, be transferred to the Commissioners of Works

by Order of His Majesty in Council without the necessity

of any other conveyance or assignment, and shall be

taken by the said Commissioners as land necessary for

the puljlic service and held by them for all the estate

and interest for which it was previously held by the

Admiralty.

(3) The power of the Admiralty to acquire land for the

purposes of the coastguard service is hereby transferred

to the Commissioners of Works, and accordingly the said

Commissioners may cause to be surveyed and marked

out any land not exceeding three acres at or for any

one coastguard station, v/hich may be required for the

purposes of His Majesty’s Coastguard with all necessary

ways to and from such land, and may enter into agreements for the acquisition of Such land as land necessary

for the public service, and sections three hundred and

thirty-six to three hundred and forty-five (both inclusive)

of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1853, as amended by

any subsequent enactment shall api>ly with the necessary

modifications to the purchase by the said Commissioners

of land required by the Board for the purposes of His

Majesty’s Coastguard as those sections have hitherto

applied to the acquisition by the Admiralty of land

required for the purposes of the coastguard service.

2.—(1) Whenever any emergency arises which, in

the oj)inion of the Admiralty renders it advisable that

His Majesty’s Coastguard shall be placed under the

control of the Admiralty, the Admiralty may by order

direct that the management and control of His Majesty’s

Coastguard shall be transferred to the Admiralty, and

while any such order is in force, the powers and duties

1925.

Coastguard Act, 1925.

Ch. 88, 89.

1741

of the Board under this Act in relation to His Majesty’s

Coastguard shall be exercised and performed by the

Admiralty, and the officers and men of His Majesty’s

Coastguard shall be subject to the Naval Discipline

Act and be borne on the books of one of His Majesty’s

ships in commission, with such respective ranks and

ratings and such pay and emoluments as may be determined by the Admiralty.

(2) Any order made under this section shall be

revoked as soon as the Admiralty is of opinion that the

emergency has ended, but without prejudice to anything

previously done thereunder.

3. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Coastguard

Act, 1925.

(2) This Act shall extend to the Isle of ]\Ian.

(3) Save as is in this Act otherwise expressly provided, all laws in force at the commencement of this Act

for the protection of the coastguard, and all rights,

authorities, powers, privileges and immunities which at

the commencement of this Act are vested in, or may be

had or exercised by the coastguard shall be appb'cable

to, and be vested in, and had and exercised by His

Majesty’s Coastguard.

(4) The Coast-guard Service Act, 1856, is hereby

repealed.

CHAPTER 89.

An Act to amend the Education (Scotland) Act,

1908, and the Education (Scotland) Act, 1918.

[22nd December 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. In the Education (Scotland) Act, 1918, there

shall be inserted after the second paragraph of subsection (9) of section eighteen the following paragraph:—

" Provided also that if before the expiry of ten

years from the transfer of any such school the

Short title,

extent,

saving and

repeal.

19 & 20 Vict,

c. 83.

Amendment

of 8 & 9

Geo. 5.

c. 48. s. 18.

1742

Amendment

of 8 & 9

Geo. 5.

c. 48. s. 3.

Ch. 89. Education (Scotland) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

education authority are of opinion as aforesaid

and so represent, and the trustees by whom the

school was transferred, or their successors in

office or representatives, formally intimate to the

Department that they eoncur with the authority

in their opinion as represented, then in such case,

if the Department are of the same opinion and so

signify, it shall be lawful for the education authority

forthwith to discontinue or to hold, maintain, or

manage the school as aforesaid, subject to the

like provision with respect to compensation."

2. At the end of paragraph 8 of the Second Schedxile

to the Education (Scotland) Act, 1918, there shall be

inserted the following words :—

" and provided also that in the case of the

education authorities for the counties of Argyll,

Caithness, Inverness, Orkney, Ross and Cromarty,

Shetland and Sutherland, if at least one meeting

is held in each quarter of each year, the total

number of meetings need not exceed six in any

one year."

3. For subsection (2) of section three of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1918, the following subsection shah,

be substituted: " A school management committee shall,

" subject to any regulations and restrictions made by

" the education authority, have aU the powers and

" duties of that authority in regard to the general

" management and supervision of the school or group of

" schools, including attendance thereat: Provided that

" the education authority shall in every case themselves

" retam, exercise and perform aU their powers and

" duties in regard to—

" (a) the raising of money by rate or loan and the

" control of expenditure;

" (6) the acquisition or holding of land;

" (c) the appointment, transfer, remuneration and

" dismissal of teachers;

" (d) the appointment of bursars, and the exercise

" of the powers conferred by the section of

" this Act relating to power to facihtate

" attendance at secondary schools and other

" institutions; and

1925.

Education (Scotland)

Act, 1925. Ch. 89.

1743

" (e) the recognition, establishment or discontinu-

" ance of intermediate or secondary schools or

" of centres of advanced technical instruction."

4. To paragraph (3) of section three of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1908, as amended by paragraph

5 (a) of the Fifth Schedule to the Education (Scotland)

Act, 1918, there shall be added the following words:

" Provided that if in any case an education authority

can satisfy the Scottish Education Department that the

provision of facilities under this paragraph would involve

less cost than the provision of new school accommodation

or the continuance of existing school accommodation

which would otherwise be necessary for any part of their

area, it shall be within the power of that education

authority, subject to the approval of the Department, to

provide such facilities without having special regard

to the circumstances of the parents of the children

concerned, or to the distance between the residence of

any such child and the school."

5. For paragraph (4) of section three of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1908, as amended by the Education

(Scotland) Act, 1918 (which section relates to additional

general powers of education authorities), there shall be

substituted the following subsection :—

" (4) In contributing towards, or where deemed

expedient providing for, the maintenance and

education in homes or other institutions within or

without the education area of the education

authority (vith due regard to the religious persuasion of the parents) of—

" (a) epileptic or crippled or defective children

within the meaning of the Education of Defective

Children (Scotland) Act, 1906; or

" (h) other children who are certified by the

school medical officer as requiring special

arrangements for their education provided that

the arrangements proposed have been approved

by the Department;

and in paying the cost of conveying such children

to and from such homes or institutions."

Amendment

of 8 Edw. 7.

c. 63.

s. 3 (3).

Amendment

of 8 Edw. 7.

c. 63. s. 3.

6 Edw. 7.

0 . 10 .

1744"

Ch. 89, 90.

Education (Scotland) 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Extent,

citation and

construction.

6.—(1) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Education (Scotland)

Act, 1925, and shall be included among the Acts which

may be cited together as the Education (Scotland) Acts,

1872 to 1925.

CHAPTER 90.

An Act to simplify and amend the law with

respect to the making and collection of rates

by the consolidation of rates and otherwise, to

promote uniformity in the valuation of property

for the purpose of rates, to amend the law

with respect to the valuation of machinery

and certain other classes of properties, and for

other purposes incidental to or connected with

the matters aforesaid.

[22nd December 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Rating.

Rating 1* —(1) The council of every county borough and the

authorities, council of every urban and rural district shall be the

rating authority for the borough or for the county

district, and from and after the appointed day no

authority or person other than the council shall have

power to make or levy any rate within the borough or

district.

(2) As from the appointed day all powers and duties

of the overseers of the poor in relation to the making,

levying, and collection of rates, and of any other person

who by virtue of any local Act has powers in that behalf,

shall in every rating area be exercised and performed by

the rating authority.

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1745

(3) Every rating authority shall for the purposes of

their powers and duties under this Act (other than the

power of appointing persons to act as members of an

assessment committee) have the same power with respect

to the appointment and authorisation of committees as

they have under section two hundred of the Public Health 38 & 39 Vict.

Act, 1875, or subsection (1) of section fifty-six of the«-^-

Local Government Act, 1894, as the case may be, for the 56 & 57 Vict,

purposes of the Acts relating to the public health. 73.

(4) In the case of a rural rating area the parish

council of every parish or group of parishes, and the

parish meeting of every parish not under a parish

council, shall he entitled to appoint two persons, being

local government electors, to act as members of the

rating authority, or of any committee appointed by

that authority in pursuance of this section, so far as

regards the exercise or performance in connection with

property in that parish or group of parishes of any

powers or duties of the rating authority under Part II.

of this Act, and the persons so appointed shall, for that

purpose, but not for any other purpose, be deemed to be

members of the rating authority or committee, as the

case may be.

2.—(1) As from the date of the fiLrst new valuation. Levy of, and

the rating authority of each urban rating area, in lieu of provisions as

the poor rate and any other rate which they have power

to make, shall make and levy for their area a consolidated

rate which shall be termed " the general rate."

(2) As from the appointed day the rating authority of

each rural rating area shall, in lieu of making a poor rate

for each parish, make and levy a general rate for the

whole of the district.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every

general rate shall be a rate at a uniform amount per

pound on the rateable value of each hereditament in

the rating area, and shall be made, levied and collected,

and shall he recoverable, in the same maimer in which

at the commencement of this Act the poor rate may be

made, levied, collected and recovered, and all the enactments relating to the poor rate which are in force at the

commencement of this Act, including (subject to the

provisions of this Act) enactments relating to appeals

5S

1746 Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

against a poor rate, shall, so far as not repealed by this Act, apply to the general rate:

Provided that—

(a) In the case of any general rate made in a

rural rating area in respect of any period

before the date of the first new valuation,

the rating authority shall, notwithstanding

anything in this subsection, give effect in

the collection of the rate to any exemption or

abatement to which any person would have

been entitled in respect of any hereditament

if the rate had been a poor rate; and

12 & 13 Vict. (fi) notwithstanding anything in the Distress for

c. 14 . Pates Act, 1849, the justices shall not issue a

warrant of commitment in default of distress

for non-payment of the general rate against

any person who proves to their satisfaction

that his failure to pay is due to circumstances

beyond his control, but where the justices in

pursuance of this provision refuse to issue a

warrant the rating authority may, unless the

justices at the time of so refusing think fit

to remit the payment of the rate (which they

are hereby authorised to do), subsequently

renew the application for a warrant of commitment oi!i the groimd that the circumstances

of the person have changed.

(4) A rating authority shall have power to reduce

or remit the payment of any general rate on account of the poverty of any person liable to the payment thereof.

(5) Where any amount, other than an amount which

falls to be raised by means of a special rate under this ,

Part of this Act, is, by virtue of any precept or otherwise,

chargeable separately on any part of a rating area, the

rating authority shall levy that amount on that part of the area together with, and as an additional item of, the

general rate.

(6) Expenses incurred under the Public Libraries

Acts, 1892 to 1919, by the library authority (not being a

county council) of a library district being a parish shall,

instead of being defrayed out of a rate raised in manner

provided by paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section

55 & 56 Vict, eighteen of the Public Libraries Act, 1892, be levied in

c. 53.

1925.

Rating and Vahmtion

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1747

the library district by the rating authority together with,

and as an additional item of, the general rate.

(7) Section one hundred and thirty-three of the

Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 (which provides

that until the completion of the works the promoters of the undertaking shall make good any deficiency of poor

rate caused by the lands being taken), shall have effect

as though for the references therein to the poor’s rate

there were substituted references to the general rate, and

as though the amoxmt required to be made good by the

promoters of the undertaking were in the case of lands

situate in an urban rating area one-half of the deficiency

in the several assessments to the general rate.

The assessment on which any payment made by

promoters under the said section is based shall be inserted

in the valuation list and any such payment shall be taken

into account for the purpose of ascertaining the proceeds

of any rate.

(8) The provisions of this Act relating to the general

rate shall apply to any consolidated rate, by whatever

name called, made for any area under any local Act on

or after the date of the first new valuation.

(9) Every hereditament in the rating area, whether

liable to he rated or not, shall be included in every rate iu

the rate hook.

3.—(1) As from the appointed day the rating authority of each rural rating area shall, in lieu of any

rate in respect of expenditure under the Lighting

and Watching Act, 1833, and of any rate in respect of

special expenses imder the Acts relating to public health,

make and levy in each part of the area which is

liable to he separately rated in respect of any such

expenditure or in respect of any such special expenses a

separate rate which shall be termed " a special rate ":

Provided that, where the amount of any such

expenditure, or of any such expenses, for any half-

year falling to he raised by means of a special rate

chargeable on any part of the area is less than ten pounds,

or is so small that a general rate of less than one penny in

the pound would he sufficient to produce the amount of

that expenditure or of those expenses, that amount shall

not be levied by a special rate, but shall he levied in

that part of the area together with, and as an additional

item of, the general rate.

8 & 9Aict.

c. 18.

Levy of, and

provisions as

to, special

rate in rural

district.

3 & 4 Will. i.

c. 90.

6S 2

1748 Ch. 90.

Eating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

In this subsection the expression "half-year " means

the period of six months expiring on the thirty-first day

of March or the thirtieth day of September.

(2) Subject to the express provisions of this Act as

to special rates, all the provisions of this Act relating to the general rate shall apply to a special rate, except that

the owner of any tithe or tithe rentcharge and the

occupier of any woodlands, or of any land covered with

water or used as a canal or as a towing-path for a canal

or as a railway constructed under the powers of any Act

of Parliament for public conveyance, and, until the date

of the first new valuation, the occupier of any agricultural

land, shall be liable to pay in respect of one-fourth part

only of the rateable value of the tithe, tithe rentcharge,

woodlands or land.

Operation

and incidence of

rate.

4.—(1) Every rate made by a rating authority on or

after the appointed day shall be deemed to be made on

the date on which it is approved by the authority, and any

enactments requiring that rates must be allowed by justices

shall cease to have effect.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, every

general rate shall be made in respect of a period commencing in the case of the first general rate made under

this Part of this Act for any rural rating area on the

appointed day, in th^ case of the first general rate so

made for any other rating area on the date of the first

new valuation, and in the case of any subsequent general

rate immediately after the expiration of the last preceding

period in respect of which a general rate was made, and

terminating on such date, to be specified in the rate, as

may be fixed by the rating authority, and, in the case of the last rate made in respect of any financial year, the

date so fixed shall be the last day of that year.

(3) Every special rate shall be made in respect of

such period, to be specified in the rate, as may be fixed

by the rating authority, and a rating authority in fixing

any such period shall have regard to the period during

which the charges to be met by the rate accrue,

(4) The following provisions shall have effect with

respect to the assessing of persons to and their liability

in respect of a rate—

(a) a person who is in occupation of the hereditament for part only of the period in respect of

1&25. Rating and Valuation Ch. 90.

Act, 1925.

which the rate is made, shall, subject to the

provisions of this subsection, be hable to be

charged with such part only of the total amount

of the rate as the number of days during which

he is in occupation bears to the total number

of days comprised in the said period;

(6) a person who is in occupation of the hereditament for any part of the said period may be

assessed to the rate in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (a) of this subsection, notwithstanding that he ceased to be in occupation

before the rate was made;

(c) a person who is in occupation of the hereditament at any time after the rate is made

may be assessed to and shall in the first

instance be hable to pay, if he was in occupation at the beginning of the period, the

whole rate, or, if he came into occupation

subsequently, a proportion of the rate calculated on the basis that he will remain in

occupation until the end of the said period, but

shall, if he goes out of occupation before the

end of the said period, be entitled to recover

from the rating authority any sum paid by

him in excess of the amount properly chargeable

against him in accordance with the provisions

of paragraph (a) of this subsection, except in so

far as he has previously recovered the sum from

an incoming occupier.

(6) Where the name of any person liable to be rated

is not known to the rating authority, it shall be suflB.cient

to assess him to the rate by the description of the

" occupier " of the premises (naming them) in respect of

which the assessment is made, without further name or

description.

(6) Notwithstanding anything in this section, the

rating authority may at any time make a supplementary

rate if they think it necessary so to do having regard to the requirements of their area.

5.—(1) The rating authority may at any time make

such amendments in a rate (being either the current or

the last preceding rate) as appear to them necessary in

order to make the rate conform with the provisions

1749

Amendment

of rate.

1750

Publication

of rate.

Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

of this Part of this Act and any other enactments

relating thereto, and in particular may—

(a) correct any clerical or arithmetical error in the

rate:

(5) correct any erroneous insertions or omissions or

any misdescriptions:

(c) make such additions to or corrections in the rate

as appear to the authority to he necessary by

reason of—

(i) any newly erected hereditament or any

hereditament which was unoccupied at the

time of the making of the rate coming into

occupation; or

(ii) any change in the occupation of any

hereditament; or

(iii) any property previously rated as a single

hereditament hecoming liable to he rated in

parts:

Provided that not less than seven days before

making under the foregoing provisions any amendment

which is not necessitated by an alteration of the valuation list, and the effect of which is to alter the amount

appearing in the rate as chargeable in respect of any hereditament, the rating authority shall send notice of the

proposed amendment to the occupier of the hereditament,

and if the owner is liable to pay the rates in respect of the hereditament also to the owner, and shall consider

any objection thereto which may be made by him or them.

(2) Every amendment made under paragraph (a)

or paragraph (i) of the preceding subsection in a rate

shall have effect as if it had been contained in the rate

as originally made.

(3) This section shall come into operation on the

appointed day.

6.—(1) Notice of every rate shall be given by the

rating authority within seven days after the making

thereof, and the rate shall not be valid rmless notice

thereof is duly given in manner for the time being

required by law.

(2) Any such notice may, if the rating authority

think fit, be given either by affixing the notice at any

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1751

time within the said period of seven days on or near to the doors of churches and chapels in manner prescribed

by section two of the Parish Notices Act, 1837, or by

affixing the notice within the said period in some public

or conspicuous place or situation in each parish affected, or

by publishing the notice within the said period in one or

more newspapers circulating in the area of the authority,

and different methods of publication may he used as

respects different parts of the area of the rating authority.

(3) This section shall come into operation on the

appointed day.

7. —Cl) Information with respect to the following

matters shall be included in the demand note on which

the general rate is levied, that is to say—

(a) the situation of the hereditament in respect of

which the demand note is issued and such

description thereof reasonably necessary for

purposes of identification as may be prescribed;

(b) the rateable value, and, where it differs from the

rateable value, also the net annual value;

(c) the amount in the pound at which the rate is

charged;

(d) the period in respect of which the rate is made;

(e) the amounts in the pound which are being levied

for the purposes respectively of the rating

authority and of each authority by which a

precept has been issued to the rating authority;

(f) the amount, if any, in the pound which is being

levied as an additional item of the rate;

(g) the amounts in the pound which are being levied

for such of the principal services administered

respectively by the rating authority and the

authorities by which precepts have been issued

to the rating authority as may be prescribed.

(2) The information specified in paragraphs (a), (6)

(c) (d) and (<?) of subsection (1) of this section shall he

included in the demand note on which any special rate is

levied.

8. —(1) The rating authority may, if they think fit,

by resolution direct that an allowance by way of discount

not exceeding two and one-hall per centum shall be made

on the amount due in respect of any general rate from

every person who pays the net amount due before such

date as the rating authority shall prescribe:

7 Will. 4. &

1 Vict. c. 45.

Demand

notes for

rates.

Discount on

general rate.

1752

Provisions

as to precepts.

Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Provided that the said allowance—

(a) shall not be made where the person paying the

. rate is an owner who is entitled to any of the allowances for which provision is made

by section eleven of this Act; and

(b) shall be made at the same rate to all persons

entitled thereto.

(2) The rating authority may at any time revoke or

vary a resolution under this section. '

(3) While any resolution under this section is in

force, there shall be included in every demand note on

which the general rate is levied a statement of the effect

of the resolution.

9. —(1) As from the appointed day, any precept

issued by the council of a county which under any enactment or order in force immediately before that day is

required to be sent to a board of guardians and any

precept which under any such enactment or order is

required to be sent to overseers shall, instead of being so

sent, be sent to the rating authority.

(2) The provisions hereinafter in this subsection

contained shall have effect in relation to any precepts

issued by guardians in respect of any period beginning on

or after the appointed day, and by councils of counties in

respect of any period beginning on or after the first day

of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine :—

(a) Expenditure chargeable on two or more parishes

or other areas which would, if this Act had not

passed, have been chargeable in proportion to the yearly value of property therein shall not be

apportioned between those parishes or areas:

(h) The precept shall require the rating authority

of each rating area affected to levy—

(i) as part of the general rate, or as an

additional item of the general rate; or

(ii) during the period before the date on

which the provisions of this Part of this Act

relating to the making of a general rate come

into operation, as part of the poor rate or as

an additional item of the poor rate;

a rate of such an amount in the pound, being

(subject in the case of an urban rating area

to such adjustment as is hereinafter provided)

the same amount in the case of each rating

1925.

Rating and Valiuition

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1753

area affected, as may be specified in the precept,

and shall state the date or dates on or before

which payments are required to he made on

account of the rate levi^ in pursuance of the

precept and the amount of each such payment:

(c) Subject to the provisions of this section, the

amount due under a precept to the authority

by which it was issued shall be the amount

produced by the rate of the amount in the

poimd specified therein, and, the rating authority

shah, make payments in accordance with the

requirements of the precept on account of the

amount due thereunder:

Provided that, for the purpose of securing

that the basis on which the sums due under the

precept are to be ascertained shall be the same

for rural rating areas and urban rating areas,

the amount due under a precept shall, in the

case of an urban rating area, include a sum

equal to that by which the produce of the

rate would be increased if such of the reliefs

given by Part II. of the Second Schedule to

this Act as operate only in urban rating areas

were not so given, and the precept shall require

the rating authority to make provision accordingly for any such additional sum by increasing

as may be necessary the amount in the pound

of the rate which is required by the precept to

be levied:

(d) For the piupose of enabling councils of counties

and boards of guardians to issue their precepts

in manner required by this subsection, every

rating authority shall before the first day of

February in each year transmit to every county

council and board of guardians having power to

issue a precept to that rating authority an

estimate of the amount, calculated in the prescribed manuer, which would be produced in

the next financial year by a rate of a penny in

the pound levied in the rating area or part

thereof, as the case may be, if provision were

not made by the said Part II. of the Second

Schedule for any such relief as aforesaid which

operates only in an urban rating area, and the

aggregate amount of the payments required by

1754

Ch. 90.

61 & 62 Vict,

c. 41.

Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

the precept shall not exceed the sum which a

rate of the amount in the pound therein specified

would produce on the basis of the estimate for

that year:

Provided that, where a rating authority fails

to transmit an estimate to any precepting authority in accordance with the foregoing provisions,

the precepting authority may for the purposes

of this section make an estimate in lieu of the

rating authority:

(e) The precept must be issued, or information

as to the amomit in the pound of the rate

to be levied thereunder must be given, to

each rating authority affected not less than

twenty-one days before the beginning of the

financial year or the financial half-year, as

the case may be, in which the rate is to be

levied, and, for the purpose of enabling councils

of counties to comply with the provisions of this paragraph, the estimates to be submitted

to such councils under section seventy-four

of the Local Government Act, 1888, shall be

submitted before, instead of at the beginning

of, every financial year, and an estimate may

be revised upder subsection (3) of the said

section before the expiration, instead of at

the expiration, of the first six months of the

financial year;

(f) The amount due under a precept issued to

a rating authority shall be ascertained in the

prescribed manner, and, if that amount exceeds

the aggregate amount of the payments required

by the precept, the balance shall be paid by

the rating authority to the authority issuing

the precept, but, if that amotmt is less than

the aggregate amount of the payments required

by the precept, the balance shall be set off

against any amount required by the next

precept issued to the rating authority:

(g) Where the amount due under a precept, or any

part of that amount, is not paid on or before

the date specified in the precept for payment,

the authority by which the precept was issued

may, if they think fit, require the rating

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1755

authority to pay, in accordance with the

following provisions, interest on that amount,

or that part of the amount, and any interest so

payable shall be paid by the rating authority

to the authority by wWch the precept was

issued in like manner as if it were due under

the precept:

For the purpose of the foregoing provision,

interest shall be calculated at the rate of six per

cent, per annum and shall commence to run

from the date of payment specified in the

precept, except that no interest shall be charged

in respect of any day before the expiration of

six weeks from the commencement of the

financial year or financial half-year, as the case

may be, in respect of which the precept was

issued, or in respect of any day on which the

aggregate amount of any payments made under

the precept is equal to or exceeds the sum which

bears to the aggregate amount of the instalments required by the precept the same

proportion as the number of days which have

elapsed since the commencement of the said

financial year or half-year, as the case may be,

bears to the total number of days contained in

that year or half-year.

(3) Any other authority by which precepts are issued,

or any rating authority to which precepts are issued by

any such first-mentioned authority, may make and submit

to the Minister a scheme for applying to precepts issued

by or to that authority the provisions of the last preceding

subsection, subject to such modifications as may appear

to be necessary having regard to the basis of apportionment or the incidence of charge existing at the commencement of this Act, and the Minister may, after

giving any authorities concerned an opportunity of

objecting, by order confirm the scheme either without

modifications or subject to such modifications as he

thinks fit:

Provided that, if an objection to any such scheme is

made by any of the authorities concerned and is not

withdrawn, the order shall be provisional only and shall

not have effect unless and until confirmed by Parliament.

A scheme duly made, submitted and confirmed in

accordance with the provisions of this subsection shall.

1756

Ch. 90.

Unification

of funds and

accounts.

Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

subject to the provisions of the confirming order, have

effect as if enacted in this Act.

(4) Eules made for the purposes of this section—

(a) shall provide in what manner and to what

extent the cost of the collection of a rate,

including any allowances made under section

eight or section eleven of this Act, and losses

on collection are to he treated as deductions

in estimating and ascertaining the amount

produced by the rate; and

(6) shall make provision with respect to any other

matters for which it appears necessary to

make provision in order to carry this section

into effect.

(5) Every authority shall on issuing a precept supply

to the rating authority such information as is reasonably

necessary for the preparation of demand notes in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act.

10. —(1) As from the date on which the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to the making of a general

rate come into operation in a rating area, the rating

authority shall keep, in substitution for such of their then

existing rate funds as are being kept for the whole of the

area, one rate fund, which shall be termed " the general

rate fund, " and all such first-mentioned rate funds which

are being kept for the whole area on that date shall be

amalgamated into the general rate fund, and references in

any Act or document to the borough fund or district

fund or any other rate fund which by virtue of this

section has become amalgamated with the general rate

fund shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be

construed as references to the general rate fund,

(2) After the appointed day and subject as hereinafter provided, a raGng authority shall not, so far as

regards income which belongs to or expenditure which

is chargeable on the whole of the rating area, be required

to keep separate accounts for the parishes in their area,

and the coimcil of a county or a board of guardians

shall not, so far as regards income which belongs to or

expenditure which is chargeable on the whole of the

county or union, or the whole of any rating area in the

county, keep separate accounts for parishes, but shall

keep separate accounts for rating areas:

1925.

Bating and Valuation

Acti 1925.

Ch. 90.

1757

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect

the power of the Minister to make orders under section

five of the District Auditors Act, 1879, requiring separate 42 & 43 Vict,

accounts to he kept as regards income or expenditure 6-

which relates to part only of an area, doimty or union.

(3) Where any authority other than a rating authority

receives income applicable to the relief of rates in some

part of their area (not being a part of the area to which

expenditure properly incurred in connection therewith of

an equal or greater amount is chargeable separately),

that authority shall pay over the income so received (less

the amount of any expenses properly incurred in connection therewith) to the rating authority of the area in

which that part is situate to be credited to that part.

11.—(1) The rating authority may by resolution Ratin<j of,

direct that, in the case of all hereefitaments in their area uoliec-

(exclusive of hereditaments consisting of agricultural

land) which belong to a class to he defined in the resolution

by reference to rateable value and also, if rent is paid,

by reference to the interval at which rent from time to

time becomes payable or is collected, the owners thereof

shall be rated instead of the occupiers;

Provided that the class shall not be so defined as to

include any hereditament the rent of which becomes

payable or is collected at quarterly or any longer

intervals or the rateable value of which exceeds

thirteen pounds, or, in the case of any area in which,

at the passing of this Act, a higher limit of value is in

force for the purposes of section three of the Poor Rate 32 & 33 Vict,

Assessment and Collection Act, 1869, that higher limit. ''*•41.

Where a rating authority give any such direction as

aforesaid—

(a) the owners of any hereditaments in the area of

that authority to which the direction applies

shall, in the case of any rate made while the

resolution is in force, be rated accordingly, and

the rating authority shall make to any owner

who being so rated pays the amount due by

him in respect of the rate before the expiration

of one-half of the period in respect of which

the rate is made (or, if the rate is payable by

instalments one half of the period in respect of

which the instalment is payable) or such later

date or dates as may be specified in the

1758 Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

resolution an allowance equal to ten per cent,

of the amount payable; and

(&) the rating authority, if they are the owners of

any such hereditaments as aforesaid, shall in

the case of any hereditament which is of a

rateable value not exceeding that specified in

the resolution and which is occupied by the

owner, make to the owner (subject to the

amount of the rate chargeable in respect of the hereditament being paid by the owner

within the time fixed by the foregoing paragraph) an allowance, corresponding to the

amoimt, if any, passed on by the authority

to the occupiers of hereditaments owned by

them in respect of the allowance to which the

authority are entitled under this subsection,

and, unless the contrary is proved, an amount

not less than five per cent, of the amount

payable in respect of rates shall be deemed to

have been so passed on by the authority.

(2) The owner of any hereditaments to which this

subsection applies, that is to say, hereditaments the

rent of which becomes payable or is collected at intervals

shorter than quarterly, may, by agreement in writing

with the rating authority, undertake in respect of any such

hereditament either—

(a) that he wiU pay the rates chargeable in respect

thereof, whether it is occupied or not; or

(b) that he will, so long as the hereditament is

occupied, pay the rates chargeable in respect

thereof; or

(c) that he will on behalf of the authority collect the

rates due from the occupier thereof,

and the authority may agree, where the owner so undertakes and pays over to the authority on or before the

date or dates specified in the agreement the amounts

payable by him thereunder, to make to him an allowance

not exceeding in the case of an undertaking under paragraph (a) fifteen per cent., in the case of an undertaking

under paragraph (6) seven and one-half per cent., and in

the case of an undertaking under paragraph (c) five per

cent.

An allowance made under this subsection in respect

of any hereditament to an owner who is rated imder the

preceding subsection shall be in substitution for any

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1759

allowance to which he might otherwise have been

entitled in respect of that hereditament under the

preceding subsection.

(3) An agreement entered into under this section

shall continue in force until determined by notice given

either by the rating authority to the owner or by the

owner to the rating authority and, in the event of a

change in the ownership of any hereditament while the

agreement is in force, shall continue to be binding on the

new owner as if it had been made with him.

A notice for the purposes of this subsection, or a

resolution of the rating authority rescinding a previous

resolution under subsection (1) of this section, shall

take effect only on the expiration of a period in respect

of which a rate is made, and in the case of a notice must

be given before the commencement of the period on the

expiration of which it is to take effect.

(4) Where in pursuance of this section the owner

is rated or has undertaken to pay or collect the rates

charged in respect of any hereditament, the amount due

from him in respect of the rates shall be recoverable by

the rating authority from him or, where the rates are

collected by an agent of his, either from him or from

that agent, in the same manner and subject to the same

conditions in and subject to which rates are recoverable

from occupiers of rated hereditaments.

(5) In the case of an undertaking by an owner to

collect rates on behalf of the rating authority, the amount

due from the owner shall be taken to be an amount

which bears to the total amount of the rates due the

same proportion as the aggregate amount actually

collected by him in respect of rent and rates bears to the aggregate amount due in respect thereof.

Unless the undertaking by the owner to collect rates

expressly so provides, the expression "rates due " shall

not, for the purposes of the provisions of this section

relating to an undertaking by an owner to collect rates,

include rates accruing due before the date on which the

undertaking comes into operation, nor for the purposes

of this subsection shall account be taken of rent which

accrued due before that date.

(6) Every owner who is rated under this section

instead of the occupier, or who enters into an agreement

with a rating authority under this section, shall from

time to time on demand deliver to the rating authority

1760 Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

a list of the occupiers of the hereditaments in respect of

which he is so rated or has so agreed, and such particulars

with respect to the periods for which any of those hereditaments have been unoccupied, and with respect to the

amounts which he has failed to collect from the occupiers,

as the authority may require for the pmpose of enabling

them to determine what amount is properly due from

the owner under this section, and if any such owner

refuses or neglects to comply with the provisions of this

subsection, or knowingly delivers to the rating authority

particulars which are untrue in any material respect, he

shall, in respect of each offence, be Hable on summary

conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and, in

the case of refusal or neglect to deliver particulars, to a

further penalty not exceeding one pound for each day

during which the offence continues after conviction

therefor.

(7) Sections seven, eight, twelve, and nineteen of the

Poor Kate Assessment and Collection Act, 1869 (which

relate respectively to the constructive payment of rates,

the power of occupiers to deduct from rent the amount

of rates unpaid by owners, the recovery of rates unpaid

by owners and the insertion of the names of occupiers in

the rates), shall have effect for the purposes of this

section as if they were therein re-enacted and in terms

made applicable to the provisions thereof.

(8) Every owner who is rated under this section

instead of the occupier, or who enters into an agreement

with the rating authority under this section, in respect

of any hereditaments shall, without prejudice to the rights

of the occupier of any of those hereditaments, be treated

in relation to any right of appeal to quarter sessions

against a rate and for the purpose of the provisions of

Part II. of this Act relating to objections, appeals and

proposals as standing in the same position as the occupier.

(9) Any owner who under subsection (1) of this

section pays any rate which, as between the owner and

the occupier, the occupier is liable to pay, shall be entitled

to be reimbursed by the occupier the amount so paid.

(10) The provisions of this section shall come into

operation in any rating area on the date of the first new

valuation and shall have effect in substitution for the

provisions contained in sections three and four of the

Poor Rate Assessment and Collection Act, 1869, and

paragraph (a) of subsection (I) of section two hundred

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1761

and eleven of the Public Health Act, 1875, and, unless

the rating authority concerned otherwise resolve, for any

provisions contained in any local Act with respect to the

rating of owners instead of occupiers, and as from the said

date all resolutions, agreements, and notices then in

force under any such provisions as aforesaid shall,

subject as aforesaid, cease to have effect.

(11) For the purposes of this section the expression

" owner, " in relation to a hereditament means the person

who is, or if the hereditament were occupied would be,

entitled to receive the rent payable in respect thereof, or

where the hereditament is occupied free of rent the

person by whose permission it is so occupied.

12.—(1) Every local authority shall make such rates

or issue such precepts as will be sufficient to provide

for such part of the total estimated expenditure to be

incurred by the authority during the period in respect of

which the rate is made or precept is issued as is to be met

out of moneys raised by rates, including in that expenditure any sums payable to any other authority under precepts issued by that authority, together with such additional

amount as is in the opinion of the authority required to

cover expenditure previously incurred (whether within six

months before the making of the rate or issue of the

precept, as the case may be, or not), or to meet contingencies or to defray any expenditure which may fall

to be defrayed before the date on which the moneys

to be received in respect of the next subsequent rate

or precept will become available.

(2) The treasurer of a local authority may at any

time advance to the authority any sum which the

authority may temporarily require and which—

(a) they are at that time authorised to raise by

loan; or

(&) they require for the purpose of defraying expenses pending the receipt of rates and revenues

receivable by them in respect of the period of

account in which those expenses are chargeable;

and the authority may pay interest at a reasonable rate

on any advance so made.

(3) Any loss represented by any such charge for

interest or any loss of interest, shall, if it arises from

failure through vrilful neglect or wilful default to

make or collect such rates or to issue such precepts

5T

Power and

duty to make

sufficient

rates, &c.

Ch. 90.

1762

Bating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

as are necessary to cover the expenditure of the

authority for any financial year (including any expenditure incurred in any previous year and not covered by

rates previously levied), he deemed to he a loss within

7 & 8 Vict, the meaning of section thirty-two of the Poor Law

c. 101 . Amendment Act, 1814, and subsection (7) of section

two hundred and forty-seven of the Public Health Act,

1875.

(4) This section shall have effect as from the

appointed day.

Power for

securing

payment of

precepts.

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 83.

13. —(1) Where in pursuance of a precept issued by

an authority (in this section referred to as " the precepting

authority "), after the passing of this Act, any amount is

payable directly or indirectly by a rating authority to the precepting authority and, on an application for a

certificate by the precepting authority made after twenty-

one days’ notice given to the rating authority, the Minister

isj satisfied that the rating authority have refused or

through wilful neglect or wilful default failed to raise

that amount by a rate, or that, having raised the amount

by a rate, the rating authority have refused or through *

wilful neglect or wilful default failed to pay the amount

due under the precept, the Minister may issue a certificate

to that effect and thereupon—

(a) the precepting authority shall have the like

power of applying for a receiver; and

(i) a receiver may on such an application he

appointed in like manner, and when appointed

shall have the like power

as if

(i) the precepting authority were a secured creditor

of the rating authority for the amount due

under the precept, with interest thereon at

the rate of six per cent, per annum from the

date when the amount became payable under

the precept; and

(ii) the said amount and interest were due under a

security issued under the Local Loans Act, 1875,

charging them on the rates leviable by and on

all other property of the rating authority; and

(iii) the conditions under which a receiver may in such

a case he appointed under section twelve of that

Act were fulfilled;

and the said section shall apply accordingly.

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1763

(2) If the Minister so thinks fit, an application under

this section may he made by him instead of by the

precepting authority.

(3) The powers of this section shall he in addition to

and not in derogation of any other powers for enforcing

compliance with a precept issued to a rating authority.

14. No appeal against a rate shall lie to quarter

sessions in respect of any matter in respect of which

relief might have been or might he obtained under the

provisions of Part II. of this Act by means of an objection

to the draft valuation list or to any alteration, insertion or

correction made therein or by means of a proposal for the

amendment of the current valuation list.

15. —(1) Where the rates due from the person rated

for any hereditament, are in arrear, it shall be lawful

for the rating authority to serve upon any person paying

rent in respect of that hereditament, or any part thereof,

to the person from whom the arrears are due, a notice

stating the amount of such arrears of rates and requiring

. all future payments of rent (whether the same have

already accrued due or not) by the person paying the

rent to be made direct to the rating authority until such

arrears shall have been duly paid, and such notice

shall, subject as hereinafter provided, operate to transfer

to the rating authority the right to recover, receive,

and give a discharge for such rent:

Provided that the right of the rating authority to

recover, receive and give a discharge for any rent as

aforesaid shall be postponed to any right in respect of

that rent which may at any time be vested in a

superior landlord by virtue of a notice imder section six

of the Law of Distress (Amendment) Act, 1908.

(2) This section shall have effect as from the

appointed day.

(3) In this section the expression "rent " includes a

payment made by a lodger.

Part II.

Valuation.

Areas and Authorities.

16. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act county boroughs and such other areas as may be

5T 2

Limitation

of light to

appeal to

quarter

sessions

against rate.

Recovery of

rates from

tenants and

lodgers.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 53,

Assessment

areas.

1764

Ch. 90.

Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

constituted by schemes made under this section shall he

assessment areas for the purposes of this Part of this Act.

(2) As soon as may he after the passing of this Act

the council of every county shall, after consultation with

the authorities of the rating areas in the county and with

the hoards of guardians of the poor law unions situate

wholly or partly in the county, make and submit to the Minister a scheme for the constitution of assessment areas

consisting of one or more rating areas.

(3) Any two or more councils, whether councils of

counties or county boroughs, may make and submit to the Minister a joint scheme for the constitution of assessment

areas.

(4) A copy of any scheme submitted to the Minister

under subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section

shall be forwarded forthwith by the council or councils

submitting the scheme to the authorities of the rating

areas and the boards of guardians of the poor law

unions affected thereby.

(5) As soon as a scheme has been submitted to the Minister under this section, the council or councils sub- '

mitting the scheme shall publish in one or more newspapers circulating in their area or areas a notice stating

that the scheme has been so submitted and that a copy

thereof is open to inspection at a specified place.

(6) No scheme submitted to the Minister under this

section shall be of any effect \mless and until it is

approved by the Minister, and the Minister, after considering any representations with respect to the scheme

which may be submitted to him by rating and other

local authorities and any other interested parties (which

representations rating and other local authorities and any

other interested parties are hereby authorised to make),

may approve the scheme with or without modifications.

(7) If the coomcil of any coimty fails to submit to the Minister within six months after the passing of this Act a scheme for the constitution of assessment areas,

the Minister may himseK make a scheme for the purpose

after consultation with the councils and boards of guardians

concerned.

(8) Any scheme made under this section may he

revoked or varied—

(a) by a new scheme made and submitted to and

approved by the Minister in accordance with the

1925.

Ch. 90.

1765

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925.

provisions (subject to any necessary modifications) of subsections (2), (3), (4), (5) and (6) of this section; or

(b) by a new scheme made by the Minister on a

representation made by any assessment committee

or rating authority and after consultation with

the councils and boards of guardians concerned.

(9) Before a scheme is made by the hlinister under

this section, he shall publish in one or more newspapers

circulating in the areas to which the scheme relates, a

notice stating his proposal to make the scheme, and that

a copy of the draft scheme is open to inspection at a

specified place and specifying a date by which any

persons affected may send to him representations with

respect to the draft scheme.

(10) In making schemes under this section regard

shall be had to the population and rateable value of the rating areas which will be affected by the scheme

and to the desirability that each assessment area shall

have an administrative centre which is appropriate for the

carrying out of the work of assessment in the area and

convenient for the attendance of the persons interested

therein, and that suitable premises for the transaction of the business of the assessment committee for the assessment area shall be available without unnecessary expenditure.

17 .-(1)There shall he an assessment committee for

every assessment area.

(2) The assessment committee for an assessment area

shall, in the case of an assessment area being a county

borough, be appointed as soon as may be after the passing

of this Act, and in the case of any other assessment area

shall be appointed as soon as may be after the assessment

area has been constituted, and as from the appointed day

assessment committees shall exercise such powers and

perform such duties as are conferred on them by this Act, and all assessment committees constituted under the

Union Assessment Acts, 1862 to 1880, shall cease to

exist.

(3) In the case of an assessment area being a county

borough, the assessment committee shall consist of such

number of persons to be appointed by the council of the

borough as may be determined by the council, and of the

persons to be so appointed not less than one-quarter shall

Assessment

committees.

1766

County

valuation

committees.

Ch. 90, Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

9

be persons appointed to represent the boards of guardians

of any unions any parts of which are comprised in the

area of the borough and not less than one-fifth shall be

persons who are neither members of the council of the

borough nor members of any such board of guardians as

aforesaid.

The persons appointed as aforesaid to represent boards

of guardians shall be persons nominated by the boards.

(4) In the case of any other assessment area the

assessment committee shall consist of persons to be

appointed by the following authorities, being authorities

whose area or any part of whose area is comprised in the

assessment area, that is to say, rating authorities, boards

of guardians and the councils of counties, and the proportion in which the said authorities shall be represented

shall be determined by the scheme constituting the area.

(5) The provisions contained in the Pirst Schedule

to this Act shall have effect with respect to assessment

committees.

18.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act

there shall be established in every county a committee of the county council (to be called the county valuation

committee ") consisting of such number of persons, being

members of the coimcil of the county, as the council may

think fit to appoint and of a representative of the assessment committee for each assessment area which, or any

part of which, is comprised in the area of [the county to

be nominated by the assessment committee.

(2) It shall be the duty of every county valuation

committee to take such steps as the committee think fit

for promoting uniformity in the principles and practice of

valuation and assisting rating authorities and assessment

committees in the performance of their functions under

this Part of this Act, and for the purpose of the performance of the said duty the committee shall have

power, either alone or in conjunction with county

valuation committees for other counties, to hold conferences with persons representing assessment committees (including assessment committees for county

boroughs), and to bring to the notice of any rating

authorities or assessment committees any conclusions

arrived at or recommendations made by the committee or

at any such conference.

1925. Rating and Valuation Ch. 90. 1767

Act, 1925.

(3) A county valuation committee may, either alone

or in conjunction with any rating authority, assessment

committee or other county valuation committee, appear

as a party to any objection or appeal under this Part of this - Act:

Provided that the committee shall not he entitled so

to appear in opposition to any objection made or appeal

brought by the occupier of the hereditament affected

unless not less than three days before the date of the

hearing of the objection or, in the case of an appeal,

such longer period as may be required by the rules

relating to appeals, the committee have given notice in

writing to the occupier stating their intention so to appear and the grounds of their opposition or the representations which they propose to make at the hearing.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in this section, subsections (1) and (2) of section eighty-two of the Local

Government Act, 1888 (which relates to the proceedings

of committees appointed by county councils), shall apply

in relation to the county valuation committee, and subsection (3) of section eighty of the said Act shall apply in

relation to expenditure incurred or to be incurred in

connection with the exercise by the committee of its

functions as it applies to any other expenditure of a

county council.

Valuation Lists.

19.-(1) A new valuation list shall be made in Making and

accordance with this Part of this Act for every rating area operation of

so as to come into force either on the first day of April, Usts

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, or the first day of April,

nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, and a second new

valuation list shall be so made so as to come into force for

every such area on the first day of April, in the year

nineteen hundred and thirty-two, the year nineteen

hundred and thirty-three, or the year nineteen hundred

and thirty-four, and thereafter new valuation lists

shall be made from time to time so that the interval

between the dates on which one valuation list and the

next succeeding valuation list respectively come into force

shah, be a period of five years:

Provided that the Minister may by order—

(a) on the application of the assessment committee

for any assessment area, extend or reduce by

1768

Ch. 90.

Effect of

valuation

list.

10 Edw. 7.

and 1 Geo. 5

c. 24.

Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

six months the interval which would otherwise

elapse between the coming into force of any

two successive valuation lists for any rating

area, and may for that ptirpose substitute the

first day of October for the first day of April,

and (in the case of such a substitution having

been made) thereafter substitute the first day

of April for the first day of October, as the

date on which a new valuation list is to come

into force; and

(6) on the application of any rating authority made

with the concurrence of the assessment committee, divide the rating area into parts for

the purposes of a new valuation list and determine the years in which the next following

valuation list for each of such parts respectively shall be made in pursuance of such

order aad come into force.

(2) Subject to the provisions of any such order as

aforesaid, every new valuation list shall come into force

on the first day of April next following the date on which

it is finally approved by the assessment committee, and

shall, subject to the provisions of this Act (including

the provisions with respect to the. alteration of and the

making of additions to the valuation list), remain in force

until it is superseded by a new valuation list.

(3) The question as to the year in which the first or

the second new valuation list for any area is to come into

force shall be determined by the assessment committee

after consultation with the rating authority.

20.—(1) For the purpose of every rate as defined

by this Act, and for the purpose of determining the

annual value of premises under the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, or under the enactments relating to the qualification of a manager of a school or asylum

district, or, save as hereinafter mentioned, of a juror, the

valuation list as in force at the time when the rate is

made or the value of the premises is to be determined,

shall be conclusive evidence of the values of the several

hereditaments included in the list:

Provided that, for the purposes of determining the

qualification of a special juror, the rateable value of

premises shall be taken to be the net annual value as

appearing in the list.

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925.

Ch. 90.

1769

(2) Where for the purposes of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, it is necessary to make a separate

valuation of any hereditament by reason of its not being

separately valued in any valuation list, the value of that

hereditament shall be ascertained in the same manner as

if this Act had not passed.

21 . —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, there

shall be inserted in the valuation list such particulars

with respect to every hereditament in the rating area and

the value thereof as may be prescribed.

(2) The particulars with respect to each parish in

the rating area shall be set out in a separate division

of the valuation list.

22. —(1) For the purposes of the first new valuation

list to be prepared under this Act and of any subsequent

valuation list the rateable value of a hereditament shall

be ascertained as follows:—

(a) If the hereditament belongs to one of the classes

specified in the first column of the table

contained in Part I. of the Second Schedule to

this Act, there shall be deducted from the gross

value of the hereditament an amount representing

the deduction specified with respect to hereditaments of that class in the second column of the

said table, and also, in the case of a hereditament

subject to any rate, charge, or assessment made

by any commissioners of sewers or other like

authority in respect of any drainage, wall,

embankment, or other work for the benefit of the hereditament (not being a usual tenant’s

rate), such further amount as represents the

average annual amount of that rate, charge, or

assessment, and the gross value as so reduced is

in this Act referred to as the net annual value:

(b) If the hereditament is not such a hereditament

as is mentioned in paragraph (a), there shall be

estimated the rent at which the hereditament

might reasonably be expected to let from year

to year if the tenant undertook to pay all usual

tenant’s rates and taxes and tithe rentcharge,

if any, and to bear the cost of the repairs and

insurance and the other expenses, if any, necessary to maintain the hereditament in a state

Contents of

valuation

list.

Ascertain '

ment of

rateable

value.

1770

Ch. 90.

59 & 60 Vict,

e. 16.

13 & 14 Geo.

5. c. 39.

Rating ayid Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

to command that rent, and the annual rent as

so estimated shall, for the purposes of this Part

of this Act, he taken to he the net annual value

of the hereditament:

(e) The rateable value of a hereditament shall he

taken to he the net annual value thereof as ascertained under paragraph (a) or paragraph (6), as

the ease may be, except that if the hereditament

belongs to one of the classes specified in the first

column of the table contained in Part II. of the

said Schedule, its rateable value shall be taken

to be the amount produced by making from the

net annual value such deduction as is specified

with respect to hereditaments of that class in

the second column of the said table:

(d) if the amount of the net annual value and of the rateable value, in a case where those

values are the same, or in any other case the

amount of the rateable value, includes a

fraction of a pound, the amount of both those

values or of the rateable value, as the case

may be, shall be increased or reduced, as the

case may be, to the nearest complete pound, or

if the fraction is ten > shfilings the fraction

shall be disregarded.

(2) As from the date of the first new valuation

any deduction made in pm’suance of the provisions

of Part II. of the said Schedule from the net annual

value of agricultxiral land shall, so far as it affects

the raising of money which if this Act had not passed

would have been raised by rates to which the Agricultural

Rates Acts, 189G and 1923 apply, be treated for the

purposes of those Acts as if it were the relief from rates

for which provision is made by those Acts, and, subject as

aforesaid, any deduction made in pursuance of the provisions of the said Part II. from the net annual value

of any hereditament shall for all purposes be taken

to be in substitution for any corresponding relief in respect

of rating to which the occupier of that hereditament

would have been entitled under the Acts relating to the

public health, or any local Act, or otherwise, if this Act

had not passed.

(3) The provisions set out in Part III. of the said

Schedule shall have effect in relation to the deductions

to be made under this section.

1925.

Bating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1771

23. —(1) Where a building which was constructed or Assessment

has been adapted for the purposes of a single dwelling- of certain

house, or as to part thereof for such purpose, and as to occupieTin

the remainder thereof for any purpose other than that parts.

of a dwelling or residence, is occupied in parts, the rating

authority or the assessment committee in preparing, or

revising a draft valuation hst, or in amending a current

valuation hst may, if they think fit, having regard to

aU the circumstances of the case, including the extent,

if any, to which the parts separately occupied have been

severed by structural alterations, treat the building or

any portion thereof as a single hereditament, and a

builduig or portion of a building so treated as a single

hereditament shall, for the purposes of rating, be deemed

to be a single hereditament in the occupation of the

person who receives the rents payable in respect of the parts.

(2) This section shah have effect in any area for

the purpose of the making of the first new valuation

list under this Act for that area and for the purpose

of the revision of that list and the making or revision

of any subsequent list, but shall not have effect for

the purpose of the ipaking or revision of any other

valuation Hst.

24. -(l) Tor the purpose of the making or revision Valuation

of valuation lists under this Part of this Act, the following beredita-

provisions shall have effect with respect to the valuation

of any hereditament other than a hereditament the value machinery

of which is ascertained by reference to the accounts, and plant,

receipts or profits of the undertaking carried on

therein:—

(a) All such plant or machinery in or on the hereditament as belongs to any of the classes specified

in the Third Schedule to this Act shall be

deemed to be a part of the hereditament:

(b) Subject as aforesaid, no account shall be taken

of the value of any plant or machinery in or

on the hereditament.

(2) The rating authority or the assessment committee,

as the case may require, shall, on being so required in

initing by the occupier of any hereditament, furnish to

him particulars in writing showing what machinery or

plant, or whether any particular machinery or plant, has

1772 Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

been treated in pursuance of the provisions of this section

as forming part of the hereditament.

(3) For the purpose of enabling all persons concerned

to have precise information as to what machinery and

plant falls within the classes specified in the said Third

Schedule, there shall be constituted a committee consisting of five persons to be appointed by the Minister,

and the said committee shall as soon as may be after the

passing of this Act prepare a statement setting out in

detail all the machinery and plant which appears to the

committee to fall within any of the classes specified in

the said schedule.

(4) The committee shall as soon as the said statement

has been prepared transmit it to the Minister, who shall

cause it to be published in such manner as he thinks fit.

(5) The Minister, after considering the statement and

any representations which may be made to him with

respect thereto, may, if he thinks fit, make an order

confirming it, with or without modifications, and, subject

as hereinafter provided, the statement as confirmed by

the order shall for all purposes have effect as if it were

substituted for the Third Schedule to this Act.

The order confirming the statpment shall as soon as

may be after it is made be laid before both Houses of

Parliament, and if eitjiier House within the next subsequent twenty days on which that House has sat next

after the order is laid before it presents an Address to

His Majesty against the order, or any part thereof, the

order, or that part of the order, shall thenceforth be void,

but without prejudice to the validity of anything done

thereunder and without prejudice to the making of a

new order.

(6) The statement confirmed as aforesaid shall be

revised at such intervals as the Minister may direct, and

the provisions of subsections (4) and (5) of this section

shall, subject to the necessary modifications, have effect

in relation to the revised statement as they have effect

in relation to the original statement, except that a revised

statement shall (subject to the provisions contained in

subsection (5) with respect to the presentation of an

Address to His Majesty) come into operation on such date

as may be specified in the confirming order.

(7) For the purposes of this section there shall be

constituted a panel of referees, and if on or in connection

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1773

with any objection or proposal made or appeal brought

under this Part of this Act a question is raised whether

any particular plant or machinery falls within any of the

classes or descriptions specified in the confirmed statement,

that question may, with the consent in writing of the

parties to the proceedings, he referred by the assessment

committee or court, as the case may be, to and determined

by such member of the panel as may he agreed on by the

parties or, in default of agreement, as may he selected in

accordance with rules made under this section.

(8) The said panel shall consist of persons to he

appointed by the Lord Chief Justice of England, and the

Lord Chief Justice may make rules fixing the fees to he

charged in respect of proceedings before a referee and

with respect to the procedure on and in connection with

references under this section and with respect to the

selection of a referee in cases where the parties fail to

agree as to the member of the panel to be appointed, and

provision may be made by the rules for applying to

references under this section (subject to the express

provisions thereof) any of the provisions of the Arbitration 52 & 53 Vict.

Act, 1889, but except in so far as it may be so applied, '1^-

that Act shall not apply to references under this section.

(9) A referee under this section may, and shall if so

required by any party to the reference, before making

his award inspect the plant or machinery in respect of

which the question arises, and the award of the referee

shall be final and conclusive.

(10) Nothing in this section shall affect the law or

practice with regard to the valuation of hereditaments the

value of which is ascertained by reference to the accounts,

receipts or profits of an undertaking carried on therein, or

be taken to extend the class of property which is under

the law and practice as in force at the commencement of this Act deemed to be provided by the occupier and to form

part of his capital.

Preparation of Valuation Lists.

25.—(1) "Where the rating authority of any area have Making of

in pursuance of the provisions of this Part of this Act draft ralna-

isBued notices requiring returns in connection with the

making of a new valuation list under this Part of this Act,

the authority shall, as soon as may be after the expiration of the period allowed for the delivery of the returns.

1774

Ch. 90.

Objections to

draft valuation list.

Revision of

draft valuation list bj

assessment

committee.

Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

cause to be prepared a draft valuation list (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the draft list ") for their area.

(2) The rating authority shall, as soon as may he after

the draft list has been prepared, cause it to be signed

by their clerk and to be deposited in accordance with

the provisions of this Part of this Act, and a copy

thereof to be transmitted forthwith to the assessment

committee.

(3) The rating authority in preparing the draft list

shall comply with all such directions as may be given by

the assessment committee for the purpose of carrying into

effect the provisions of this Part of this Act with respect

to the procedure for the preparation of the valuation list.

(4) The provisions contained in Part I. of the Fourth

Schedule to this Act shall apply with respect to the

deposit, inspection, transmission and notification of draft

lists.

26. —(1) Any person (including the county valuation

committee and any local authority) aggrieved by the

incorrectness or unfairness of any matter in the draft

list, or by the insertion therein or omission therefrom

of any matter, or by the valuation as a single hereditament of a building or a portion of a building occupied in

parts, or otherwise with respect to the list, may in accordance with the provisiohs of this Part of this Act lodge an

objection with the assessment committee at any time

before the expiration of twenty-five days from the date on

which the draft list was deposited.

(2) Where a rating area has been divided into parts

for the purpose of a new valuation list a person shall not

be deemed to be aggrieved in respect of the valuation of

any hereditament in one of those parts by reason of any

disparity between the valuation of that hereditament

and the valuation of any hereditament situated in a part

of the area the new valuation list for which is to be made

in a subsequent year.

(3) The provisions contained in Part II. of the

Fom’th Schedule to this Act shall apply with respect to

notices of objections.

27. —(1) The assessment committee shall hold

meetings for considering any objections made to the,

draft list in accordance with the provisions of this Part

of this Act, and on the consideration of any objection

1925.

Bating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1775

the objector, the rating authority, the county valuation

committee, and the occupier of the hereditament to which

the objection relates shall be entitled to appear and to be

heard, and to examine any witness before the assessment

committee and to call witnesses:

Provided that the assessment committee may at any

such meeting consider any objection, although notice

thereof has not been given in accordance with this Act,

if the persons to whom copies of the notice of objection

are required by this Act to be given consent to the

consideration of the objection.

(2) On their revision of the draft list the assessment

committee may, subject to the provisions of this Act,

make such alterations, insertions and corrections in the

list, whether for the purpose of meeting an objection or

for any other reason as they think proper:

Provided that any person aggrieved by any alteration, insertion or correction made in the draft list by the

assessment committee otherwise than in determining an

objection may, in accordance with the provisions of this

Part of this Act, lodge an objection with the assessment

committee at any time within fourteen days after the date

on which notice of the alteration, insertion or correction is

served on him.

(3) The provisions contained in Part III. of the

Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with

respect to the time at which meetings for considering

objections are to be held, the notice of those meetings and

the proceedings in connection therewith.

28.—(1) The assessment committee shall, in any Final

case not later than the thirty-first day of January or the "pproyal of

thirty-first day of July, as the case may he, in the

year in which under the foregoing provisions of this Act

the valuation list is to come into force, or if all objections

(other than objections the hearing of which has been

postponed at the request of any party thereto) have been

previously heard and determined, as soon as may be after

the objections have been so heard and determined, finally

approve the draft list, and append to the draft list so

approved a declaration of approval and certificate of compliance with this Part of this Act, signed by three

members of the committee present at the meeting at

which the list is so approved, and shall forthwith after

1776

Ch. 90.

Record of

totals.

Correction

of clerical

errors.

Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

approving the list cause it to he transmitted to the rating

authority of the district, and send to the clerk of the

peace for every county or borough having a separate court

of quarter sessions in which any part of the rating area is

comprised a notification of the approval of the draft list

and of the date of the approval.

(2) Before approving the draft list the assessment

committee shall cause such particulars with respect to

totals of values as may be prescribed, both in respect of the whole rating area and also in respect of any parish

or other area which is liable to be charged separately

under any precept or to hear any special expenses, to

be ascertained and inserted in the list.

(3) The draft list for any rating area finally

approved and sent to the rating authority as aforesaid

shall, subject to any alterations made in accordance with

this Part of this Act, be the valuation list for the rating

area and shall come into force on such date as is provided by this Part of this Act, and the valuation list in

force shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to

have been duly made in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act.

(4) The rating authority on receiving the list shall

deposit it at the offices of the authority.

(5) The rating authority shall give effect to any

directions which may from time to time be given to them

by the assessment committee in pursuance of the

provisions of this Part of this Act authorising or requiring

assessment committees to make corrections or alterations

in valuation lists.

29 . Every assessment committee shall cause to be

kept a record of such particulars with respect to totals

of values as may be prescribed for every rating area in

the assessment area, and for every other area therein in

the case of which total values are required to be inserted

in the valuation list.

30 . An assessment committee may at any time cause

to be corrected any clerical or arithmetical error in a

valuation list, and the valuation list shall have effect

accordingly, but if the correction is made in respect of

any matter other than totals, the committee shall before

making the correction send notice thereof to the occupier

of the hereditament affected and to the rating authority of the rating area, and shall allow seven days to

Ch. 90.

1777

1925. Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925.

elapse for the making of any objection to the proposed

correction.

Appeals.

31 . —(1) Any person who appeared before the assessment committee on the consideration of an objection made

before the committee under this Part of this Act may, if

he is aggrieved by the decision of the committee on the

objection, appeal against the decision, in manner provided

by this Part of this Act, to the court of quarter sessions

for the county or place where the hereditament to which

the objection related is situate.

(2) Any person on whom a copy of a notice of an

appeal to a court of quarter sessions under this Part of this Act is required to be served may, if he thinks fit,

appear as respondent to the appeal:

Provided that—

(a) in any case where there is more than one respondent to an appeal, no order shall be made

against the appellant for the payment of the

costs of more than one of the respondents, and

if costs are ordered to be paid to the appellant,

the court may apportion those costs among

■ the several respondents in such manner as the

court thinks just; and

(i) where the appellant is the county valuation

committee or a local authority, the occupier

of the hereditament to which the appeal

relates may at any time before the hearing of the appeal instead of appearing as respondent

give notice to the court that he desires to be

called as a witness in the case, and if he gives

such a notice shall, unless called as a witness

by any party to the appeal be called by the

court as a witness and may be cross-examined

by or on behalf of any party to the appeal.

(3) The provisions contained in Part I. of the Fifth

Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to

notices of appeal to quarter sessions.

(4) On an appeal rmder this section the court shall,

as it thinks just, either confirm the valuation list or alter

the valuation list to give effect to the contention of the

appellant so far as that contention appears to the court to

be well founded.

Appeal to

quarter

sessions.

5U

1778

Ch. 90.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

12 & 13 Vict,

c. 45.

(6) On the determination of an appeal under this

section any party to the appeal may, if dis-satisfied with

the decision of the court as being erroneous in point of

law, make an application in writing at any time within

twenty-one days after the date of the decision to have a

case stated for the opinion of the High Court on the point

of law, and the court shall, unless it is of opinion that the

application is frivolous, state a case accordingly:

Provided that the court may impose such conditions

as it thinks fit with respect to the payment of the costs

of and in connection with all or any of the stages of the

case by the party by whom the application for the case

was made, having regard to the importance of the question of law involved from the point of view of the several

parties to the proceedings.

(6) Sections twelve, thirteen and fourteen of the

Quarter Sessions Act, 1849 (which relate to arbitration),

shall not apply in the case of an appeal under this

section, hut the appellant and the persons who have given

notice of intention to appear as respondents to the

appeal may agree in writing either to refer the matter

in dispute, or any question or issue arising therein, to

arbitration in accordance with the provisions contained

in Part II. of the Fifth Schedule to this Act, or to appoint

a person to value any hereditament, or any part thereof,

and to accept the valuation made by that person as

binding for the purposes of the appeal and to treat the

costs of and incidental to the valuation as part of the

costs of the appeal.

(7) Any award of an arbitrator and any judgment

of a superior court with respect to an appeal under this

Part of this Act (whether upon a case stated by a court

of quarter sessions or by the parties or by an arbitrator,

or upon an application for a writ of certiorari or otherwise)

may be enrolled at quarter sessions upon the application

of any party interested therein, and thereupon quarter

sessions shall cause such order to he issued as may be

necessary to give effect thereto.

(8) A writ of certiorari for questioning any decision

of a court of quarter sessions on an appeal under this Act

shall be sued out within three months after the decision

is given.

(9) Any officer of an assessment committee, rating

authority, or county valuation committee acting under

any special or general resolution of the committee or

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1779

authority may authorise the institution, carrying on or

defence of any proceedings in relation to the valuation

list which the committee or authority are themselves

authorised to institute, carry on. or defend,

(10) Where the decision on an appeal under this

section or any award of an arhitratoi* or judgment of a

superior court which has been enrolled at quarter sessions

involves an alteration of the valuation list, the clerk of the court shall send to the county valuation committee

and the assessment committee a statement in writing

signed by him setting out the decision of the court or

the award or judgment, as the case may be, and specifying

the alteration to he made in the list.

(11) A justice of the peace shall not be disqualified

for taking part in the determination of an appeal under

this Part of this Act by reason of the fact that he is a

ratepayer in any rating area within the county (not

being the rating area in which the hereditament to which

the appeal relates is situate), or by reason that he is a

member of any authority (not being an authority which

is a party to the appeal) which joins in the appointment

of the assessment committee or pays part of the expenses

thereof, but no justice who is a member of any local

authority shall be qualified to take part in the determination of an appeal under this Part of this Act if the

appeal relates to any hereditament which is the property

or in the occupation of the authority.

32.—(1) The powers and duties of a court of quarter Procedure

sessions with respect to appeals under this Act shall, in the appeals,

case of quarter sessions for a county, be delegated to and

be performed by a committee of the justices of the county

appointed by quarter sessions, and sittings of the committee shall be held at one or more places, as the •

committee think proper, having regard to the convenience of parties to appeals.

(2) A committee appointed by quarter sessions under

this section shall be deemed to be a standing committee

of quarter sessions for the period for which they are

appointed, or if no period is fixed until their successors

are appointed, and their jurisdiction shall not be affected

by the termination of the sessions at which they were

appointed and may be exercised at any date and continuously, whether the court of quarter sessions is, or is not,

for other purposes in session.

5U 2

1780 Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Actf 1925.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act and any

rules made thereunder, a committee appointed under this

section shall for the performance of the duties delegated

to them have all the same powers as regards costs and

other matters under the Quarter Sessions Act, 1849, or

otherwise as if they were the court of quarter sessions;

and for the purpose of the provisions of the said Act

relating to costs the assessment committee shall, if no

other person appears as respondent to the appeal, he

deemed to he a respondent to the appeal, whether they

appear on the hearing of the appeal or not.

(4) The mode of appointment of a committee under

this section, the number and, subject to the provisions of this Act, the procedure of the committee shall be

determined by quarter sessions:

Provided that—

(a) the chairman of the committee shall be

appointed annually by quarter sessions, who

in making the appointment shall have regard

to judicial or other legal experience; and

(d) not less than five and not more than seven

members shall take part in the determination

of any appeal.

(5) In the determination of any appeal the chairman

or acting chairman of the committee shall have a second

or casting vote.

(6) Where quarter sessions have customarily been

held separately by adjournment or otherwise for any

part of a county, d, Secretary of State may by order, on

the application of the justices sitting at each such separate

sessions, for the purposes of appeals under this Act

constitute any part of the county for which quarter

sessions are for the time being so separately held a

separate county, and the justices usually sitting at those

separate quarter sessions a separate quarter sessions,

and make aU necessary provisions for the hearing of

appeals in such a case.

(7) The powers and duties of quarter sessions with

respect to appeals under this Act shall, in the case of

quarter sessions for a borough having a separate court of

quarter sessions, he exercised by the recorder as sole

judge of the court, and may be so exercised at any date

and continuously, whether the court of quarter sessions

is, or is not, for other purposes in session.

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1781

(8) On the hearing of an appeal by a committee of

quarter sessions under this section any party to the

appeal may, if the rateable value of the hereditament to

which the appeal relates as appearing in the valuation

list does not exceed one hundred pounds, appear by

solicitor instead of in person or by counsel.

33. If any party to an appeal to a court of quarter

sessions under this Act makes an application to the

court, either before the hearing of the appeal or at

any time during the hearing before evidence as to value

has been adduced, to direct a valuation of any hereditaments in relation to which the appeal is made, the

court in their discretion may appoint a proper person

to make the valuation, and the person so appointed

shall have power to enter on, survey and value the

hereditaments in respect of which the direction is given:

Provided that—

(a) the costs of the valuation shall be deemed to

be costs of the appeal but shall be payable

in the first instance by the applicant, and

except where the application is made by the

council of a county, a county valuation committee, a ra)ting authority, an assessment committee or a board of guardians, the court

shall not make any order on the application

unless the applicant gives such security as the

court think proper to pay the costs of the

valuation; and

(&) the court may, and on the application of any

party to the appeal shall, call as a witness

the person so appointed, and, if he is so

called, any party to the appeal shall be

entitled to cross-examine him.

34. The Secretary of State may make rules

generally with respect to the practice and procedure to

he followed on and in connection with appeals under this

Part of this Act, and in particular, without prejudice to the

generality of the foregoing description, may by those rules—

(a) prescribe scales of costs:

(b) prescribe fees to be charged in connection with

appeals and arbitration:

(c) provide for the exercise by the clerk of the peace

in the case of any preliminary proceedings of any

of the powers of the court of quarter sessions:

Appointment by-

court of

person to

value hereditaments.

Power to

make rules

with respect

to appeals.

1782

Alteration

of list in

consequence

of decisions

on appeal.

Bate to be

levied not-

vritbstanding

appeal.

Amendment

of current

valuation list.

Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(d) provide for the appointment of a person to act in

lieu of the clerk of the peace in any case where

the clerk of the peace is also an officer of any

authority or committee which is a party to an

appeal, and for the assignment to a person so

appointed of remuneration, to be paid out of the county fund or the general rate fund of the borough, as the case may be, on such

scale as may be specified in the rules:

(e) prescribe the forms to be used in connection with

appeals and arbitration.

35. The assessment committee shall cause such

alterations to be made in the valuation list as are specified

in any statement sent to the committee under the foregoing provisions of this Act with respect to a decision,

award or judgment given on an appeal under this Act,

and shall also cause such alteration of totals to be made

as is consequential on any such alteration made under

this section.

36. —(1) Any rate in respect of which the valuation

list is conclusive shall be made and levied in accordance

with the valuation list in force for the time being, and

shall be collected and be recoverable, notwithstanding any

appeal which may be pending with respect to that list:

Provided that where in the case of any hereditament

the value questioned by the appeal exceeds the value of

that hereditament as last previously determined under

this Part of this Act, the amount recoverable pending

the decision of the appeal shall not, miless the hereditament has been substantially altered sinc6 its value was

last previously determined, exceed the amount which

would have been recoverable if its value had not been so

increased.

(2) Where in pursuance of the last preceding section

of this Act there is made in the valuation list an alteration

which affects the amount of any rate levied in respect

of any hereditament in accordance with the list, the

difference, if too much has been paid, shall be repaid or

allowed, or, if too little has been paid, shall be paid and

may be recovered as if it were arrears of the rate.

Revision of current Lists.

37. —(1) Any person (including the county valuation

committee and any local authority) who is aggrieved by

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1783

the incorrectness or unfairness of any matter in the

valuation list for the time being in force, or by the

inclusion therein or omission therefrom of any matter, or

by the valuation as a single hereditament of a building

or a portion of a building occupied in parts, or otherwise

with respect to the list, may make in manner provided

by this section a proposal for the amendment of the list

(in this section referred to as "a proposal")j and where

a rating authority in pursuance of the provisions of this Act make any amendment in a rate other than the

correction of a clerical or arithmetical error, or the

correction of an erroneous insertion, omission, or misdescription, the authority shall forthwith make a proposal

for any necessary amendment of the list.

(2) Every proposal made under this section must—

(a) be made in writing and, except where it is

made by the rating authority, be served on the

rating authority;

(5) specify the grounds on which the proposed

amendment is supported.

(3) The rating authority shall, within seven days

after the date on which the proposal is made by or served

on them, transmit a^ copy thereof, in the case of a

proposal made otherwise than by the occupier of the

hereditament to which it relates, to the occupier, or,

where there is no occupier, to the owner thereof, and shall

not less than twenty-one days before the date of the

meeting at which the proposal will be considered by the

assessment committee, transmit to him, a notice of the

date on which the meeting aforesaid will be held and

a short statement of the effect of the next following

subsection of this section.

(4) Any person to whom a copy of a proposal is

transmitted as aforesaid may, if he thinks fit, give to the

rating authority notice in writing of objection to the

proposal, and unless he gives such notice he shall not be

entitled to be heard at the meeting in opposition to the

proposal.

Any such notice as aforesaid must be given not less

than seven days before the date on which the meeting for

considering the proposal is to be held and must state the

grounds of the objection.

(5) The rating authority shall forthwith transmit

to the person by whom a proposal is made a copy of any

1784

Ch. 90.

Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

notice of objection thereto which has been received by

them, and if they themselves intend to object to the

proposal shall forthwith give to that person notice of

their intention and of the grounds of the objection.

(6) The rating authority shall from time to time and

at such times as the assessment committee may direct

furnish to the assessment committee returns and other

particulars with respect to aU proposals and any notices

of objection thereto given to the rating authority.

(7) The assessment committee shall hear and determine any proposal as if it were an objection to a draft list,

and all the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act

relating to the hearing and determining of such an

objection shall apply accordingly.

(8) If the person by whom any proposal is made

under this section, or a person who objects to any

such proposal, or the rating authority is aggrieved by

the decision of the assessment committee thereon that

person, or authority, as the case may he, may within

twenty-one days after the date of the decision appeal

against the decision in the same manner as if the decision

were a decision of the committee on an objection to a

draft list, and subject to the express provisions of this

section all the provisions of this Part of this Act with

respect to appeals against such a decision shall apply

accordingly.

(9) The assessment committee shah as soon as may

be after any proposal made under this section has been

disposed of by them, cause the proper alterations in or

additions to the valuation list to be made (including any

consequential alterations to totals), and shall give notice

of the alterations and additions to the occupier or, where

there is no occupier, to the owner of the hereditament

affected.

(10) Subject as hereinafter provided, an amendment

made in the valuation list in pursuance of this section

shall, in relation to any rate current at the date when

the proposal in pursuance of which the amendment was

made W£is served on the rating authority, or, where notice

of the proposal was given to the occupier or owner, as the

case may be, of the hereditament affected, current at the

date when the notice was so given, be deemed to have had

effect as from the commencement of the period in respect

of which the rate was made, and shall, subject to the

provisions of this section, have effect for the purposes of

1925.

Eating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1785

any subsequent rate, and the provisions of subsection (2)

of the last preceding section of this Act shall have effect

accordingly:

Provided that, in the case of an amendment consisting

of the inclusion in the valuation list either of a newly-

erected or newly-constructed hereditament or an altered

hereditament which has been out of occupation on account

of structural alterations, or of the alteration in the

valuation list of the value of any hereditament, where

the value thereof has been affected by the making of

structural alterations or by the total or partial destruction

of any building or other erection by fire or any other

physical cause, the amendment shall have effect only

as from the date when the new or altered hereditament

comes into occupation, or as from the happening of the event giving rise to the alteration of the value of the hereditament, as the case may be, or in a case where

tithe, tithe commutation rentcharge or other payment

in lieu of tithe is extinguished in whole or in part, as

from the date on which the extinction takes effect.

(11) Every assessment committee shall hold such

meetings as are in the opinion of the committee reasonably required for the prompt disposal of proposals made

under this section with respect to the valuation lists of

their area, and the meetings so to be held shall be held

on such dates as may he fixed by the committee after

consultation with the rating authorities in their area.

Employment of Valuers.

38.—(1) Any rating authority, assessment committee, or county valuation committee, may, if they think

fit, employ a competent person to give advice or assistance

in connection with the valuation of any hereditaments in

their area, and any person so employed shall have power,

at all reasonable times and after giving due notice, and

on production, if so required, of authorisation in writing

in that behalf from the rating authority or committee

authenticated by the signature of their clerk, to enter

on, survey and value any hereditament in the area of the

authority or committee which the authority or committee

may direct him to survey and value.

(2) If any person wilfully delays or obstructs any

person in the exercise of any of his powers under this

section he shall be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding five pounds.

Power of

authorities

to employ

valuers.

1786

Ch. 90.

Power of

High Court

to appoint

person to

act in place

of defaulting

authority.

Powers of

rating authority to

require

returns.

Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Powers of Sigh Caurt in case of default by Rating

Authority, Assessment Committee, ^c.

39.—(1) If at any time it is shown to the satisfaction

of the High Court, on an application made by the Minister,

or the council of any county or county borough concerned, that there is reason to apprehend that by reason of

default made by any authority, committee or person in

complying with any of the provisions of this Part of this Act a valuation list for any area will not he duly prepared

in accordance with those provisions so as to come into

force on the proper date, the court may appoint such

person as they think fit to make and approve the list for

the said area or to do any such things as ought to have

been done by the authority, committee or person in

default.

(2) All costs properly incurred by a person appointed

by the High Court under this section shall be paid by the

authority, committee or person in default, and in case of

dispute the amount payable as costs under this subsection

shall be taxed in such manner as the High Court may

direct.

Information and Returns.

40.-(l) In every case where a new valuation list is

to be made under this Part of this Act for any rating area

the rating authority shall serve notice on the occupier,

owner or lessee of every hereditament in the area, or on

any one or more of them, requhing him or them to make

a return containing such particulars as may be reasonably

required for the purpose of carrying out this Act.

The said notices shall be served not later than such

date as will allow a sufficient interval for completing, in

accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act,

the various stages in the preparation of the valuation list.

(2) The rating authority may at any time in connection with a proposal which has been made for the amendment of the valuation list, or with a view to the making

of such a proposal, serve notice on the occupier, owner

or lessee of any hereditament in the area or on any one or

more of them requiring him or them to make a return.

(3) Every person on whom a notice to make a return

is served in pursuance of the provisions of this section

shall within twenty-one days after the date of the service

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

•1787

of the notice make a return in such form as is required

by the notice, and deliver it in manner so required to the

rating authority.

(4) The rating authority shall cause all returns

delivered to the authority in pursuance of the last

preceding subsection to he transmitted to the assessment

committee.

(5) Any returns received under this section shall,

after the relative lists are finally approved, or after the

proposals for amendment have heen disposed of, as the

case may he, he sent by the assessment committee to the

rating authority.

(6) Every assessment committee and every rating

authority shall furnish to the county valuation committee all information which the county valuation committee may require for the due discharge of their

functions under this Part of this Act and which it is

in the power of the assessment committee or the rating

authority to furnish.

41. If the assessment committee at any time desire

any person who is the owner, lessee or occupier of any

hereditament wholly, or partly within the assessment

area to make a return with respect to any of the

matters with respect to which a return may he required

under the last preceding section, they may serve a notice

on that person requiring the return, and that person

shall, within twenty-one days after service of the notice,

send the required return to the assessment committee.

42. —(1) If any person on whom notice has heen

served under any of the provisions of the two sections

of this Act last preceding fails without reasonable excuse

to comply with the notice, he shall, on summary conviction, he liable in respect of each offence to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds, and to a further penalty not

exceeding forty shillings for each day during which the

default continues after conviction.

(2) If any person wilfully makes or causes to be

made a return under either of the two sections of this Act last preceding which is false in any material particular, he shall, without prejudice to any liability to he

proceeded against under any other enactment, be hable

on summary conviction in respect of each offence to a

fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

Powur of

assessment

committee

to require

returns.

Penalties for

failure to

make

returns, and

for makinj;

false returns.

1788.

Evidence of

lists, and

furnishing

of copies of

lists and

tax assesS"

ments.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 40.

Valuation

list not to he

rendered

invalid by

certain

failures or

omissions.

Inclusion in

one proceeding of

separate

hereditaments.

Ch. 90. Bating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Miscellaneous.

43. —(1) A valuation list as for the time being in

force, or an extract from any such list, may he proved by

the production of a copy of the list, or of the extract,

purporting to be certified by the clerk of the rating

authority to he a true copy or extract, and the certificate

shall state that all alterations required to he made in

pursuance of the provisions of this Part of this Act in

the list, or in the part of the list extracted, have been

correctly made in the copy or extract so produced.

(2) Any rating authority on application by a surveyor of taxes shall furnish to him a eopy of their valuation

list as for the time being in force, or of any rate for

the time being in force, or any extract from the rate

or list, on payment of a sum not exceeding the rate

of five shillings for every hundred entries numbered

separately, and the clerk of the rating authority shall,

if required, certify the copy or extract in accordance

with this section.

(3) Any county valuation committee, assessment

committee, or rating authority may from time to time

require the surveyors of taxes for their area to furnish

to them (subject to payment therefbr of a sum calculated

at the rate aforesaid) a copy of the annual Vjalues for the

time being in force for the purpose of income tax under

Schedule A of the Income Tax Act, 1918, for all or any '

of the properties in that area:

Provided that nothing in the foregoing provision

shall extend to annual values which by law are not

allowed to be made public.

44. Any failure on the part of a rating authority

or assessment committee to complete any proceedings

with respect to the preparation of a valuation list within

the time required by this Part of this Act, or the

omission from a valuation list of any matters required

by this Part of this Act to be included therein, shall

not of itself render the list invalid.

45. Any occupier or ratepayer may include in the

same objection, appeal or other proceeding under this

Part of this Act all or any hereditaments of which he

is or is deemed to be the occupier or ratepayer which

are comprised in the same valuation list, although they

are separately assessed in that list.

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1789

46. Any notice required to be published under this Publication

Part of this Act by an assessment committee or rating notices,

authority shall be published by affixing it in some

public or conspicuous place or situation in the area

affected and by publishing it in one or more newspapers circulating in the] area of the committee or

authority.

47. —(1) Any assessment committee shall be entitled Use of public

to use at any reasonable hours for the purpose of their rooms,

meetings or for any other purposes of this Act any room

which belongs to any rating authority within the assessment area or which any such authority is entitled

to use.

(2) Any person having the control of any room

maintained out of the proceeds of any rate levied within

the area of a rating authority may put that room at the

disposal of the assessment committee for the purposes of

any meetings of the committee or for any other purposes

of this Act.

(3) An assessment committee shall pay to the

authority or body owning any room used by the committee in pursuance of this section such reasonable sum

in respect of the use of a room as may be agreed between

the said authority oi- body and the committee, or in

default of such agreement may be determined by the

council of the county in which the room is situated.

Part III.

General.

Existing Officers and Transfer of Property, ^c.

48. —(1) Any person who at the passing of this Transfer of

Act is an officer of an assessment committee under the existing

Union Assessment Acts, 1862 to 1880, or, being an officer

of a board of guardians, is employed in the service of

such a committee, including a valuer appointed by the

guardians under section thirty-two of the Poor Law 31 & 32 Vict.

Amendment Act, 1868, shall on the appointed day, as c. 122.

respects that office, be transferred to and become an

officer of the assessment committee for the assessment

area comprising the poor law union for which such officer

acts or, where the poor law union is not wholly comprised

within one assessment area, of the assessment committees

for the assessment areas into which the poor law union

extends.

1790 Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(2) All assistant overseers, rate collectors, vestry

clerks and other officers employed in the performance

of the duties of overseers, who are in office at the passing

of this Act, shall on the appointed day, as respects any

such office or duties as are hereinbefore mentioned, he

transferred to and become officers of the rating authority

of the area comprising the parish for which the officer

acts in thC execution of that office or in the performance

of those duties, and the provisions of any order authorising the appointment of an assistant overseer, collector

of poor rates or vestry clerk shall, as from the appointed

day, cease to have effect.

(3) In the succeeding provisions of this Part of this Act any officer transferred by this section, and the office

or duties in respect of which he is so transferred, are

respectively referred to as a " transferred officer " and a

" transferred office."

(4) The assessment committee or the rating authority,

as the case may require, may determine the appointment

of any officer transferred to them, whose office they

consider unnecessary.

(5) "VlTiere the salary of an assistant overseer,

collector of poor rates or vestry clerk has been fixed in

consideration of the performance by the officer of all or

any of the duties of the office of clerk to the parish

council, the salary of the officer payable under this Act

by the rating authority shall he reduced by such yearly

sum as may he determined by the rating authority to

represent the proportion of the total salary which is

payable in respect of such duties, and the liability of the rating authority for the payment to the officer as

from the appointed day of the yearly sum so determined

shall he transferred from the rating authority to the

parish council.

(6) A parish council may appeal to the county

council against a determination of the rating authority

under the preceding subsection of this section and the

decision of the county council on any such appeal shall he

final and conclusive.

(7) Every transferred officer shall hold his office by

the same tenure and on the same conditions as heretofore,

and while performing similar duties, shall, in respect of a

transferred office, receive not less salary or remuneration

1925. Rating and Valuation Ch. 90. 1791

Act, 1925.

and shall be entitled to not less pension (if any) than the

salary, remuneration or pension to which he would have

been entitled in respect of that office if this Act had not

been passed.

(8) The assessment committee or the rating authority,

as the case may require, may distribute their business

among the transferred officers in such manner as they

may think proper, and every officer shall perform such

duties in relation to that business as may he directed by

the assessment committee or rating authority.

(9) If, at any time within five years after the

appointed day, any transferred officer is required to

perform duties which are not analogous to, or which are

an unreasonable addition to, those which he was required

to perform in respect of the transferred office immediately

before the appointed day, the officer may relinquish

his office.

49. —(1) Every officer of any authority or committee Compensate or from whom duties are transferred by this Act, and tion to

every parish officer in office at the passing of this Act,

who by virtue of this Act, or of anything done in pursuance or in consequence thereof, suffers any direct

pecuniary loss by abolition of office or by determination

of his appointment or by diminution or loss of fees, salary

or emoluments and for whose compensation for that loss

provision is not made by any other enactment for the time

being in force, shall he entitled to compensation under

this Act for that loss.

(2) For the purposes of this section, any transferred

officer—

(a) who relinquishes under the provisions of this Act a transferred office; or

(5) whose services are dispensed with or whose

salary is reduced by any assessment committee

or by any rating authority, within five years

after the appointed day, because his services

are not required, or his duties are diminished,

and not on the ground of misconduct;

shall he deemed, unless the contrary is shown, to have

suffered a direct pecuniary loss in consequence of this Act.

1792-

Ch. 90.

Determiua-

tioa of questions as to

transferred

officers, &c.

Superannuation of

transferred

officers.

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 50.

12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 59.

Reding and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(3) Any application by an oflB.cer for compensation

Under this Act shall he made to the assessment committee

or assessment committees, or rating authority, to whom

the officer is by this Act transferred.

(4) The provisions contained in the Sixth Schedule

to this Act shall have effect with regard to the determination and payment of compensation under this Act

to officers.

50. If any question arises as to—

(1) the transfer of an officer in consequence of the provisions of this Act;

(2) the authority to whom application by an

officer is to be made for compensation under

this Act; or

(3) the fund out of which the compensation (if

any) is to be paid, or the proportions in

which any compensation awarded is payable

by any authorities;

the Minister may, on the application of the officer or

any authority, determine the question.

51. —(1) If the annual contributions required by

the Poor Law Officers’ Superannuation Act, 1896, have

been made by any officer transferred by this Act to an

assessment committee, or to a rating authority, the provisions of the Act of 1896 shall, as respects the transferred

office, apply subject to such modifications as the Minister

may by order direct for the purposes of milking that Act

applicable to the case.

(2) Any rating authority who have established

under any local Act a superannuation fund or scheme

or other fund or scheme for ensuring benefits to an

officer on retirement, may, with the consent of any

officer transferred to them by this Act, admit such

officer to the benefits of that fund or scheme on such

terms and conditions as they may think fit.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in section twenty-

seven of the Local Government and other Officers ’

Superannuation Act, 1922, if that Act can be and is

adopted by a council, who are a rating authority, or by

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1793

an assessment committee, whether alone or in combination

with another local authority and whether before or after

the appointed day, the Minister may by order provide for

the application of that Act, as regards any transferred

office, to such of the officers transferred by this Act to the rating authority or assessment committee, as were

subject to any superannuation scheme in respect of the

transferred office before the appointed day.

(4) Nothing in this section shall require any officer

to whom the Poor Law Officers’ Superannuation Act,

1896, apphes to become otherwise than with his consent

a member of or contributor to any superannuation fund

or scheme or other fund or scheme for securing benefits

to an officer on retirement.

(5) Nothing in this Act shall transfer to any assessment committee or rating authority any liability of a

board of guardians in respect of a superannuation

allowance to an officer who shall have ceased to hold

office before the appointed day.

52. The provisions set out in the Seventh Schedule to Transitional

this Act, (which relate to the transfer of the property and provisions,

liabilities of existing authorities and to other transitional

matters), shall have effect for the purpose of bringing this Act into operation.

Expenses, Accounts, arid Officers of Authorities.

53.—(1) Any expenses incurred under this Act by an Expenses,

assessment committee, including the costs of an appeal

awarded against or incurred by the committee under this Act, shall, where the assessment area consists of one

rating area, be charged on that area, and shall, where

the assessment area comprises two or more rating areas,

be charged on those areas respectively in proportion to the rateable values of all property therein, and precepts

may be issued by the assessment committee to rating

authorities accordingly.

(2) An assessment committee may repay to any

members of the committee attending cenferences held

by county valuation committees under this Act any

travelling and subsistence expenses which may have been

reasonably incurred by those members in so attending,

5 X

1794

Ch. 90.

Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

and any suras so repaid by an assessment committee to

any of its members shall be treated as part of the expenses

of the committee under this Act.

A county valuation committee may make similar

repayments in the case of any members of the committee

who are members of the council of the county, and any

expenses incurred by a county valuation committee

under this Act shall be defrayed as expenses for general

county purposes.

(3) Where it appears to an assessment committee

that an appeal under this Act in respect of a hereditament included in the valuation list for another area

involves a principle which may affect the rateable value

of property in the area of the committee, it shall be

lawful for the committee to enter into an agreement with

the assessment committee who are the respondents to the

appeal to make a reasonable contribution towards any

costs which may be incurred or be payable by that other

committee in connection with the appeal.

(4) Any expenses incurred under this Act by a

rating authority shall be paid out of the general rate

raised by the authority for their., area, or if incurred

during the interval before the first general rate for the

area is made under this Act, out of the poor rate.

(5) Any sums received under this Act by any

authority, not being receipts from a rate, shall, subject to the foregoing provisions of this Act, be applied in the

reduction of the expenses of the authority under this Act.

Accounts of 54. —(1) The accoimts of the receipts and expen-

assessment diture Under this Act of assessment committees, and of

committees, authorities, and of the of Bcers of those authorities

respectively, shall be made up, and shall be audited by

distriqt auditors, in like manner and subject to the same

provisions as the accounts of a county council, and the

enactments relating to the audit of those accounts,

and to all matters incidental thereto and consequential

thereon, shall apply accordingly, subject to such modifications, if any, as the Minister may prescribe.

(2) For the purposes of ascertaining the amount of the stamp duty chargeable in respect of the accounts of

rating authorities, transfers from the rating account

1925.

Eating and Valuation

Act, 1925,

Ch. 90.

1795

of a rating authority to accounts relating to its various

services shall be treated as sums paid in pursuance of

precepts.

55. —(1) It shall be lawful foi^ rating authorities,

assessment committees, and county valuation committees

to appoint for the purposes of this Act such rating

officers, valuation officers and other officers as they think

fit, and to pay to any officers so appointed such reasonable

salaries as they think fit.

(2) Where any officer appointed by a rating authority

under this section or transferred to them by this Act is

entrusted with the custody or control of money, the rating

authority, unless a policy of guarantee or other security is

in force of such an ammmt as may reasonably he expected

to cover any loss in the event of a default of the officer,

shall obtain a policy of guarantee, or other security, of

adequate amount, for the due performance by the officer

of his duties.

(3) Any security obtained by a rating authority

under this section shall remain in full force notwithstanding any alteration in the boundary of the rating area, or

any change in the district for which the officer is to act.

(4) The rating authority may defray the cost of any

security obtained by them under this section, and every

such security shall be produced to the district auditor at

the audit of the accounts of the rating authority.

56. The rating authority may either generally or in

respect of any special proceeding by resolution authorise

their clerk to institute, carry on, or defend proceedings

in relation to the collection or recovery of rates which

the rating authority are themselves authorised to

institute, carry on, or defend.

Miscellaneous.

57.—(1) For the purpose of promoting uniformity

in valuation there shall be constituted, in accordance

with a scheme to be made by the Minister after consultation with local authorities and associations of local

authorities and any organisation representing assessment

committees constituted under the Union Assessment Acts,

1862 to 1880, a Central Valuation Committee consisting

5X2

Power of

rating

authorities,

assessment

committees,

and county

valuation

committees

to appointi

officers.

Authority to

clerk to collect rates.

Constitution

of Central

Valuation

Committee

for promoting uniformity in

valuation.

1796 Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

of members of rating authorities, county valuation

committees, and assessment committees, and of such

other persons, if any, not being officers of the Department of Inland Revenue as may be provided by the

scheme.

(2) The Central Valuation Committee shall take into

consideration the operation of this Act and shall give to the Minister such information and make to him such

representations in respect thereto as they may consider

desirable for promoting uniformity and removing in-

equaUties in the system of valuation, and shall for those

purposes hold conferences or otherwise consult with such

persons or bodies as they think desirable.

(3) Any rating authority, county valuation committee, or assessment committee may, subject to the

provisions of the scheme, make contributions towards

the expenses of the Central Valuation Committee.

(4) The Central Valuation Committee shall submit

to the Minister an annual report of its proceedings.

(5) Any scheme to be made by the Minister under

this section shall be laid before each House of Parliament

forthwith and, if an Address is presented to His Majesty

by either House of Parliament within the next subsequent

twenty-eight days on which that House has sat after

any such scheme is laid before it praying that the scheme

may be annulled. His Majesty in Council may annul the

scheme and it shall thenceforth be void, but without

prejudice to the validity of anything previously done

thereunder or the making of a new scheme.

Power to 58.—(1) The Minister, after consultation with any

make rules, local authority or association of local authorities with

whom consultation appears to him to be desirable, may by

rules prescribe anything which by this Act is to be prescribed and the form of any rate, demand note, valuation

list, statement, return or other document whatsoever

w'hich is required or authorised to be used under or for

the purposes of this Act.

(2) Every rule made under this section shall be laid

before both Houses of Parliament forthwith, and if an

Address is presented to His Majesty by either House of

Parliament within the next subsequent twenty-eight days

on which that House has sat after any such rule is laid

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1797

before it praying that the rule may be annulled it shall

thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the validity

of anything previously done thereunder or the making of

a new rule.

59.—(1) Any notice, demand note, order or other Service of

document required or authorised to be sent or served notices, &c.

under or for the piu*poses of this Act may be sent or

served either—

(a) by delivering it to the person to or on whom it

is to be sent or served; or

(b) by leaving it at the usual or last known place of

abode of that person, or in the case of a company

at its registered of B.ce; or

(c) by forwarding it by post addressed to that person

at his usfial or last known place of abode, or

in the case of a company at its registered

oflBce; or

(d) by delivering it to some person on the premises

to which it relates or (except in the case of a

document being a summons) if there is no

person on the premises to whom it can be so

delivered, then by fixing it on some conspicuous

part of the premises; or

(e) without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this subsection, where the hereditament to

which the document relates is a place of

business of the person to or on whom it is to

be sent or served, by leaving it at, or forwarding

it by post addressed to that person at, the said

place of business.

(2) Any notice, demand note, order or other document by this Act required or authorised to be served on

the owner or occupier of any premises may be addressed

by the description of the " owner " or " occupier " of the premises (naming them), without further name or

description.

(3) Any notice, demand note, order or other document

of any description required or authorised for the purpose

of this Act to be sent or transmitted to or served on any

public or local authority (including an assessment committee) shall be deemed to be duly sent, transmitted or

served if in writing and deKvered at or sent by post

to the ofiBce of the authority addressed to that authority

1798

Ch. 90.

luspection of

(looiiments.

Provisions

as to

inquiries.

Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Actf 1925.

or to their clerk, and any notice, demand note, order or

other document required or authorised to he sent, transmitted or served under this Act by any authority or body

shall he sufficiently authenticated if signed by the clerk of the authority or body.

60. —(1) Any ratepayer (whether a ratepayer in the

rating area to wMch the documents relate or in some

other area) may at all reasonable times, on payment, in the

case of a document which is more than ten years old, of

such fee as may be prescribed, and in any other case,

without payment, inspect and take copies of and extracts

from any rate hook (whether current or closed), draft

list, valuation list, notice of objection, proposal for

amendment of the valuation list, notice of appeal, record

of totals, valuation made by a valuer appointed by an

assessment committee or minutes of the proceedings

under this Act of any such committee or of a rating

authority. '

(2) If any person having the custody of any

document to which this section applies—

(a) obstructs any person in making any inspection

or copy thereof or extract therefrom which he is

entitled to make under this section; or

(b) demands, when not authorised by this Act, a fee

for allowing him so to do;

he shall on summary coilviction be liable for each offence

to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(3) Subsection (5) of section fifty-eight of the Local

Government Act, 1894 (which provides for the inspection

of documents belonging to the council of a rural district),

shall not apply as respects any document to which this

section applies, or any other document which is required

or authorised to be used under or for the purposes of this Act.

(4) For the purposes of this section the expression

" ratepayer " includes an occupier who pays a rent

inclusive of rates, and also includes any person authorised

by a ratepayer to act on his behalf under this section.

61. —(1) The Minister may direct any inquiries to

be held by his inspectors which he may deem necessary

with reference to the purposes of this Act and such

inspectors shall .for the purposes of any inquiry have all

1925.

Rating and Valviation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1799

such powers as they have for the purposes of inquiries

directed by the Minister under the Public Health Act,

1875.

(2) Where the Minister causes any such inquiry as

aforesaid to he held, the cost incurred by the Minister in

relation to that inquiry (including such reasonable sum

not exceeding five guineas a day as the Minister may

determine for the services of any inspector or officer of the Minister engaged in the inquiry) shall be paid by such

authority as the Minister may direct, and the IMmister

may certify the amount of the costs so incurred and any

amount so certified and directed by the Minister to be

paid by any authority shall be a debt due to the Crown

from that authority.

62. —(1) After the appointed day overseers shall Abolition of

cease to be appointed, and His Majesty may by Order in overseers

Council to be made at any time after the passing of this Act provide, subject to the provisions of this Act, for the powers and

transfer as from the appointed day to rating authorities, duties,

or such other local authorities or persons as seems

expedient, of the powers and duties of and any property

vested in overseers, and any such Order may contain such

supplemental and consequential provisions as appear to

His Majesty to be necessary or expedient to make in

connection with the abolition of the office of overseer.

(2) His Majesty may refer to a committee of the

Privy Council the appointment of persons to prepare the

drafts of Orders to be made under this section, and before

any such Order is made the draft thereof shall be laid

before both Houses of Parliament, and if either House

within the next subsequent twenty days on which that

House has sat next after the draft is laid before it

presents an Address to His Majesty against the draft,

or any part thereof, no further proceedings shall be taken

thereon, but without prejudice to the making of any new

Order.

(3) Any reference in any Act or document to

overseers in relation to any of their powers or duties

shall be construed as references to the rating authority

or to the other persons to whom those powers or duties

are transferred by or in pursuance of this Act.

63. Subject to the provisions of this Act relating to Interest in

appeals to quarter sessions, the interest of any council in municipal

1800 Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

property not any property of which they or the corporation for which

to disqualify, they act are owners or occupiers shall not disqualify the

council or any member thereof for acting under this Act

in relation to that property.

Savings. 64.-(l) Subject as otherwise expressly provided in

this Act, nothing therein contained shall affect—

(a) the principles on which hereditaments are to be

valued or any privilege or any provision for the

making of a valuation on any exceptional

principle; or

(h) any exemption from or privilege in respect of

rating conferred by any local Act or order on

the occupiers of hereditaments in any particular

part of a rating area or on the occupiers of any

particular hereditaments; or

(c) any provision in any local Act under which the

owner of a hereditament is liable to pay or bear

a portion of any rate in relief of the occupier

without being entitled to any commission, reduction, or allowance in respect of that liability; or

(d) any statutory provision authorising the appointment of a person to raise q rate on default being

made by a local authority in performing any

duty or making any payment; or

(e) any exemption from rating under section thirty-

5 & 6 Will. 4. three of the Highway Act, 1835:

Provided that, for the purpose of any provision in

any local Act conferring any exemption or privilege in

respect of any rates which at the commencement of that

Act were or might thereafter become leviable by an

authority being an authority empowered to levy a

general rate under this Act, such part of the general

rate levied by the authority as represents rates which

immediately before the appointed day were not levied

by the authority shall not be deemed to be a rate levied

by that authority.

(2) For the purpose of securing the continued

operation, notwithstanding the passing of this Act, of

any such privilege or exemption as aforesaid—

(a) the rating authority of every area in which

immediately before the passing of this Act

any such privilege or exemption was in force

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1801

shall, before the appointed day, submit to the Minister a scheme making provision, whether

by deductions to he '^made from the net annual

value or otherwise, for the purpose aforesaid;

(6) if no such scheme is submitted by the rating

authority before the appointed day, the Minister

may himself make a scheme for the purpose

aforesaid;

(c) the provisions of paragraphs 2, 4 and 7 of Part

III. of the Second Schedule to this Act shall

apply for the purpose of schemes made under

this subsection as if such schemes were special

schemes within the meaning of the said Part III;

(d) subject to the foregoing provisions, a scheme

duly approved or made by the Minister shall

have effect as if enacted in this Act:

Provided that the rating authority and all persons

interested in the hereditament may agree that the

privilege or exemption shall be surrendered and extinguished in consideration of such payments as may be

agreed between them.

(3) Where any hereditament is occupied by or on

behalf of the Crown fdr public purposes—

(a) no gross value shall be determined or entered

in the valuation list in respect of the hereditament; and

(4) if any contribution is made by the Crown in aid

of rates in respect of that hereditament, there

shall be entered in the valuation list as representing the rateable value thereof the value

upon which that contribution is computed, and

the value so entered, or the amount of the

contribution, as the case may be, shall be taken

into account for the purpose of ascertaining

totals or the proceeds of any rate, but the entry

shall not affect any question as to contributions

to be made by the Crown in respect of rates.

(4) The Minister may make orders for the purpose

of giving to the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge,

or any other body which under any Act is entitled to

special representation on any assessment committee, similar

rights of representation on assessment committees constituted under this Act, and, so far as necessary for

1802

Exercise of

powers by

and assistance to new

rating and

assessment

authorities.

52 & 53 Vict,

C.53.

Power to

modify looid

Acts.

Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

that purpose, may modify any provisions of this Act

relating to the constitution of assessment committees.

(5) Nothing in this Act shall affect the basis on

which pajnnents are made to the London County

Council by any local or other authority outside London

in respect of London main drainage charges, and

accordingly in any Act or document relating to any

such payments references to annual value, rateable

value, the county rate basis or standard, or any other

value or basis shall be construed as references to the

corresponding value as determined under this Act, or,

if there is no such corresponding value, to the equivalent

value, such equivalent value to be determined, in case

of difference, by the Minister.

(6) Nothing in this Act shall affect the basis on

which, or the manner in which, sums required for the

purposes of the Metropolitan Police are raised.

65. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, and

without prejudice to the provisions of section thirty-seven

of the Interpretation Act, 1889, it shall be lawful for

every rating authority at any time after the commencement of this Act, and for every assessment committee at

any time after the appointment^of the committee, to

exercise any powers or perform any duties vested in or

imposed on them by this Act, other than any powers or

duties to he transferred under this Act on the appointed

day to the authority or committee from some other

authority, and the guardians of unions, overseers and

all assessment committees constituted under the Union

Assessment Acts, 1862 to 1880, and the officers of all such

guardians, overseers and committees, shall give to rating

authorities and to assessment committees any assistance

and information which they may respectively require for

the purpose of enabling them to discharge their functions

as aforesaid.

66. ^—(1) The Minister may by order make such adaptations in the provisions of any local Act as may seem

to him to be necessary in order to make those provisions

conform with the provisions of this Act.

(2) Every order made under this section shall he laid

before both Houses of Parliament forthwith, and if an

Address is presented to His Majesty by either House of

Parliament within the next subsequent twenty-eight days

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1803

on which that House has sat after any such order is laid

before it praying that the order may he annulled it shall

thenceforth he void, hut without prejudice to the validity

of anything previously done thereunder or the making of

a new order.

67. —(1) If any difficulty arises in connection with Power to the application of this Act to any exceptional area, or the remove

preparation of the first valuation list for any area, or

otherwise in bringing into operation any of the provisions

of this Act, the Minister may by order remove the

difficulty or constitute any assessment committee, or

declare any assessment committee to be duly constituted,

or make any appointment, or do any other thing, which

appears to him necessary or expedient for securing the

due preparation of the list or for bringing the said provisions into operation, and any such order may modify the

provisions of this Act so far as may appear to the Minister

necessary or expedient for carrying the order into effect:

Provided that the Minister shall not exercise the

powers conferred by this section after the thirty-first day

of March, nineteen hundred and twenty^nine.

(2) Every order made under this section shall be laid

before both Houses of Parliament forthwith, and if an

Address is presented to His Majesty by either House of

Parliament within the next subsequent twenty-eight

days on which that House has sat after any such order

is laid before it praying that the order may be annulled

it shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the

validity of anything previously done thereunder or the

making of a new order.

(3) In this section the expression "exceptional area"

includes any county district which extends into two or

more counties or is administered by the council of another

district, and any parish which extends into two or more

counties or county districts, or which is not within the

same district for municipal and sanitary purposes.

68. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise Defiuitions.

requires, the following expressions have the meanings

hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say:—

" Rating area" means the area of a rating authority:

" Urban rating area" means a rating area being a

county borough or an urban district:

" Rural rating area" means a rating area being a

rural district:

1804 Ch. 90. Rating and Valv/ition 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

" Assessment committee" means the assessment

committee constituted under this Act:

" Valuation list" means the valuation list made

under this Act:

" Rate" means a rate the proceeds of which are

applicable to local purposes of a public nature

and which is leviable on the basis of an assessment in respect of the yearly value of property,

and includes any sum which, though obtained

in the first instance by a precept, certificate or

other instrument requiring payment from some

authority or officer, is or can be ultimately

raised out of a rate as before defined, hut does not

include—

(a) any rate which is assessed under any

commission of sewers, or in respect of any

drainage, wall, embankment, or other work for

the benefit of the land; or

(i) any rate of the description commonly

known as a church rate, a tithe rate, or a

rector’s rate, or any other rate of a similar

character; or

(c) any rate which is .leviable by the conservators of a common; or

(d) any i^ate payable by consumers for a

supply of water; or

(e) any rate of the description commonly

known aS 4 garden rate or square rate, if levied

by any persons other than a rating authority:

Provided that nothing contained in the foregoing definition of the expression "rate " shall

affect the construction of the expression "usual

tenant’s rates " in this Act, and that expression

shall be construed as if this Act had not passed:

" Ratepayer" means every person who is liable to

any rate in respect of property entered in any

valuation list:

" Owner" means any person for the time being

receiving the rack-rent of the lands or premises in

connection with which the word is used, whether

on his own account or as agent or trustee for any

other person, or who would so receive that rent

if the lands or premises were let at a rack-rent:

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1805

" Gross value" means the rent at which a hereditament might reasonably he expected to let from

year to year if the tenant undertook to pay all

usual tenant’s rates and taxes, and tithe rent-

charge, if any, and if the landlord undertook to

hear the cost of the repairs and insurance, and

the other expenses, if any, necessary to maintain

the hereditament in a state to command that

rent:

Provided that, in estimating the annual rental

value of a hereditament to a tenant, no account

shall be taken of the value of any services which

the landlord renders, or procures to be rendered,

to the tenant (either alone or in common with other

tenants of the landlord) other than the provision

of, or repairs to, or maintenance of, the hereditament:

" Hereditament" means any lands, tenements,

hereditaments or property which are or may

become liable to any rate in respect of which

the valuation list is by this Act made conclusive:

" Agricultural land" means agricultural land within

the meaning of the Agricultural Rates Acts, 1896

and 1923:

" Woodlands " includes land used for a plantation

or a wood, or for the growth of saleable underwood or for both such purposes, and not subject

to any right of common:

‘ Financial year" means the year ending on the

thirty-first day of March;

" The Minister" means the Minister of Health:

Local authority" means any body having power to

levy a rate or to issue a precept to a rating

authority;

" Clerk, " in relation to any authority or body,

includes any officer of the authority or body

authorised by them to act on their behalf either

generally or in relation to any particular matter:

" The appointed day" means the first day of April,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven:

" Date of the first new valuation" means in relation to any rating area or part of a rating area

the date on which the first new valuation list

1806

Ch. 90.

54 & 55 Vict.

c. 8.

Eepeal, construction of

references,

&c.

62 & 63 Vict,

c. 17.

Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

made under Part II. of this Act for that area

or part comes into operation:

" Local Act " includes a Provisional Order confirmed

by Act of Parliament.

(2) In the case of tithe rentcharge as defined in

the Tithe Act, 1891, references in this Act to an occupier shall be construed as references to an owner as so

defined.

(3) References in this Act to assessment committees

constituted under the Union Assessment Acts, 1862 to

1880, shall be construed as including references to assessment committees constituted under any local Act.

(4) In this and every other Act, whether passed

before or after this Act, the expression "parish " shall,

unless the contrary intention appears and subject to

any alteration of area made on or after the appointed

day by or in pursuance of any Act, mean a place for

which immediately before the appointed day a separate

poor rate was or could be made or a separate overseer

was or could be appointed, and in this Act also includes,

unless the context otherwise requires, any part of a

parish being either a contributory place or an area

otherwise subject to separate or di’fferential rating.

69.—(1) The enactments mentioned in the Eighth

Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent

specified in the third column of that Schedule, and so

much of any other Act, whether public or local and

personal, as authorises any valuation of a hereditament

to be made for the purposes of any rate in respect of

which the valuation list is by this Act made conclusive, or

any assessment of any such rate to be made except on

the basis of that valuation list, shall also be repealed.

(2) References in any Act or document to any

rate in lieu of which a general rate under this Act is

levied or to any rate in lieu of which a special rate under

this Act is levied shall, unless the context otherwise

requires and subject as hereinafter provided, be construed

as references respectively to the general rate and the

special rate:

Provided that for the purposes of the Agricultmal

Rates Acts, 1896 and 1923, and the Tithe Rentcharge

(Rates) Act, 1899, the rates in respect of which relief is

1925. Bating and Valuation Ch, 90. 1807

Act, 1925.

given under those Acts shall in a rural district be taken

to be the general rate, and in any other district be taken

to be such part of the general rate levied for the

district as is estimated by the Minister to be levied in

substitution for the rates in respect of which such relief

was given at the date of the passing of this Act, and for

the purpose of the foregoing provision a general rate

shall be taken to include any amount required to be

levied together with and as an additional item of the

general rate;

References in any Act or document to gross value

or gross estimated rental or to net annual value or

rateable value as determined by valuation lists made

under the Union Assessment Acts, 1802 to 1880, or as shown

in, or ascertained in accordance with, the Acts relating to the basis or standard of county rates, shall, unless the

context otherwise requires, be construed as references to .

gross value or net annual value, as the case may be, as

determined under this Act:

References in any Act or document to assessable

value shall—

(a) where the term is used in connection with special

expenses rate's, be construed as references to the value on which a special rate under this Act is chargeable;

(h) where the term is used in connection with or in

relation to the Agricultural Rates Acts, 1890 and

1923, be construed as references to net annual

value reduced by fifty per cent., or, in the case

of reduced assessable value, by seventy-five per

cent., of the net annual value of agricultural

land;

(c) in any other case (except where the term is

used in relation to income-tax), be construed as

references to rateable value as determined under

this Act:

References in any Act or document to the assessment

committee or to the valuation list or supplemental list,

under the Union Assessment Acts, 1802 to 1880, shall,

unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as

references to the assessment committee under this Act,

and the valuation list under this Act:

1808

Ch. 90.

Extent anil

short title.

53 ife 54 Vict,

c. clxxvi.

Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Any document referring to any enactment hereby

repealed shall, unless the context otherwise requires, he

construed to refer to this Act or to the corresponding

enactment of this Act.

(3) During the period between the appointed day and

the date of the first new valuation the assessment committee

for any assessment area and the rating authority for any

rating area shall, in relation to valuation lists for any

parishes within their area, exercise respectively all such

powers and perform all such duties as might have been

exercised or performed by an assessment committee

constituted under the Union Assessment Acts, 1862 to

1880, or by overseers of the poor.

(4) This section shall come into operation on such

date as may he fixed by the Minister, and the Minister

may fix different dates for different purposes and in

relation to different areas.

70.—(1) This Act shall not extend to Scotland,

Northern Ireland or the administrative county of London.

(2) The Minister may by order direct that this Act

shall, subject to such exceptions, adaptations and modifications, if any, as n?.ay be specified in the order, apply

to the Isles of Scilly, but except as so applied this Act

shall not apply to the said Isles.

The Minister may by order from time to time

amend any order previously made under this subsection

and may by any order made under this subsection

amend or repeal any provisions contained in the order

relating to the Isles of Scilly, which was confirmed by

the Local Government Board’s Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 6) Act, 1890.

(3) This Act may be cited as the Bating and Valuation

Act, 1925.

192.3.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1809

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Peovisions with eespect to Assessment Committees.

1. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the quorum,

proceedings and place of meeting of an assessment committee

shall be such as the committee determine, and meetings of the

committee may be held at different places from time to time

as the committee think proper having regard to the public

convenience;

Provided that—

(a) in the case of an assessment committee for an

assessment area formed by the combination of two

or more rating areas the place of meeting of the

committee shall be such place or places, as is, or

are, fixed in that behalf by or under the scheme

constituting the assessment area; and

(b) the quorum shall not in any case be less than three.

2. The chairman at any meeting of the assessment committee shall, in case of an equal division of votes, have a

second or casting vote.

3. The chairman at any meeting of the assessment committee may, with the consent of the conunittee, adjourn the

meeting from time to time as may be thoiight fit, and may

postpone the hearing or further hearing and determination of

any objection.

4. On a casual vacancy occurring in an assessment committee by reason of the death, resignation, disqualification of

a member, or otherwise the authority by whom that member

was appointed or nominated shall appoint or nominate another

person in his place, and the person so appointed or nominated

shall hold office until the time when the person in whose place

he is appointed or nominated would regularly have gone out

of office.

5. The proceedings of an assessment committee shall not

be invalidated by an 3 ’^ vacancy among its members, or by any

defect in the election, appointment or qualification of any

member thereof.

6. The minutes of the proceedings of an assessment committee shall be kept in a book provided for that purpose, and a

sy

Section 17.

1810

Is SCE.

— cont.

Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

minute of those proceedings signed at the same or next subsequent meeting of the committee by the person acting as

chairman at the meeting at which the minute is signed, shall

be received in evidence without further proof.

7. Every assessment committee shall in the month of

April In every year send a report in the prescribed form of

their proceedings during the last preceding year to every local

authority represented on the committee, to the Minister, and

to the Central Valuation Committee.

8. Until the contrary is proved, an assessment committee

shall be deemed to have been duly constituted and to have had

power to deal with any matters referred to in its minutes.

9. An assessment committee may sue and be sued in the

name of their clerk, and an action by or against an assessment

committee shall not abate by the death or removal of the clerk,

but shall continue as if the clerk for the time being were the

plaintiff or defendant therein.

10. The term of office of each member of an assessment

committee shall be such period not exceeding five years as the

body of persona by whom that member is appointed may

determine, but a member of the committee may resign his office.

11. A member of an assessment committee shall not be

qualified to act on the hearing or determination of or otherwise

in connection with any matter relating to any hereditament in

which he is interested as owner, occupier or otherwise.

12. No person who is a member of any committee to

which the duties of the rating authority wdth respect to the

preparation of the valuation list are delegated shall be qualified

for appointment as a member of the assessment committee, an<l

no .authority shall appoint or nominate as its representative on

an assessment committee any person who is an officer of the

authority, and subsection (1) of section forty-six of the Local

Government Act, 1894 (w'hich disqualifies certain pemons for

membership of the council of a county district), shall apply as

if for the references therein to the council of a county districi

there were substituted references to the assessment committee.

13. No member of the assessment committee shall receive

any remuneration or other like payment in respect of his

services as a member of the assessment committee.

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1811

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Asceetainment oe Rateabee Vaetje.

Part I.

Reductions from Gross Value.

(1)

Class of Hereditaments.

Amount of

Deduction.

(1) Houses and buildings without land,

other than gardens, where the gross

value does not exceed lOZ.

(2) Houses and buildings without land,

other than gardens, where the gross

value exceeds lOZ. but does not exceed

20Z.

(3) Houses and buildings without land,

other than gardens, where the gross

value exceeds 2()Z. but does not exceed

40Z.

(4) Houses and buildings without land,

other than gardens, where the gross

value exceeds 40Z. but does not exceed

lOOZ.

(5) Houses and buildings without land,

other than gardens, whore the gross

value exceeds lOOZ.

(6) Land (other than agricultural land) with

buildings valued together therewith as

one hereditament.

(7) Land (other than agricultural land)

without buildings.

An amount equal

to 40 per cent,

of the gross

value.

4Z. or ail amount

equal to 33|^per

cent, of the

gross value,

whichever is

the greater.

71. or an amount

equal to 25 per

cent, of the

gross value,

whichever is

the greater.

lOZ. or an amount

equal to 20 per

cent.of the gross

value, whichever is the

greater.

20Z. together with

an amountequal

to 16f per cent,

of the amount

by which the

gross value exceeds lOOZ.

An amount eij^ual

to 10 per cent,

of the gross

value.

An amount eixual

to 5 percent.of

the gross value.

Sectiona U,

22 aod 64.

5 Y 2

1812 '

Ch. 90.

Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

2nd Soh

— cont.

(1)

Class of Hereditaments.

(^1

Amount of

Deduction.

(8) Agricultural land -

- An amount equal

to 5 per cent,

of the gross

value.

Note. —For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule the

expression "houses and buildings" does not include mills,

manufactories or premises of a similar character used wholly or

mainly for industrial purposes or hereditaments valued as pait

of any railway, dock, canal, gas, water, electricity, or other

public utility undertaking.

Part II.

Deductions to be made from Net Annual Value.

Class of Hereditaments. Amount of Deduction.

(1) Agricultural land

(2) Buildings (other than

dwelling-houses) occupied

together with agricultural

laud or being or forming

part of a market garden,

and in either case used

solely in connection with

agricultural operations

thereon.

(3) Tithes, tithe commutation

rentcharge, and other

payments in lieu of tithe,

issuing out of any land,

and any land used as a

railwaj^ constructed under

the powers of any Act for

public conveyance or as a

canal or towing-path for a

(1) Seventy-five per cent, of the net annual value.

(2) Seventy-five per cent, of the net annual value.

(3a) Subject to the provisions

of Part Ill.of this Schedule,

such percentage of the

net annual value as

corresponds witlt the

average relief from rating

to which, in the part of the rating area in which

the land is situate.

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1813

Class of Hereditaments.

Amount of Deduction.

2nd Sch.

— emit.

canal, any land covered occupiers of that class of

with water, and any wood- hereditaments were en-

lands— titled, otherwise than

(a) if the land is situate under any temporary Act,

in a county borough or between the first day of

urban district in which a April, nineteen hundred

consolidation of rates and fourteen, and the

takes effect by virtue of thirty-first day of March,

this Act: nineteen hundred and

twenty-four.

(b) ii the land is situate [Zb) Such percentage of the

in any other county net annual value as

borough or urban dis- corresponds with the per-

trict, being a borough or centage of the relief from

district in which a con- rating given by the local

solidation of rates was Act.

authorised by a local Act

passed before the commencement of this Act.

Part III.

Schemes for determining certain deductions in urban areas.

1. For the purpose of determining the amount of the

deductions to be allowed in respect of the hereditaments

belonging to class (3a) mentioned in Part II. of this

Schedule, the rating authority of everj' county borough or urban

district shall, before the appointed day, submit to the Minister

a scheme with respect to the said deductions, and the deductions

to be allowed as aforesaid shah., if the scheme is approved by

the Minister, be such deductions as are specified in the scheme,

or, if the scheme is not approved by the Minister, or if no scheme

is submitted by the rating authority before the appointed daj’’,

be such as the Minister may direct:

Provided that—

(a) Where either—

(i) differential rating provisions not of a permanent character were in operation in the county

borough or urban district during the period of ten

years beginning on the first day of April, nineteen

hundred and fourteen, or during some part of that

period; or

181-i

Ch. 90.

2nx> Sch

—cont.

Hating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act^ 1925.

(ii) the county borough or urban district was

created or extended at some time between the said

first day of April and the appointed day,

the scheme to be submitted under this Part of this

Schedule shall be a special scheme, in the making of

which the basis prescribed by Part II. of this

Schedule for determining the amount of the said

deductions shall be applied with such modifications

and adaptations as in the special circumstances of the case will secure a fair and equitable percentage of

deduction;

(6) where the average relief from rating to which occupiers

of hereditaments of the classes in question in any

rating area were entitled was not the same in all parts

of that area, the scheme or special scheme may

nevertheless make provision, on such basis as appears

equitable, for a uniform percentage of deduction

throughout the area.

2. A special scheme submitted as aforesaid may be approved

by the Minister, either with or without modification, and the

Hiinister shall, before approving such a scheme, pubbsh, in such

manner as he thinks proper, notice of his intention to approve

the scheme and of his proposed modifications, if any, and if any

person, being a person who will in the opinion of the Minister be

affected by the special scheme, gives hotice in writing to the

Minister that he objects to it, the Minister before approving it

shall, unless the objection is withdrawn, direct a local inquiry to

be held for the purpose of determining whether the scheme ought

< ir ought not to be approved, and if the Minister after receiving

the report of the inquiry is of opinion that the scheme ought to

be approved, either as originally submitted to him or with any

modifications, he may approve the scheme accordingly, and any

scheme so approved shall, unless the objection is withdrawn, be

a provisional scheme only and shall have no effect unless and

until it is confirmed by Act of Parliament.

3. Where by any order a county borough or urban district

is created or extended on or after the appointed day, there shall

be included in the order such provi ions as may be necessary for

determining the amount of the deduction which is to be made

from net annual value in respect of hereditaments included ir

Class (3) of the hereditaments specified in the first column of

Part II. of this Schedule, and any authority making or confirming such an order shall, before so doing, consider any

representations which may be made to them by persons

interested with respect to the provisions for determining the

amount of the deduction.

1925.

Bating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1815

4. The Minister may make regulations with respect to the 2ihd Soh.

preparation and submission of schemes under this Schedule and —cont.

matters incidental thereto.

5. The council of every county borough and urban district

shall, if so required by the Minister, prepare and transmit to the Minister not later than the appointed day a return as to the

poundage of the several rates levied in the area of the council

during the period between the first day of April, nineteen

hundred and fourteen, and the thirty-first day of March,

nineteen hundred and twenty-four.

6. The Minister may by order direct, in any cases where it

appears to him to be expedient so to do, that the percentage of

any deduction under Part II. of this Schedule shall be increased

or reduced to the nearest integral amount.

7. The Minister may, on an application in that behalf

made by any person affected by a scheme under this Schedule

and after publishing notice of the proposed order in such manner

as he thinks proper, by order vary or amend the scheme as he

thinks proper:

Provided that, if any person, being a person who will in the

opinion of the Minister be affected by the proposed order, gives

notice in writing to the Minister that he objects to the proposed

order, the Minister shall, before making the order, direct a local

inquiry to be held for the purpose of determining whether the

order ought or ought npt to be made, and if the Minister after

receiving the report of the inquiry is of opinion that the order

ought to be made either as originally proposed by him or with

any variations or modifications, he may make the order accordingly, but any order so made shall, unless the objection is

withdrawn, be a provisional order only and shall not be of any

validity unless and until it has been confirmed by Act of

Parliament.

THIED SCHEDULE. Section 24.

Classes of Machinery and Plant to be deemed to

BE PART OF THE HEREDITAMENT.

1. Machinery and plant (together with the shafting, pipes,

cables, wires, and other appliances and structures accessory

thereto) which is used or intended to be used, mainly or

exclusively in connection with any of the following purposes,

that is to say:—

(a) the generation, storage, primary transformation or

main transmission of power in or on the hereditament;

or

1816

3bd Soh.

— cont.

Sections 26,

26, 27.

Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(h) the Keating, cooling, ventilating, lighting, draining, or

supplying of water to the land or buildings of which

the hereditament consists, or the protecting of the

hereditament from fire:

Provided that, in the case of machinery or plant which is

in or on the hereditament for the purpose of manufacturing

operations or trade processes, the fact that it is used in connection with those operations or processes for the purpose of

heating, cooling, ventilating, lighting, supplying water, or

protecting from fire shall not cause it to be treated as falling

within the classes of machinery or plant specified in this

Schedule.

2. Lifts and elevator’s mainly or usually used for passengers.

3. Railway and tramway lines and tracks.

4. Such part of any plant or any combination of plant and

machinery, including gas holders, blast furnaces, coke ovens,

tar distilling plant, cupolas, water towers with tanks, as is, or

is in the nature of, a building or structure.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Pkotisions with respect to‘preparation op

Valuation Lists.

Part I.

Deposit and Inspection of Draft List.

1. The rating authority shall deposit the draft list at the

offices of the authority.

2. The rating authority shall, immediately upon the deposit

of the draft list, give to the county valuation committee and

publish notice of the deposit, and the notice shall state the

latest date at which and the mode in which objections to the

draft list may be made.

3. Where there is included in the draft list as deposited

some hereditament not previously assessed, or where the gross

or net annual or rateable value assigned in the draft list to some

hereditament exceeds the value as stated in the valuation list

for the time being in force, or, where there is no such valuation

list, as stated in the then last assessment to the poor rate, the

rating authority shall within seven days after the deposit of the

draft list send to the occupier of the hereditament affected a

notice of the gross, net annual and rateable values thereof

inserted in the draft list.

192.5.

Bating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

4. The draft list so deposited shall be open to inspection

for twenty-one days from the date on which notice of the deposit

of the list is published.

5. Immediately on the expiration of the said period of

twenty-one days the rating authority shall cause the draft list

to be transmitted to the assessment committee.

Part II.

Notices of Objection.

1. A notice of objection must specify the grounds of

objection.

2. The assessment committee shall, within three days after

the date on which an objection is lodged with them, cause a

copy thereof to be sent to each of the following persons, not

being the objector, that is to say—

(a) to the rating authority; and

(b) where the objection relates to a particular hereditament,

to the occupier of that hereditament.

Part HI.

Meetings for hearing Objections,

1. Meetings for hearing objections to the draft list may be

held at any time after the expiration of thirtj"^ days from the

date on which the list was deposited, or on any earlier date, if

in the opinion of the assessment committee such number of

objections have been received by that date as to make it

desirable to hold a meeting, and the rating authority signify

to the committee that they are ready to attend a meeting on that

earlier date.

2. The assessment committee shall, at least fourteen days

before holding a meeting for hearing objections, not being an

adjourned meeting, cause notice of the meeting to be given to the rating authority of any area in which are situate any hereditaments to which the objections to be considered at the

meeting relate, and shall at least fourteen days before the date

on which any objection will be heard by the committee cause

notice of the date to be given to the objector and to the

occupier of the hereditament to which the objection relates,

where such occupier is not the objector.

3. On the consideration of an objection any valuer

employed by the assessment comnrittee to value the hereditament to which the objection relates may be called as a witness.

181S

4th Sch.

—cont.

Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Actf 1925.

4. No pereon, being either a party to the objection, or a

witness in the case, or .a valuer employed by the assessment

committee, shall be present while the assessment committee

are considering their decision on an objection.

5. The assessment committee shall forthwith after determining an objection send notice of their decision to the

objector and to the occupier of the hereditament affected, where

such occupier is not the objector, and to the rating authority.

6. Every such notice as aforesaid of the decision of the

assessment committee on an objection shall state that any person

who is a party to the objection may, if aggrieved by the decision,

appeal against it, and shall specify the time within which and

the manner in which such an appeal may be made.

7. Where the assessment committee, in pm-suance of the

provisions of Part TI. of this Act, alter the draft list on revision,

otherwise than in determining an objection, by inserting

therein some hereditament or by raising the gross or net annual

or rateable value of some hereditament included therein, the

assessment committee shall forthwith serve notice of the

alteration on the occupier of the hereditament affected.

8. Every notice of an alteration made in the draft list by

the assessment committee otherwise than in determining an

objection, being a notice served on .a person under the foregoing

provisions of this Part of this Schedule, shall state that any

person aggrieved by the alteration moy lodge an objection to the alteration at any time within fourteen days after the date

on which the notice is served on him, and that any such

objection if lodged will be heard by the assessment committee

on a date which will be duly notified to the person making the

objection.

9. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Act, the

provisions of this Act relating to objections to the draft list

as deposited shall apply with reference to objections to any

alterations, insertions or corrections made by the assessment

committee on the revision of the draft list otherwise than in

determining an objection.

10. The assessment committee shall not be required to hear

and determine all objections to the draft list before finally

approving it, and if any objection is not heard and determined

before the draft list is finally approved, it shall be beard and

determined as soon as possible thereafter, and with the like

consequences as if it bad been a proposal duly made for the

amendment of the current valuation list which had been served

on the rating authority on the date on which that list comes

into force.

1925.

Eathig and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1819

PIFTH SCHEDULE.

Appeals to Quabteb, Sessions.

Part I.

Notices of Appeal.

1. Notice of appeal must be given to the clerk of the

court to which the appeal is made before the expiration of

twenty-one days after the date on which the valuation list is

finally approved.

2. A copy of the notice of appeal must also be served by

the appellant within the time allowed for giving notice of the

appeal on the assessment committee and on each of the following

persons not being the appellant, that is to say:—

(o) the rating authority;

(6) where the appeal relates to a particular hereditament,

the occupier of that hereditament.

3. The notice of appeal must specify the grounds of

appeal.

4. The clerk of the court on receiving a notice of appeal

shall, without any application in that behalf, enter the appeal

for hearing at the next sitting of the court to be held after the

expiration of thirty-five days from the date on which the hst

was finally approved, but the court may, on an application made

by any party to the appeal, direct that the hearing shall be

postponed and entered for some subsequent sitting of the

court.

Part II.

Provisions with respect to Arbitrations.

1. Where any matter is referred to arbitration under the

provisions of this Act relating to appeals to quarter sessions the

arbitrator to act shall be such person as may be agreed on by

the parties or, in default of agreement, appointed by the

President of the Surveyors Institution.

Section 31.

1820

5th Sch.

— cont.

Seuiioi' 49.

Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

2. The parties to aa arbitration may before entering on the

reference agree in writing that the award of the arbitrator shall

be final and conclusive on all questions whether of fact or law,

and where any such agreement is made, the provisions of the

Arbitration Act, 1889, as to the power of an arbitrator to state

in the form of a special case an award or any question of law

arising in the course of a reference shall not apply.

3. The costs of and incidental to the hearing before the

arbitrator, and his award, shall be in the discretion of the

arbitrator, and if not agreed by the parties, shall be taxed as

part of the costs of the appeal to quarter sessions.

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to the determination and payment

OF compensation to officers.

1. The provisions of section one hundred and twenty of the

Local Government Act, 1888, shall apply to the determination

and payment of compensation rmder &is Act to officers subject

to the following and any other necessafy modifications :—

(a) Any reference in, that section to the county council

shall be construed as a reference to the compensating

authority and the Minister shall therein be substituted

for the Treasury;

(b) For the reference to the county fund there shall be substituted a reference to the fund out of which the

general expenses of the compensating authority are

payable, and if any compensation is payable otherwise

than by way of an annual sum, the payment of that

compensation shall be a purpose for which a compensating authority may borrow subject always to the

consent of the Minister and upon such terms as he

may authorise;

(e) References in that section to " the passing of this Act "

shall be construed as references to the date on which

the relinquishment or abolition of office takes effect,

or the direct pecuniary loss commences, as the case

may be;

(d) The expression in subsection (1) of that section

" the Acts and rules relating to Her Majesty’s Civil

1925.

Bating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1S21

Service " shall mean the Acts and rules relating to

Her Majesty’s Civil Service which were in operation

at the date of the passing of the Local Government

Act, 1888;

(c) In subsection (7) of that section for the words "under

the same or any other county council " there shall be

substituted the words "under any local authority."

2. In computing the time of service in any capacity of any

officer for the purpose of the award of compensation, the compensating authority shall take into account all the service of

that officer in any capacity under any local authority, whether

such officer was appointed annually or otherwise:

Provided that, if in pursuance of the power conferred

by this Act an, office is abolished by an assessment committee

or by a rating authority, otherwise than at the expiration of a

complete year of service of an officer, the portion then expired

of that year shah, be treated as a complete year where such

portion exceeds six months, and shall be ignored where such

portion does not exceed six months.

3. The compensation payable under this Act to an officer

who immediately before the appointed day, held two or more

offices under any local authority or local authorities and who

devoted the whole of his time to the duties of such offices, shall

not be reduced by reason of the fact that he has devoted only

part of his time to each of such offices.

4. If any officer was temporarily absent from his employment during the war whilst serving in His Majesty’s forces, or

the forces of the Allied or Associated Powers, either compulsorily or with the sanction or permission of the local authority,

such period of temporary absence shall be reckoned as service

under the local authority in whose employment he was immediately before and after such temporary absence, and the

amount of his salary, wages and emoluments during such

temporary absence shall be deemed to be the amount which he

would have received from the local authority during that

period if he had remained in their actual service:

Provided that in the case of an officer who, after the

armistice, voluntarily extended his term of service in the

forces, no period of absence during such extension shall be

reckoned.

5. The compensating authority may, in their discretion

and in consideration of the fact that any officer was appointed

to his office as a specially qualified person, or of the fact that

he had prior to his appointment served as a deputy, assistant

or clerk to any officer, not holding a temporary appointment,

6th Sch.

— cotU.

1822

6th Sch.

— cont.

Section 52.

Property,

liabilities,

&c., of

existing

assessment

committee.s.

Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

add any number of years (not exceeding ten) to the number

of years which such officer would otherwise be entitled

to reckon for the purpi^e of computing the compensation to

which he would be entitled rmder the Acts and rules relating

to Her Majesty’s Civil Service as appbed by this Act.

6. All fees or remuneration received by an officer in

connection with the preparation of the electors’ lists under the

Representation of the People Acts, 1918 to 1922, shall, subject to

a reasonable deduction for any expenses incurred by the officer,

be regarded as part of the emoluments of the officer for the

purpose of compensation.

7. The compensation shall not exceed two-thirds of the

annual pecuniary loss suffered by virtue of this Act, or of anything done in pursuance or in consequence of this Act, or if the

compensation is payable otherwise than by way of an annual

sum, two-thirds of the capital value of such annual pecuniary

loss.

8. No officer shall be entitled to receive both compensation

under this Act for pecuniary loss and a superannuation or

retiring allowance in respect of the same period of service and

the same pecuniary loss.

9. In this Schedule, the expression—

" Compensating authority" means the assessment committee or rating authority«to whom an application

for compensation is made;

" Local authority" means any assessment committee

or any rating authority, or any local authority as

defined in section three of the Local Government

and other Officers* Superannuation Act, 1922.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Tbansitional. Provisions.

Transfer of Property and Liabilities.

1, —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, any property

and Kabilities held or incurred by a board of guardians on behalf

of any assessment committee appointed by them shall on the

appointed day by virtue of this paragraph be transferred to. vest

in and attach to the assessment committee for the assessment

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1823

area comprising the poor law union for which the guardians act,

or, if the assessment area does not comprise the whole of the poor law union, to the assessment committees appointed

for the assessment areas into which the poor law union extends.

(2) Where by this paragraph any property or liabiUties are

transferred to more than one assessment committee, section

sixty-eight of the Local Government Act, 1894 (which relates to the adjustment of property and habilities), shall apply.

(3) Nothing in this paragraph shall transfer to an assessment

committee any liability in respect of moneys borrowed by a

board of guardians for the purpose of defraying the cost of a

valuation of rateable hereditaments.

2.—(1) All valuation lists, rate books or other books of

account, or documents relating to the making, levying or collection

of rates, which at the appointed day are in the custody of the

vestry clerk or of the overseers of a parish or any other authority

whose rating powers and duties are by this Act transferred to

rating authorities shall be under the control of the rating authority

of the rating area comprising that parish, and subject to the right

of the overseers or any parochial officer to the custody of such

books or documents for the purpose of the making up and audit

of accounts, shall be deposited in such custody as the rating

authority may direct.

(2) All books and documents which at the appointed day

are in the custody of thvs vestry clerk or overseers of a parish

shall, if they contain entries wholly or partly relating to the

affairs of the church or to ecclesiastical charities, and are not

books or documents directed by law to be kept with the public

books, writings, and papers of the parish, be deposited in such

custody as the parochial church council may direct, and, subject

as aforesaid and to the provisions of this Schedule relating to

books or documents relating to the making, collection, or levying

of rates, all public books, writings, and papers of the parish

(including all documents directed by law to be kept with such

books, writings, and papers), which at the appointed day are in

the custody of the vestry clerk or overseers shall be deposited in

such custody as may be directed, in the case of a rural parish,

by the parish council, or, if the parish is not under a parish

council, by the parish meeting, and in the case of any other

parish by the rating authority.

(3) The assessment committee shall be entitled to the

possession and control of any valuation lists, notices of

objection, minute books and other books or documents wholly

relating to business of the assessment committee appointed by

the board of guardians, which at the appointed day are in the

I^>8ses8ion or under the control of the assessment committee of the guardians:

7th Sch.

— cont.

Custody of

books and

documents.

1824

"th Sch.

— cont.

Transfer of

property.

Transfer and

application

of balances.

Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Provided that, where a poor law union is not wholly

comprised within one assessment area, any such book or

document, which does not whoUy relate to a parish or

parishes within one assessment area, shall be transferred by

the assessment committee of the guardians to the assessment

committee for that assessment area which contains according to the returns of the census of nineteen hundred and twenty-one

the largest proportion of the total population of that poor law

union, but the assessment committee for an assessment area

which comprises any part of such poor law union shall have a

right of inspecting any book or document transferred to the

assessment committee for any assessment area comprising any

part of that union, and of making copies of, or extracts therefrom,

free of charge.

(4) Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any

ratepayer or other person to inspect or to make copies of, or

extracts from, any book or document transferred or deposited

thereunder.

3. Where any property is transferred by or in pursuance

of this Act from one authority to another authority—

(1) Such property shall be held by the authority to whom it

is transferred, subject to all debts and liabilities affecting

the same; and

(2) The latter authority shall hold the same for the estate,

interest, and purposes, and s'abject to the covenants,

conditions, and restrictions for and subject to which

the property would have been held if this Act had not

passed, so far as the same are not modified by or in

pursuance of this Act.

4. —(1) Any balance at the appointed day in the hands of

overseers shall forthwith be paid to the rating authority of the

area, and any balance at the appointed day due to overseers

shall be paid to those overseers by the rating authority of the

rating area.

(2) The foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall extend

to any balance which is at the appointed day in the hands of

or due to any assistant overseer or other parish officer, as if

such balance were in the hands of or due to overseers.

(3) Any balance at the appointed day standing in the

accounts of—

(o) a board of guardians to the credit or debit of a parish

within the poor law union; or

(6) a rural district council in respect of general expenses

to the credit or debit of any parish within the rural-

district;

1925.

Bating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1825

shall in those accounts be carried to the credit or debit of the

common fund of the union or of the general rate fund of the

district, as the case may be, in which the parish is comprised.

(4) Nothing in this Act shall affect the application of any

balance to the credit or debit of any parish in respect of special

expenses.

5.—(1) Before the expiration of a period of three years

from the appointed day, or of such further period as the Minister may by order direct, such adjustments shall be made

by rating authorities in making the rates leviable under this Act, and by guardians in issuing precepts to rating authorities,

as are necessary for securing that, as far as practicable, each

rating area and each parish therein shall have the advantage

of any credit balance or recoverable sura of which account has

under this paragraph to be taken, and shall make good any

debit balance or undischarged liability of which account has

under this paragraph to be taken.

(2) For the purpose of any such adjustment, the rate in

the pound of the rate otherwise leviable by the rating authority

in any parish within the rating area, or the precept otherwise

issuable by guardians in respect of any rating area, shall be

increased or decreased by the rating authority or guatdiansj

as the case may require.

(3) The sums of which account shall be taken in adjustments

under this paragraph shall be certified to the rating authority

and to the guardians by the district auditor for the audit district

comprising the rating area, and the certificate of the district

auditor shall be given as soon as practicable after the appointed

day and shall, subject as hereinafter provided, be final and conclusive;

Provided that any such auditor may, if he thinks tit, give

an interim or provisional certificate, and may amend any final

certificate given by him so far as appears to him necessary for

the purpose of correcting any errors.

(4) For the purpose of this paragraph, account shall betaken

by the district auditor of the respective rights of all the authorities

concerned, and in particular of—

(a) the balances transferred to or payable under this Act

by the rating authority in respect of parishes within

the rating area;

(f)) the parochial balances in the accounts of the guardians

or rural district council which in pursuance of this Act

have been carried to the credit or debit of the common

fund of the union or of the general rate fund of the

district;

7tii Sch.

— corU.

-Vdjastment

of parochial

balances,

ltabilitie.s,

&o

1826 '

7th Sch,

— cont.

Arrears

of rates,

precepts,

accounts,

and proceedings.

Saving for

existing

securities-

Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

(c) any recoverable arrears of rates or other income due to the overseers of a parish, and any sum certified by the

district auditor to be due from any person at the audit

of the accounts of the overseers of a parish;

(d) any undischarged liability of the overseers of a parish,

accruing before the appointed day and by this Act

transferred to the rating authority; and

(e) any unsatisfied precepts.

(5) It shall be the duty of every authority from whom

powers, duties, and liabilities are transferred by this Act to

liquidate, so far as practicable, before the appointed day all

debts and liabilities of the authority incurred in the execution

of the transferred powers and duties and accruing on or before

that daj ', and in default of a compliance with this requirement

any sum paid by an assessment committee or rating authority,

in respect of any such debt or hability as aforesaid shall be

charged to the area to which that payment would have been

chargeable if this Act had not passed, subject, however, to an

adjustment under paragraph (1) of this schedule where the area

of the authority in default extends into more than one assessment aiea.

6. —(1) AH sums due on the appointed day in respect of rates

made before the appointed day shall be collected and recovered

by the rating authority of the rating area, and all precepts for

contributions issued before the appointed day and not discharged

before that day shall be payable by the rating authority.

(2) The accounts of aU receipts and-expenditure before the

appointed day shall be audited, and disallowances, surcharges,

and penalties recovered and enforced, and other consequential

proceedings had, in fike manner as nearly as may be as if this Act had not passed, but as soon as practicable after the appointed

day, and every authority, committee, or officer whose duty it

is to make up any accounts, or to account for any portion of the

receipts or expenditure in any account shall, until the audit is

completed, be deemed for the purpose of such audit to continue

in office, and be boimd to perform the same duties and render

the same accounts and be subject to the same liabilities as before

the appointed day:

Provided that any sum certified to be due from any person

by the district auditor at the audit of the accounts of the overseers of a parish shall be paid by that person to the rating

authority.

7. —(1) Nothing in or done under this Act shall prejudiciaUy

affect any mortgage or other security which operates as a charge

on any rate or rate fund abolished by this Act, or the powers of

any person entitled under any such mortgage or security to

enforce the same as if this Act had not passed.

(2) Any such mortgage or other security shall have effect as

if the general rate or special rate, and the general rate fund or

1925. Rating and Valuation Ch. 90.

Act, 1925.

special rate fund, under this Act were substituted for the rate and

rate fund referred to in the security, and where, for the purpose of

enforcing the seciuity, it is necessary to continue the exercise of

a power which would have existed but for this Act, the power

may continue to be exercised as if this Act had not passed.

8. —(1) All proceedings, legal and other, begun before the

appointed day, may be carried on in like manner, as nearly as

may be, as if this Act had not passed, and any such legal

proceeding may be amended in such manner as may appear

necessary or proper in order to bring it into conformity with

the provisions of this Act, and of any order or scheme made

thereunder.

(2) Any cause of action by or against any authority which

exists at the date of the transfer in relation to any powers,

duties, liabilities, debts or property transferred by this Act to

an assessment committee or to a rating authority shall not be

prejudicially affected by the passing of this Act, but may be

prosecuted and enforced by or against the assessment committee or the rating authority, as the case may be, as

successors of the authority from which the transfer aforesaid

was made.

(3) All contracts, deeds, bonds, agreements, and other

instruments affecting any powers, duties, liabilities, debts, or

property or any officers transferred by this Act and subsisting

at the time of the transfer, shall be of as full force and effect

against or in favour of the assessment committee or the rating

authority, as the case may be, to whom the transfer was made,

and may be enforced as fully and effectually as if, instead of the

authority named in the instrument, the authority to whom the

transfer is made held been a party thereto.

Provisions as to Poor Rates and County Contributions.

9. Where the rating authority of an urban rating area,

comprising two or more parishes, at any time between the

appointed day and the date on which the power to make a

general rate for the area comes into operation make and levy a

poor rate, they shall make a poor rate for the area instead of

making separate poor rates for the parishes comprised in it:

Provided that, where by virtue of any precept or otherwise

any amount is chargeable separately on any parish or part of the area, the rating authority shall levy that amount on that

parish or part together with and as an additional item of the

poor rate.

10. All enactments in force immediately before the appointed

day with respect to the preparation, confirmation, revision, and

effect of the basis or standard for a county rate shall continue

5 Z 2

1827

7th Sea.

— r.ont.

Raving for

pending

contracts,

legal proceedings, &o

Poor rate to

be made for

rating area

instead of

for parishes.

Saving for

enactments

relating to

county basis

1828

7th Kch.

— cont.

(Section Of.

Ch. 90. Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

in force during the period beginning on the appointed day and

ending on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, and subject as hereinafter provided a county

council shall in respect of that period apportion any contributions

required by them and issue precepts on the same basis and in

like manner as if this Act had not been passed:

Provided that—

(a) precepts required to be sent to boards of guardians

shall, in lieu of being so sent, be sent to rating

authorities ', and

(b) contributions for general county expenses, and for

special county expenses, so far as such last-mentioned

expenses are chargeable on all the parishes in a

rating area (whether in common with other parishes

in the county or not) in proportion to the yearly

value of property in the parishes, shall be apportioned to and charged on the rating area as a whole

instead of being charged separately on each parish

therein, and shall be paid out of the general rate

levied for the rating area, or, if the contributions are

required in respect of a period before the date when

the power to make a general rate for the area comes

into operation, out of the poor rate levied for the

area.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments eepealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

The Poor Belief Act,

1601.

Section one so far as it relates

to the appointment of overseers; in section eight the

words " the noyacion of

overseers "; section nine.

14Car. 2.C. 12

The Poor Relief Act,

1662.

Section twenty-one so far as

it relates to the appointment

of overseers.

17 Geo. 2. c. 3

The Poor Rate Act,

1743.

The whole Act.

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1829

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal,

17 Geo. 2.0.38 The Poor Relief Act, Section three.

1743.

54 Geo. 3. c.91 The Poor Law (Over- The whole Act.

seers) Act, 1814.

54 Geo.3. c.170 The Poor Belief Act, Section eleven,

1814.

59 Geo. 3. c.l2 The Poor Relief Act, Sections six and seven.

1819.

3 & 4 Will. 4. The Lighting and In section thirty-three the

c. 90. Watching Act, 1833. words from "Provided

" always " to the words "pay

" for the purposes of this

" Act ’’; and section thirty-

four.

5 & 6 Will. 4. The Highway Act, In section twenty-seven the

e. 50. 1835. words from " and provided

" also " to the end of the sec-

• tion; sections twenty-eight,

twenty - nine, thirty - one,

thirty-two, thirty-four, thirty-

six to forty.

C & 7 Will. 4. The Parochial Assess- The whole Act.

c. 90. ments Act, 1836.

3 & 4 Vict. The County Police Section four,

c. 88. Act, 1840.

7 & 8 Vict. The Poor Law Sections twenty-two and sixty-

o. 101. Amendment Act, two.

1844.

10 & 11 Vict. The Towns Improve- Sections one hundred and

c. 34. ment Clauses Act, seventy-six and one hundred

1847. and seventy-seven.

11 & 12 Vict. The Poor Law Audit Sections one, two, and eleven,

c. 91. Act, 1848.

sth Sch.

— cont.

1830

Ch. 90.

Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

8ra ScH

— cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

11 & 12 Vict.

C. 110.

1

The Poor Law

Amendment Act,

1848.

Section seven.

t

12 & 13 Vict,

c. 8.

The Poor Law (Overseers) Act, 1849,

The whole Act.

12 & 13 Vict,

e. 103.

The Poor Law

Amendment Act,

1849.

Section six.

13 & 14 Vict,

c. 57.

The Vestries Act,

1850.

Sections six to nine.

13 & 14 Vict,

c. 101.

The Poor Law

Amendment Act,

1850.

Section seven.

15 & 16 Vict,

e. 81,

The County Rates

Act, 1852.

Sections four to twenty; in

section twenty-six the word.s

from " a printed hst " to

" within the county and ";

sections twenty-seven to

twenty-nine; in section

thirty - two the word

" allowed "; sections forty

to forty-three.

20 Vict. e. 19

The Extra-Parochial

Places Act, 1857.

In section one the words from

" and the justices " to the

end of the section.

24 & 25 Vict,

e. 55.

The Poor Removal

Act, 1861.

Section ten.

25 & 26 Vict,

e. 103.

The .Union Assessment Committee

Act, 1862.

The whole Act.

27 & 28 Vict,

c. 39.

The Union Assessment Committee

Amendment Act,

1864.

The whole Act except sections

six and thirteen.

28 & 29 Vict,

c. 79.

The Union Charge-

ability Act, 1865.

Section twelve.

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1831

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

29 & 30 Vict.

0. 78.

The County Rate Act,

1866.

The whole Act

29 & 30 Vict,

c. 113.

The Poor Law

Amendment Act,

1866.

Sections ten to twelve.

30 & 31 Vict

0. 102.

The Representation

of the People Act,

1867.

Section seven.

31 & 32 Vict.

0. 122.

The Poor Law

Amendment Act,

1868.

Sections twenty-eight to thirty-

two, and sections thirty-eight,

thirty-nine and forty.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 41.

The Poor Rate Assessment and Collection

Act, 1869.

Sections three to six, nine,

eleven, thirteen, fourteen, sixteen and seventeen; in section eighteen the words "with

" the allowance of the rate

" by the justices, " and section twenty.

37 & 38 Vict

c. 54.

The Rating Act, 1874

1 4

1

Section twelve; and in section

fifteen the definitions of

" valuation list " and

" assessment committee

38 & 39 Vict,

e. 65.

The PubUe Health

Act, 1875.

In section two hundred and

ten, the words from " any

" such rate " to the end of the section; section two hundred and eleven, except sub-

paragraph (c) of paragraph (1)

and paragraph (4) thereof;

section two hundred and

twelve; in section, two

hundred and eighteen the

words " general district rate

" or "; sections two hundred

and nineteen to two hundred

and twenty-three and section

two hundred and twenty-five

except so far as those sections

relate to pilvate improvement

rates; sections two hundred

and thirty and two hundred

and thirty-one, and section

two hundred and forty-eight.

8th Sch.

—cont.

1832

Ch. 90,

Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Sth Sch ——

—^Ohapt^*^ Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

39 & 40 Vict. The Divided Parishes In section six the words "for

c. 61. and Poor Law " which an overseer shall be

Amendment Act, "'appointed and, " and the

1876. word " other."

43 & 44 Vict. The Union Assess- The whole Act.

c. 7. ment Act, 1880.

45 & 46 Vict. The Po<'r Rate The whole Act.

c 20. Assessment and

Collection Act,

1869, Amendment

Act. 1882,

45 &. 46 Vict. The Highway Rate The whole Act, except sections

c 27. Assessment and Ex- one, two and six.

penditure Act. 1882.

45 & 46 Vict. The Municipal Cor- Section one hundred and forty-

c., ' 0 potations Act, 1882. four, except subsections (1)

and (2); section one hundred and forty-five; subsection (1) of section one

hundred and forty-six from

" on receipt of " to the words

" in the borough " where

those words secondly occur;

j subsections (3). (4), (6). and

(6) of section one hunted and

I forty-six; sections one hun-

j dred and forty-seven and one

I hundred and forty-eight; sub-

t section (5) of section one

hundred and ninety-seven;

in subsection (2) of section

one hundred and ninety-eight

the words "allowed by two

" justices usually acting in

" and for the borough and

" has been, " section one hundred and ninety-nine, section

two hundred and thirty-

eight.

61 & 52 Vict. The Local Govern- Subsection (21 of section thirty-

c. 41. ment Act, 1888, three.

62 & 53 Vict,

c. 63.

The Interpretation Section five.

Act, 1889.

1925.

Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925. Ch. 90.

1833

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent oi Repeal.

63 & 54 Vict,

c. 17.

64 & 65 Vict,

c. 33.

The Public Health

(Rating of Orchards)

Act, 1890.

The Allotments Rating Exemption Act,

1891.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

Sth Sch.

—cent.

55 & 56 Vict,

c. 53

The Public Libraries In subsection (1) of section

Act, 1892. eighteen the words from " and

" (c) where " to the end of the subsection.

56 & 57 Vict,

c. 73.

The Local Govern- Subsection (1) and paragraph

ment Act, 1894. (a) of subsection (2) of section

five; in subsection (1) (c) of

section six paragraph (i); in

paragraph (5) of section nineteen the words from " The

" power and " to the words

" the parish meeting and ";

in subsection (1) of section

» thirty-three the words from

" all or any of " to the words

" liabilities of overseers and";

sections thirty-four and fifty;

subsection (3) of section

eighty-one; in rule 7 of

Part I of the First Schedule

the words "the appointment

" of an overseer" and the

words ‘‘ an assistant overseer

" or"; in rule (3) of Part

II of the First Schedule the

words " and to appoint the

‘‘ overseers."

69 & 60 Vict. The Agricultural

c. 16, Rates Act, 1896.

In section five the words "and

" in the basis or standard for

" any county rate and in any

" valuation made by the

" council of a borough or any

" other council for the pur-

" pose of raising the borough

" or other rate "; in section

nine the definition of "rate-

" able value."

1834

Ch. 90, 91.

Rating and Valuation 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1925.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

1 Extent of Repeal.

10 & 11 Geo. 6.

c. 17.

j

The Increase of Rent

and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions)

Act, 1920.

Subsection (1) of section sis-

. teen.

13 & 14 Geo. 5.

The Agricultural

In subsection (2) of section

c. 39.

Rates Act, 1923.

six the words from " and

section nine " to the end

of the subsection, and the

substituted definition of

rateable value in Part II

of the Schedule.

CHAPTER 91.

An Act to amend Part I. of the Mines (Working

Facilities and Support) Act^ 1923, with respect

to the payment of money into Court.

[22nd December 1925.]

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Amendment

of Part I. of

13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 20

as to the

payment of

money into

Court.

1.—(1) Where under Part I. of the Mines (Working

Facilities and Support) Act, 1923 (hereinafter referred

to as the principal Act), the Railway and Canal Commission have determined that a right should be granted

subject to the payment of compensation or consideration, the Commission may in any case where they think

fit—

(a) where the amount of the compensation or consideration has been determined by them, order

the payment into Court of the whole or any

part thereof;

1925. Mines {Working Ch. 91. 1835

Facilities and Support) Act, 1925.

(6) pending the determination of the amount of the

compensation or consideration, order the payment into Court of such sum on account thereof

as the Commission think fit.

(2) Money required to he paid into Court under the

principal Act or this Act shall, subject to rules made

under Part VI. of the Supreme Court of Judicature 15 & 16

(Consohdation) Act, 1925, be paid into the Supreme Geo. 5. c. 49.

Court, and shall be subject to the Acts, rules and orders

relating to funds in the Supreme Court, except that it

may, subject to rules made under the said Part VI.,

be paid out on the order of the Railway and Canal

Commission:

Provided that the Commission shall not make an

order for payment out of money in any case where it

appears to them that the question of title involved is one

which would more properly be dealt with by the Supreme

Court.

(3) In the application of this Act to Scotland the

Court of Session shall be substituted for the Supreme

Court, Act of Sederunt shall be substituted for rules

made under Part VI. of the Supreme Coui't of Judicature

(Consohdation) Act, '1925, and references to payment

into court shall be construed as references to eonsignation.

2. This Act may be cited as the Slines (Working Short title.

Fachities and Support) Act, 1925, and the principal Act

and this Act may be cited together as the Mines

(Working Facilities and Support) Acts, 1923 and 1925.

TABLE II

Showing the Effect of the Legislation of 1925.’

FORMER ACTS

(IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED

OR AMENDED BY ACTS OF

15 & 16 GEO. 5.

JStatute and

Chajitfr.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter ot

I 15 A: lt> KcO. 5.

20 Hen. 3

(Slot. Merton I c. 2

Widows’ bequest of

com on their lands.

Dower abolished as to

deaths after 1925.

23, ss. 45 (1)

58 (2) (3).

13 Edw. 1

(»S t a t. \

ir 6 < m.

sec.):

c. 19 -

The ordinary

chargeable to pay

the debts mf an

intestate.

Repealed as to deaths

after 1925.

23. ss. 58

(2) (3), Sell. 2,

pt. I.

c. 23 -

c. 34 -

Writ of accompt for

executors.

Dower forfeited by

elopement with

adulterer.

Repealed as to deaths after

1926.

From " and if a wife willing-

" ly " to " restored to her

" action " repealed as

to deaths after 1925.

23, as. 5t>, r>s

(2) (3), Sch. 2.

pt. I.

23. b^. '>6, '>8

(2) (3|, Sch. 2.

pt. I.

25 Edw. 1:

c. 7

Widow; her marriage estate; quarantine; estovers;

dower; re-marri-

age.

Repealed as to deaths after

1925.

23 ss. 56, 58

(2) (3). Sch. 2.

pt. 1.

c. 18

The King’s tenant,

his debtor.

From " and the residue "

to " reasonable parts "

repealed as to deaths

after 1925.

23. ss. 56, 5S

(2) (3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

Statute '

{temp, in-

cert.).

Statute concerning

tenants by the

curtesy of England.

Repealed as to deaths after

1925.

2.3, ss. 45 (1)

(6). .54, 56, 58

(2) (3), Sch. 2

pt. I.

♦ Enactments made permanent by the Expirinff Laws Act, 1925 (15 & Ifi

Geo. 5. c. 76) are included in this table. Enactment.^ annually continued are not

included.

1838

Effect of Legislation.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

' How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. S.

Statute Pre-

rogativa

Regis

(temp

incert.)

0. 18.

Customs of Gloucester and Kent.

' Repealed from " Keverthe-

1 " less it is used " as to

deaths after 1925.

/ 1

i

23, ss. 45 (1)

(a), 54, 50, OS

(2), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

4 Edw. 3.

c, 7.

Executors’ action

1 of trespass for

wrong done to

their testator.

Repealed as to deaths after

1923.

23, ss. 50, .58

(2) (3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

25 Edw. 3.

st. 5. c. 5.

Executors of executors.

Repealed as to deaths after

1925.

23, KS. 5(), oS

(2) (3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

31 Edw. 3.

st. 1. c. 11.

Administration

upon intestacy.

1

Repealed as to deaths after

1925.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

23. ss. 56, 58 (2)

(3). Seh.2, pt. I.

49, 88. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 0.

36 Edw. 3.

0. 12.

Quarter sessions -

1 Repealed (June 1, 192(i) -

1 1

86. K. 49 (4) (.'»),

Sell. , 3.

2 Hen. 5.

c. 4.

Sessions

From " that is to say in the

first week " repealed

(June 1, 1926).

HO, s. 49 (1) (.5),

Sch. 3.

14 Hen. 0.

c. 1.

Justices of nisi prius

may give judgment &o. in treason and felony.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

1

49, ss. 220. 227

1 (2), Sch. 0.

3 Hen. 7.

c. 3.

An Act th%t Justices of Peace

may take Bail.

The words from' " and

over " to " 190.?." repealed (Jan. 1, 1926).

49, ss. 220, 227

(2), Sch. (!.

21 Hen. 8:

c. 4

c. 5

Executors

Probate fees, inventories, &c.

Repealed as t<> deaths after

1925.

Repealed as to deaths after

1925.

23, ss. .56, .78

(2) (3), Sch. 2.

pt. I.

23, ss. 56, ."iS

(2) (3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

23 Hen. 8.

c. 9.

An Act that no

person shall be

cited out of the

Diocese except in

certain cases.

Ss. 3, 5 repealed (Jan. 1,

, 1920).

49, ss. 226, 227

(2). Sch. 0.

27 Hen. 8:

c. 10.

c. 16

1

Statute of Uses

Enrolment of bargains of lands, &c.

i Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

5, ss. 1, 12 (.3)

(4), Sch. 1; and

20, S3. 1 (10),

207, 209 (2)

(3), Sch. 7.

5, ss. 10, 12 (3)

(4), Sch. 10.

c. 24

Jurisdiction in liberties.

i

S. 2 repealed as to justices

of assize and gaol delivery

(Jan. 1, 1926).

1

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

A.D. 1925.

Effect of Legislation.

1839

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How Affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

31 Hen. 8.

c. 1.

Joint tenants and

tenants in common.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

5, ss. 10, 12 (3)

(4), Sch. 10.

32 Hen. 8:

c. 28.

Leases -

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

5, ss. 10, 12 (3)

(4), Sch. 10.

c. 32

Joint tenants for

life or years.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

5, ss. 10, 12 (3)

(4), Sch. 10

c. 34

Grantees of reversions.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

c. 37

Recovery of arrears

by executors and

administrators.

Ss. 1-3 repealed as to

deaths after 1925.

23, ss. 56, 58 (2)

(3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

33 Hen. 8.

c. 24.

An Act that no man

shall be Justice of

Assize in his own

coimtry.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926) -

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

34 & 35 Hen.

Recoveries where

Prospectively repealed (by

76, B. 1 (2),

8. 0. 20 -

1 Edw. 6:

reversion in

Crown.

0 . 5. ss. io, 12 (3) (4),

Sch. 10) but continued

permanently.

Sch. 1, pt. IL

c. 7.

Continuance of ac

tions on demise

of Crown.

Act except as to justices of the peace repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 12

5 & 0 1

Edw. 6:

Repeal of statutes

as to treasons,

felonies, &c.

S. 16 repealed as to deaths

after 1925.

1

23, ss. 66, 68 (2)

(3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

r. 11

1

Punishment of treasons.

S. 11 repealed as to deaths

after 1925.

23, S.S. 56, 58 (2)

(3), Sch. 2,

pt. 1.

c. 12

Marriage of priests

and legitimation

of their children.

S. 2 repealed as to deaths

after 1925.

23, ss. 56, 58 (2)

(3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

5 Eliz.

c. 26.

Enrolment of bargains and sales.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

5, ss. 10, 12 (3)

(4), Sch. 10.

8 EUz.

c. 2.

Defendant’s recovery of costs.

Repealed (Oct. 1, 1925)

28, SB. 27, 29 (3)

(5), Sch. 4.

13 Eliz.:

c. 4

Lands of Crown accountants liable

for their debts.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

5, S3. 10, 12 (3)

(4), Sch. 10.

c. 5

Fraudulent conveyances.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

18 Eliz.

C.6. j

1

Colleges of Universities, Winchester

and Eton.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

24, ss. 42, 45 (2),

Sch. 2.

27 Eliz;

c. 3

Lands of Crown accountants.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

5, ss. 10, 12 (3)

(4), Sch. 10.

c. 4

Fraudulent conveyances.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

20, S3. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

1S40

Effect of Legislation. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Statute aiul

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

j How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

43 Eliz.:

Ss. 1 as to appointing over- |

c. 2.

Poor Relief Act,

1601.

seers, 8 the nomination j

of overseers, " 9 repealed

prosp. (E. except London).

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sell. 8.

c. 8.

Fraudulent administration of intestates’ goods.

Repealed as to deaths

after 1925.

23, ss. 56, 58 (2)

(3). Sell. 2,

pt. I.

12 Chas. 2.

[Abolition of feudal

S. 7 from " tenures in

23, ss. 56, 58 (2)

c. 24.

j tenures.

franke almoigne " to "nor

1 to take away " repealed

as to deaths after 1925.

(3), Sell. 2.

pt. I.

14 Chas. 2.

Poor Relief Act,

S. 22 as to appointing over-

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

c. 12.

I 1662.

seers repealed prosp. (E.

except London).

Sch. 8.

22 & 23

Statute of Distribu-

Repealed as to deaths after

23, ss. 56. 58 (2)

Chas. 2.

c. 10.

tion.

1925.

(3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

29 Chas. 2.

0. 3.

Statute of Frauds -

Ss. 1-3. 4 in part, 7- ^, 24

repealed (Ian. 1, 1926).

Ss. 10-1, 23-4, so far as

unrepealed repealed as to

deaths after 1925.

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3). Sch. 7.

23, ss. 66, 58 (2)

(3), Sch. 2,

pt, I,

30 Chas. 2.

Liability of exeou-

Refiealed as to deaths after

1925.

1

23, ss. 56, 58 (2)

0. 7.

tors and administrators of executors in their own

wrong. •

' (3), Sch. 2.

pt. I.

1 Jfis. 2.

Revival and con-

Sk. 5, 7 repealed (Jan. 1,

5, ss. 1, 12 (3),

c. 17.

tinuance of certain Acts.

1926).

Act repealed as to deaths

after 1925.

Sch. 1.

23, ss. 56, 58

(2) (3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

4 Will. &

Mary:

c. 4

Special bail -

1

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 16

Clandestine mortgages.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

20, ss. 207, 20!i

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

c. IH

An Act to prevent

malicious informations in the

Court of King’s

Bench.

Act so far as unrepealed

repealable by rules of

court.

49, 8. 99 (1) (/)

(g), Sch. 1.

c. 24

Revival, continuance, &c., of certain Acts.

1

S. 12 repealed as to deaths

after 1925.

23, ss. 56, 58 (2)

(3), Sch. 2,

pt, I.

8*9 Will. 3.

1

1 An Act for the bet-

Act so far as unrepealed

' 49, 8. 99 (1) (/)

c. 11.

ter preventing of

frivolous and vexatious suits.

repealable by rules of

court.

(g), Sch. 1.

u» Will. 3.

c. 22.

Posthumous children to take estates

as if bom in

1 fathers’ life-time.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

5, ss. 10, 12 (3)

(4), Sch. 10.

A.D. 1925.

Effect of Legislatim.

1841

Statute and

Subject or

How affected.

Chapter of

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

1 Anne, c. 2

Demise of the Crown

S. 5 as to commi.ssions and

writs in England other

than commissions of the

peace, repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

49 S3. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

4 & 5 Anne,

0. 3.

Amendment of law

Ss. 21, 27 repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

Ss. 9, 10 repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

Ss. 12, 13 repealable by

rules of court.

5, ss. 10, 12 (3)

(4), Sch. 10.

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

49, s. 99 (1) (/)

(g), Sch. 1.

■6 Anne, c. 40

Union with Scotland (Amendment) Act, 1707.

S. 4 repealed with savings

81, s. 4, Sch.

7 Anne, o. 20

Middlesex Registry

Act, 1708.

Restricted ...

22, s. 18: see

also 21, s. 135.

iO Anne,

0. 28.

Pleading Act, 1711

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

5, 88. 10, 12 (3)

(4), Sch. 10.

13 Anne,

c. 6.

Mortuaries (Bangor,

&o.) Abolition

Act, 1713.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

5, ss. 10, 12 (3)

(4), Sch. 10.

4 Geo. 2

c, 28.

Landlord and

Tenant Act, 1730.

S. 6 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

7 Geo. 2

c. 20.

Mortgage Act, 1733

Repealable by rules of court

49, 8. 99 (1) (/)

(g). Sch. 1.

11 Geo. 2

c. 19.

Distress for Rent

Act, 1737.

S. 11 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

17 Geo. 2:

c. 3

Poor Relief Act,

1743.

Repealed prosp. (E. except

London).

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sch. 8.

0. 38

Poor Relief Act

1743.

S. 3 repealed prosp. (E.

except London).

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sch. 8.

20 Geo. 2

c. 43.

Heritable Jurisdiction (Scotland)

Act, 1746.

Ss. 31, 33 in pt., 39, 40 in

pt., repealed with savings.

81, s. 4, Sch.

21 Geo. 2

c. 19.

i

Sheriffs (Scotland)

Act, 1747.

8. 13 repealed ...

81, s. 4, Sch.

24 Geo. 2

c. 48.

Michaelmas Term

Act, 1750.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, S3. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

25 Geo. 2:

c. 30

Calendar Act, 1751

S. 4 from " and the usual "

to " October in every

" year, " and from " And

" whereas by another " to

" ninth day of November

" in every year, " repealed

(Jan. 1, 1926).

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 39

British Subjects

Act, 1751.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1920)

5, S3. 10, 12 (3)

(4), Sch. 10.

1842 Ejfect of Legislation. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

34 Geo. 3

c. 58.

Lancaster Palatine

Courts Act, 1794.

Repealed (Oct. 1, 1925) -

28, 88. 27, 29 (3>,

(5), Sch. 4.

38 Geo. 3

Administration of

Repealed as to deaths after

23, ss. 66, 58 (2>

c. 87.

Estates Act, 1798.

1925.

(3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

39 Geo. 3

c. 110.

39 & 40

Geo. 3:

Judges’ Pensions

Act, 1799.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 36

Transfer of Stock

Act, 1800.

i Act so far as vmrepealed

repealable by rules of

court.

49, 8. 99 (1) (/>

(g), Sch. 1.

e. 98

Accumulations Act,

1800.

Repealed (Jaji. 1, 1926)

20, 88. 207, 20»

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

50 Geo. 3

0. 84.

Teinds Act, 1810 -

Repealed - .

33, 8.48, Sch. 12v,

53 Geo. 3

c. 153.

Judges’ Pensions

Act, 1813.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, 88. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

54 Geo. 3:

c. 84

Quarter Sessions

Act, 1814.

Repealed (Jtme 1, 1926) •

86, 8. 49 (4) (5)V

Sch. 3.

c. 91

Poor Law (Overseers) Act, 1814.

Poor Relief Act,

1814.

Repealed prosp. (E. except

London).

9(h 88. 69, 70 (1),

Sch. 8.

c. 170 -

S. 11 repealed prosp. (E.

except London).

90, ss. 69, 70 (1).

Sch, 8.

65 Geo. 3

c. 192.

Disposition of Copy-

holds by Will.

Obsolete —see •

6, 8. 9, Sch. 9.

69 Geo. 3

Poor Relief Act,

Sk. 6, 7 repealed prosp.

90, ss. 69, 70(1),

c. 12.

1819.

(E, except London).

Sch. 8.

3 Geo. 4

c. 10.

Assize Commission

Act, 1822. 1

; Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

4 Geo. 4

c. 76.

Marriage Act, 1823

Ss. 16, 17 repealed (E.)

45, 8. 9 (5) (7).

6 Geo. 4:

c. 72

Teinds Act, 1824 -

Repealed ....

33, 8.48, Sch 12.

e. 83

Vagrancy Act,

S. 4 (indecent exposure)

86, ss. 42, 49 (4)

1824.

am.

(5), Sch. 3.

c. 90

6 Geo. 4:

Additional Churches

for Highlands and

Islands of Scotland.

Ss. 23-4 and (as to payment

of stipend) 13-4, repealed.

33, 8. 48, Sch. 12.

c. 82

Chief Justice’s Pension Act, 1825.

Repealed (Jan 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 84

Judges’ Pensions

Act, 1825.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

9 Geo. 4

c. 29.

Circuit Courts

(Scotland) Act,

1828.

Ss. 1, 3, 4 repealed with

savings.

81, s. 4, Sch.

10 Geo. 4

Court Funtls Act,

Act so far as unrepealed

49, s. 99 (1) (/)

c. 13.

1829.

repealable by rules of

court. 1

(g), Sch. 1.

A.D. 1925.

Effect of Legislation.

1843

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected. !

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

11 Geo. 4 &

1 Will, 4:

c. 36

Contempt of Court

Act so far as unrepealed

49, s. 99 (1) (/)

Act, 1830. •

repealable by rulea of

court.

(g), Sch. 1.

c. 37

Criminal Law (Scotland) Act, 1830.

S. 3 repealed (with savings)

81, s. 4, Sch.

c. 40

Executors Act, 1830

Repealed (E.) as to deaths

23, ss. 56, 58 (2)

after 1925.

(3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

o. 46

Illusory Appointments Act, 1830.

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

20. ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

o. 47

Debts Recovery

Repealed (E.) as to deaths

23, ss. 56, 68 (2)

Act, 1830.

after 1925.

(3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

e. 65

Infants’ Property

Act, 1830.

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

5, 88, 10, 12 (3)

' (4), Sch. 10.

c. 70

Law Terms Act,

1830.

S. 6 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

S. 35 repealed (June 1,

1926).

49, as. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

86. ss. 22, 49 (2)

(4) (5), Sch. 3.

1 Will. 4

Law Terms (Expla-

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

c. 3.

nation) Act, 1830.

(2), Sch, 6.

1 & 2 Will. 4

0. 45.

Augmentation of

Benefices Act,

1831.

S. 16 excluded -

24, s. 33 (2).

2 & 3 Will. 4

Contempt of Court

Act so far as unrepealed

49, s. 99 (1) (/>

0. 58.

Act, 1832.

repealable by rules of

court.

(ij), Sch. 1.

3&4Will4:

0. 27

Beal Property

Limitation Act,

Saved ....

20, ss. 12, 205(1)

(xii).

1833.

S. 41 repealed (E.) as to

deaths after 1925.

23, 88. 56, 58 (2)

(3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

c. 42

Civil Procedure Act,

Ss. 2, 37, 38 repealed as to

23, ss. 56, 58 (2)

1833.

deaths after 1925.

Ss. 16, 18 repealable by

rules of court.

(3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

49, 8. 99 (1) (/)

(g), Sch. 1.

c. 71

Assizes Act, 1833 -

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, -ss.- 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 74

Fines and Re-

Ss. 2-14, 18, 18 (but see

5, 83. 1, 10, 12

coveries Act, 1833

below), 29-31, 41, 46,

50-4, 69, 66, 73 ^, 76,

79-90, and in part ss. 32,

(3) (4), Schs. 1,

i 0, and see Sch.

9 for general

1

58, 71, 77 and 91, repealed

(E.) (Jan. 1, 1926).

S. 32 (as to settlements

operating after 1925) repealed, 8. 40 from " and

" any deed" virt. repealed,

enrolment under ss. 68

and 71-2 abolished (E.)

(Jan. 1, 1926).

S. 27 " no woman .

dower and " repealed

(E.) as to deaths after

1925.

S. 18 (prosp. repealed above)

continued permanently.

6 A 2

effect.

20. ss. 133, 207,

209 (2) (3),

Sch. 7.

23, ss. 56, 58 (2)

(3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

76, 8. 1 (2), Sch.,

1, pt. 11.

1844

Effect, of Legislation.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Subject or

How affected.

Chapter of

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

3 & 4 Will. 4:

c. 90

Lighting and

Ss. 33 in part, 34 repealed

90, ss. 3 (1), 69,

Watching Act,

prosp. (E. except London).

70 (1), Sch. 8.

1833.

c. 104 -

Administration of

Repealed (E.) as to deaths

23, ss. 66, 58 (2)

Estates Act, 1833

after 1925.

(3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

c. 105 -

Dower Act, 1833 •

Repealed (E.) as to deaths

23, ss. 56, 58 (2)

after 1925.

(3), Sch. 2,

pt. I,

c. 106 -

Inheritance Act,

How far remaining in force.

5, s. 9, Sch. 9

1833.

see

and 23, s.51(2).

4 & 6 wm. 4

Central Criminal

Applicable by O. in C. to

49, ss. 73-4.

c. 36.

Court Act, 1834.

adjoining counties, s. 15

amended.

5 & 6 Will. 4

Highway Act, 1835

Powers under ss. 82 and 85

c. 60.

extended to :—-

1

tenants for life -

18, s. 56(3).

universities and colleges

24, s. 16(3).

Ss. 27 from " and provided

90, ss. 64 (1) (e).

also," 28-9, 31-2, 34, 36-

40 prosp. repealed, s. 33

saved (E. except London).

69. 70 (1), Sch.

8.

6&7WiU.4:

C.87

Liberties Act, 1836

S. 8 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926) -

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

0. 96 -

Parochial Assess-

Repealed prosp. (E. except

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

ments Act, 1836.

London).

Sch. 8.

7 wm. 4 &

i

1 Vict.:

c. 26

WUls Act, 1837 -

Effect of Law of Property

5, 8. 9, Sch. 9.

Act, 1922: see

Ss. 3, 18 amended (E.) (Jan.

20, ss. 177-8,

1, 1926).

209 (2) (3).

<!* 28 ■

Real Property Limi-

Saved ....

20, ss. 12, 205

tation Act, 1837

(1) (xii).

«. 30

Superior Courts

SA 13, 19 repealed (Oct. 1,

28, ss. 27, 29

(Officers) Act,

1925).

Schs. 4, 5.

1837.

Act repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 46

Parish Notices Act,

S. 2 applied ...

90, ss. 6 (2) (3).

1837.

70(1).

1 & 2 Vict.:

j

c. 74

Small Tenements

Applied ....

14, s. 13(1).

Recovery Act,

1838.

c. 110 -

Judgments Act,

S. 13 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

20, ss, 207, 209

1838.

Ss. 14, 15 repealable by rules

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

49, s. 99 (1) (/)

1

of court.

(ff), Sch. 1.

2 & 3 Vict.:

e. 11

Judgments Act,

Ss. 10, 11 repealed (Jan. 1,

5, as. 10, 12 (3)

1839.

1926).

(4), Sch. 10.

Ss. 4, 7, 10-1 repealed (Jan.

22, ss. 24, 26 (2)

1, 1926).

(3). Sch.

0. 00

Debts Recovery

Repealed (E.) as to deaths

23, ss. 56. 58 (2)

Act, 1839.

after 1925.

(3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

e. 72 - 1

Assizes Act, 1839

1 Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

1

49, a.s. 226, 227

1

1 (2), Sch. 6.

A.D. 1925.

Effect of Legislation.

1845

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or 1

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 6.

3 & 4 Vict.:

c. 65

Admiralty Court

Act, 1840.

Ss. 18 (wrongly shown as

repealed in Statutes Revised), 20-1 repealed (Oct.

1, 1926).

Ss. 3, 4, 6, 22. 23 repealed

(Jan. 1, 1926), ss. 7-9 re-

pealable by rules of court.

28, 88. 27, 29,

Sells. 4, 5.

49, ss. 99 (1) (/)

{, j), 226, 227

(2), Schs. 1, 6.

c. 82

Judgments Act,

1 1840.

Act so far as unrepealed re-

pealabte by rules of court.

49, s. 99 (1) (/)

(!/), Sch. 1.

c. 88

County Police Act,

1840.

S. 4 repealed prosp.

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sch. 8.

e. 113 -

Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act,

1840.

S. 69 repealed (Jam. 1, 1926)

24, ss. 42, 45 (2),

Sch. 2.

5 Vict. c. 5 -

Court of Chancery

Act, 1841.

S. 4 repealable by rules of

court.

49, 8. 99 (1) (/)

(g), Sch. 1.

5 & 6 Vict.:

0. 29

Pentonville Prison

Act, 1842.

S. 28 in part repealed

86, s. 49 (4) (5),

Sch. 3.

c. 38

Quarter Sessions

Act, 1842.

S. 1 (9) repealed

86, s. 49 (4) (5),

Sch. 3.

c. 54

Tithe Act, 1842 -

8. 14 excluded

87, ss. 18(1), 23.

c. 86

Exchequer Court

Act, 1842.

Limitations of

Actions and

Costs Act, 1842.

Act so far as unrepenled repealable by rules of court.

49, s. 99 (1) (/)

(?), Sch. 1.

c. 97

Ss. 4, 6 repealable (E.) by

rules of court.

49, 8. 99 (1) (/)

(g), Sch. 1.

c. 103 •

Court of Chancery

Act, 1842.

Ss. 6, 11 from " and every

" solicitor " repealed (Oct.

1, 1925).

Act repealed (Jan. 1, 1926).

1

28, ss. 27, 20,

Schs. 4, 5.

49, ss. 226, 227

(2) Sch. 6.

6 & 7 Vict.:

c. 68

Theatres Act, 1843

S. 15 am. (E.) -

86, 8. 43.

c. 73.

Solicitors Act, 1843

Amended as to powers of

Master of the Kolls.

49, s. 215 (3).

7 & 8 Vict.:

c. 32

Bank Charter Act,

1844.

Saved (Colonial Bank note

issue).

cvi., s. 20.

c. 101 -

8 & 9 Vict.:

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1844.

Ss. 22, 62 repealed prosp.,

32 ext.

90, ss. 12 (3) (4),

69, 70 (1). Sch.

8.

c. 15

Auctioneers Act,

1846.

Excluded - . -

49, s. 221.

c. 18

Lands Clauses Consolidation Act,

1845.

Ss. 84-90, 92 excluded (Jl.)

Act incorporated (E.) (with

mods).

Applied (except ss. 02, 123)

(E.).

S. 133 am. prosp. (rates)

(E. except London).

14, ss. 106 (1)

(2), 131 Sch. 2.

24, S8. 34, 45 (2).

71, 8. 33 (8).

90, S3. 2 (7), 70

(1).

c. 19

Lands Clauses Con-

sohdation (Scotland) Act, 1846.

Ss. 83-8 excluded, 127

restricted.

1.5, ss. 89(1), 115.

c. 20

Railways Clauses

Consolidation Act,

1846.

S. 78 (forty yards provision)

see ,

18, s. 58(3); 24,

s. 17 (3).

c. 83

Poor Law (Scot-

i land) Act, 1845.

S. 54 from " provided also "

repealed.

33, 8. 48, sch. 12.

1846

Effect of Legislation.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

8 & 9 Vict.:

c. 108 -

Eeal Property Act,

1845.

S. 8 repeated (E.) (Jan. 1,

1926).

Ss. 2-7, 9 repealed (E.)

(Jan. 1, 1926). .

5, ss. 10, 12 (3)

(4), Sch. 10.

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

c. 112 -

Satisfied Terms Act,

1845.

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

9 & 10 Vict.:

0. 74

Baths and Washhouses Act, 1846.

S. 34 from " and such bye-

" laws " to " Sch. (A) to

" this Act, " Sch. (A), repealed; 8. 34 from " and

" for determining " to

" bathing places respec-

" tively " repealed prospectively; 8. 34 extended.

71, ss. 1(6), 2(4),

9, 85-6, 87 (2),

Sch. 6.

c. 93

Fatal Accidents

Act, 1846.

Saved (E.) ...

23, s. 26 (6).

10 & 11 Vict.:

c. 16

Gas Works Clauses

Act, 1847.

S. 7 excluded (E.)

71, s, 80.

0. 17

Waterworks Clauses,

Act, 1847.

S. 22 (forty yards provisions)

(E.). See

S 29 excluded (E.) •

18, s. 58 (3), and

24, s. 17 (3).

71, s. 80.

c. 34

Towns Improvement Clauses Act,

1847.

Ss. 69, 70, 74 extended (E.)-

Ss. 176-7 prosp. repealed

(E. except London).

71, ss. 21, 24.

00, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sch. 8.

c. 61

Baths and Washhouses Act, 1847.

S. 7 and Sch. repealed

prospectively.

71, 88. 2 (4), 9

(1), 86, Sch. £

pt. I.

<5. 89 •

Town Police Clauses

Act, 1847.

Ext. (hackney carriages) -

71, 8. 76.

11 & 12 Vict.:

c. 42

Indictable Offences

Act, 1848.

1

Ss. 11 (except as applied),

16 " within the jurisdic-

" tion of such justice," 17

from " and if upon the

trial," 18 repealed, Sch.

Form N. virt. repealed,

88. 20 applied, 3 made

applic. by rules, 16 ext.

(E.) (June 1, 1926).

86, ss. 12, 17, 19

(4), 31 (4), 49

(4) (5), Sch. 3.

c. 43

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848.

Ss. 7 am., 20 applied, 11

excluded (E.) (June 1,

1926).

86, ss. 28 (3), 29,

31 (4), 49 (4)

(5), Sch. 3.

c. 87

Debts Eecovery

Act, 1848.

Act repealed (E.) as to

deaths after 1925.

23, ss. 66, 68 (2)

(3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

c. 91

Poor Law Audit

Act, 1848.

Ss. 1-2, 11 repealed prosp.

(E. except London).

90, ss. 69, 70(1),

Sch. 8.

e. 110 -

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1848.

S. 7 repealed prosp. (E.

except London).

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sch. 8.

12 & 13Viet.:

e. 8

Poor Law (Overseers) Act, 1849.

Repealed prosp. (E. except

London).

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sch. 8.

c. 14 -

Distress for Eates

Act, 1849.

Excluded ...

90, s. 2 (3) (6).

c. 26

Leases Act, 1849 -

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

Effect of Legislation.

1847

I

A.D. 1925.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5 .

12 & 13 Vict.:

90, ss. 31 (6), 70

c. 45

Quarter Sessions

Act, 1849.

Ss. 12-4 excluded

e. 103 -

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1849.

S. 6 repealed prosp. (E.

except London).

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Seh. 8.

f. 109 -

Petty Ba^ Act,

1849.

Act so far as unropealed re-

pealable by rules of court.

49, s. 99 (1) (/)

(g), Seh. 1.

c. 110 -

Suspension of

Leases Act, 1849.

Repealed (K.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

20. ss. 207. 209

(2) (3), seh. 7.

13 & 14 Vict.:

c. 17

Leases Act, 1850 -

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), seh. 7.

c. 43

Court of Chancery

of Lancaster Act,

1850.

S. 24 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

22, ss. 24, 26 (2),

Seh.

f. 57

Vestries Act, 1850

Ss. 6-9 repealed prosp. (E.

except London).

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sfh. 8.

c. 101 -

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1850.

S. 7 repealed prosp.- (E.

except London).

90, ss. 69, 70(1),

Sch. 8.

14 & 15 Vict.:

c. 41

Chief Justice’s

Salary Act, 1851.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49. ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

oc

Court of Chancery

Act, 1851.

S. 18 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

15 & 16 Vict.:

c. 73

Comrhon Law

Courts Act, 1852.

S. 26 repealed (Oct. 1, 1925)

S. 11 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

28, ss. 27, 29 (5),

Sch. 4.

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

■c, 76

Common Law Procedure ^ct, 1852.

S. 209 repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

Ss. 126, 127, 132, 210-4,

217-20 repealable by rules

of court.

20, ss. 207, 209

(2), Sch. 7.

49, B. 99 (1) (/)

(g), Sch. 1.

«. 80

Court of Chancery

Act, 1852.

Ss. 17, 19-21, 23 repealed

(Oct. 1, 1925).

Act repealed (Jan. 1, 1926).

28, ss. 27, 29,

Schs. 4, 5.

49, as. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

■c. 81

County Rates Act,

1852.

Ss. 4-20, 26 in part, 27-9,

32 " allowed, " 40-3 repealed prosp. (E. except

I, ondon).

90, ss. 69, 70(1),

Sch, 8.

c. 87

Court of Chancery

Act, 1852.

Ss. 3, 4 repealed (Oct. 1,

1925).

Ss. 16, 21, 42 repealed (Jan.

1, 1926).

28, ss. 27, 29 (5),

iSch. 4.

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

16 & 17 Vict.:

c. 107 .

Customs Consolidation Act, 1853.

Ss. 336-345 applied

88, s. 1 (3).

0. 137.

Charitable Trusts

Act, 1853.

S. 60 amended -

27, as. 2, 3 (2).

17 & ISViot.:

c. 34

Attendance of Witnesses Act, 1854.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926) as

to issue of process by High

Court in E.

49, as. 49, 226,

227 (2), Sch. 6.

o. 80

Registration of

Births, Deaths

and Marriages

(Scotland) Act,

1854.

S. 13 repealed ...

S. 6 extended ...

33, s. 48, Sch. 12.

70, a. 45 (4) (a)

(h).

1848

Effect of Legislation.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Subject or

How affected,

1

Chapter of

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

17 & ISVict.:

c.

97

Inclosure Act, 1854

S. 11 prov'iso, and in part

20, ss. 207, 209

s. 13, repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

(2), Sch. 7.

c.

113 -

Real Estate Charges

Act repealed (EJ as to

deaths after 1923.

23, ss. 56, 58 (2>

Act. 1854.

3), Sch. 2, pt.

18 & 19 Vict.:

c.

15

Judgments Act,

S. 11 in part repealed (Jan.

20, as. 207, 209

1855.

1, 1926).

(2), Sch. 7.

Ss. 3, 12-4 repealed (Jan.

22, ss. 24, 26

1, 1926).

(2), Sch.

c.

68

Burial Grounds

Ss. 12-3, 18 applied -

33, s. 32.

(Scotland) Act,

1855.

c.

120 .

Metropolis Man-

S. 190 amended (housing) -

14, 8. 84 (2) (ii).

agement Act,

1865.

c.

124 .

Charitable Trusts

S. 18 repealed ...

27, ss. 1 (4), 3 (2)

Amendment Act,

1855.

c.

134 -

Court of Chancery

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

Act, 1865.

(2), Sch. 6.

19 & 20 Vict.

Coastguard Service

1

Repealed - ,

88, 8. 3 (4).

c.

83.

Act, 1856.

20 Tict.

Extra Parochial

S. 1 from " and the jus-

90, 88. 69, 70(1),

c.

19.

Places Act, 1857.

tices " repealed prosp.

(E. except London).

Sch. 8.

20 & 21 Vict.!

c.

67

Married Women’s

Ss. 1 as to acknowledg-

6, ss. 10, 12 (3>

Reversionary Interests Act, 1857.

ment, and 2 repealed (E.).

(4), Sch. 10.

c.

77

Court of Probate

Ss. 7*^80 repealed as to

23, ss. 66, 68 (2),

Act, 1857.

deaths after 1925.

Sch, 2, pt. I.

Ss. 19, 81, 88, 94 (Oct. 1,

28, ss. 27, 29,

1925) and, prospectively,

ss. 46 in pt. 47 and 49 in

Schs. 4, 6.

pt., repealed.

Ss. 4, 13, 20-3, 29, 30, 46-

49, SB. 99 (1) (/>

63, 8. 58 from " and the

" decision of the Court of

(g), 226, 227

(2), Schs. 1, 6.

" Probate, " ss. 69, 61-4,

66-9, 87, 89-93, 110, 119

and Sch. A. repealed

(Jan. 1, 1926), ss. 24, 26,

31, repealable by rules of

Court.

c.

79

Probates and Let-

S. 95 repealed as to grants

49, s. 226, Sch.6.

ters of Adminis-

where death after March,

tration (Ireland)

Act, 1857.

1923.

c.

85

Matrimonial Causes

Ss. 36-8, 40, 53-4, 67 re-

28, ss. 27, 29,

Act, 1867.

pealed (Oct. 1, 1925).

Schs. 4, 6.

Ss. 2, 6, 7, 12-3, 16-7, 21

49, 88. 99 (1) (/)

as to High Court, 22-31,

(g), 226, 227

33-6, 45, 55, 67-8, 66

repealed (Jan. 1, 1926),

(2), Schs. 1, 6.

39, 41-4, 46, 49 repeal-

able by rules of comt.

I

A.D. 1925.

Effect of Legislation.

1849

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

21 & 22 Vict.:

c. 44

Universities and

College Estates

Act, 1858.

Confirmation, of

Executors (Scotland) Act, 1858.

Legitimacy Declaration Act, 1858.

- Court of Probate

Act, 1858.

o. 108 Matrimonial Causes

Act, 1858.

22 Vict,

c. 26.

22 & 23 Vict;

c. 17

Supeiannufition

Act, 1859.

Vexatious Indictments Act, 1859.

Queen’s Remem- S. 17 repealed (Jan. 1,

brancer Act, 1859. 1926).

Law of Property S. l.S repealed (E.) (Jan. 1,

Amendment Act, 1926).

1859. Ss. 23, 27-9 repealed (E.)

(Jan. 1, 1926).

Ss. 1-3, 10-2, 21, 24 repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926).

8. 22 repealed (E.) (Jan. 1,

1926).

Ss. 14^8 repealed (E.) as to

deaths after 1925.

Matrimonial Causes Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

Act, 1859.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

S. 12 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

S. 4 from " and the powers"

to " before the court, "

repealed (Oct. 1, 1925).

Act, except s. 3 and except

as to Scotland, repealed

(Jan. 1, 1926), s. 3 re-

pealable (E.) by rules of

court.

Ss. 16, 18 9, 21-2, repealed

as to deaths after 1925.

Ss. 15, 17, 21 in pt., and 28

(Oct. 1, 1925), 20 in pt.

prospectively repealed.

Ss. 3, 8, 10, 12, 20, 24-7, 29

as to grants where death,

after March, 1923, and

Bs. 35 and 37 repealed

(Jan. 1, 1926), s. 23 repeatable by rules of court.

Ss. 5, 14 repealed (Oct. 1,

1925).

Ss. 4, 6-11 and 15 repealed

(Jan. 1, 1926), s. 13 repeal-

able by rules of court.

1 S. 10 excluded -

S. 1 extended -

24, ss. 42, 45 (2),

Sch. 2.

49, BS. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

28, s. 29, Sch. 5.

49, ss. 99 (1) (/)

(g), 226, 227

(2) Schs. 1, 6.

23, ss. 56, 58 (2),

Sch. 2, pt. I.

28, 88. 27, 29,

Schs. 4, 5.

49, ss. 99 (1) (/>

(g), 226, 227

(2), Schs. 1» 6-

28, ss. 27, 29 (5),

Sch. 4.

49, 88. 99 (!)(/)

ig), 226, 227

(2), Schs.

. 49. B. 128 (l)(c)-

72, 8. 1 (4),

49, ss. 226j 227

(2), Sch. 6.

18, ss. 119f 120

(2) (3), Soh- 6-

19, ss. 70, ^1 (2)

(3), Sch. ?•

20, BS. 207. 200

(2) (3), Soh- /-

22, ss. 24, (2>

(3) f Sch,

23, BS. 66, ^8 (2>

(3), Sch.2.P|, L

49, ss. 220. 22T

(2). Sch. 6.

23 & 24 Vict:

c. 38

Law of Property Act except ss. 6 and 8 re- 5, B '

Amendment Act, pealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926). (4), Sch.

1860. Ss. 6, 8 repealed (E.)(Jan.l, 20, ss- 207.

1926). (3) (3). SJ"’ •

Universities and Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926) . 24, ^2, 4

College Estates 2-

Act Extension,

1850

Ejfect of Legislation.

I

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Subject or

How affected.

Chapter of

Chapter, j

1

[Short Title.]

15 & 16 Geo. 6.

23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict.:

o. 91

Oxford University

S. 2 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 173 (4),

Act, 1860.

1 226, 227 (2),

Sch. 6.

c. 93

Tithe Act, 1860 -

Ss. 11 excluded, 17 ex-

87, as. 18 (2) (3),

tended.

23.

c. 115 -

Crown Debts and

S. 2 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

22, S3. 24, 26 (2),

1

Judgments Act,

1860.

Sch.

c. 126 -

Common Law Pro-

Ss. 1, 22 repealed (Jan. 1,

49, ss. 99 (1) (/)

cedure Act, 1860.

1926), s. 17 repealable by

(g), 226, 227

rules of court.

(2), Schs. 1, 6.

c. 127 -

Solicitors Act, 1860

Ss. 30-1 amended (abolition

of married women’s ac-

5, ss. 10, 12 (3),

Sch. 10.

knowledgments).

S. 20, as to power of Master

49, 8. 215 (3).

of the Rolls, amended.

c. 136 -

Charitable Trusts

S. 18 amended -

27, ss. 2, 3 (2).

Act, 1860.

c. 144 -

Matrimonial Causes

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926) -

49, ss. 226, 227

Act, 1860.

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 149 -

Court of Chancery

S. 9 repealed (Oct. 1, 1925)

28, ss. 27, 29 (5),

Act, 1860.

Ss. 2, 3, 5, 6 repealable by

Sch. 4.

49, 8. 99 (1) (/)

rules of court.

(g), Sch. 1.

24 & 25 Vict.:

c. 10

Admiralty Court

Ss. 13, 21, 23, 30, and in 27

28, ss. 27, 29,

Act, 1861.

" or deputy " repealed

(Oct. 1, 1925).

Schs. 4, 5.

i

Ss. 4, 6, 7, 8, 10-1, 27, 35,

repealed (Jan. 1, 1926).

49, ss. 99 (1) (/)

(g), 226, 227

Ss. 16, 18, 25-6, 28, 33-4,

(2), Schs. 1, 6.

fepealable by rules of

court.

c. 53

Poor Removal Act,

S, 10 repealed prosp. (E.

90. S3. 69, 70 (1),

1861.

except London).

Sch. 8.

«. 97

Malicious Damage

Offences imder ss. 16-7

86, ss. 18, 24, 49

Act, 1861.

triable at quarter sessions,

tmder ss. 16, 20-1, 51

(5), Schs. 1, 2.

punishable summarily (E.).

c. 99

Coinage Offences

Misdemeanours punishable

86, ss. 24, 49 (3)-

Act, 1861.

summarily, s. 28 repealed

(E.).

(5), Schs. 2, 3.

c. 100 -

Offences against

Ss. 43 from " and if the

86, ss. 24, 39, 49

the Person Act,

justice," 57 " England

or " (where occurring sec-

(4) (5), Schs. 2,

1861.

3.

ondly) repealed, 42-3 am, |

offences under ss. 20, 47

punishable summarily

(E.).

«. 133 -

Land Drainage

S. 35 (annual charge):see

22, s. 10 (1)

Act, 1861.

(ii).

25 &'26 Vict.:

0. 63.

Land Registry Act,

Determined as to registra-

21, s. 137(1) (2).

1862.

tion of title.

c. 103 -

Union Assessment

Repealed prosp. (E. except

90, ss. 17 (2), 48,

Committee Act,

London).

57, 65, 68 (3),

1862.

69, 70 (1), Sch.

8.

Effect of Legislation.

1851

I

A.D. 1925.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5i

27 & 28 Vict.:

0 . 39

Union Assessment

Committee Amendment Act, 1864.

Repealed prosp. except ss.

6, 13 (E. except London).

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sch. 8 .

<j. 44

Matrimonial (vauses

Act, l«b4. j

Act as to High Court repealed (Jan. 1, 1926).

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6 .

c. 114

Improvement of i

Land Act, 1864.

S. 9 extended (S.)

Powers of Min. extended

(E.).

S. 59 (" teinds ") extended

(S.).

15, 8 . 64.

18, s. 115 (1).

33, 8 . 47 (3).

28 & 29Viet.:

c. 48 -I

Courts of Justice

Building Act, |

I 860 .

Ss. 18-21 repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6 .

c. 79

Union Chargeabil-

ity Act, 1865.

S. 12 repealed prosp. (E.

except London).

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sch. 8 .

29 & soviet.:

c. 32 -

Matrimonial Causes

Act, 1866.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926) •

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6 .

c, 78

County Rate Act,

1866.

Repealed prosp. (E. except

London).

90, ss. 69, 70(1) *

Sch. 8 .

c. 113 -

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1866.

Ss. 10-2 repealed prosp.

(E. except London).

90, ss. 69, 70(1),

Sch. 8 .

30 & 31 Vict.:

0 . 35

Criminal Law

Amendment Act,

i 1867

S. 3 repealed (June 1, 1926)

86, 8 . 49 (4) (5),

Sch. 3.

c. 47

Lis Pendens Act,

1867.

S. 2 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

22, ss. 24, 26 (2),

Sch.

c. 69

Real Esta/o Charges Act, 1867.

Act repealed (E.) as to

deaths after 1925.

23, ss. 56, 68

(2) (3), Sch. 2,

pt. 1 .

o. 87

Court of Chancery

(Officers) Act,

1867.

Act repealed (Oct. 1, 1925)

28, 88 . 27, 29 (5),

Sch. 4.

c. 102 -

Repre.sentation of the People Act,

1867.

S. 7 repealed prosp. (E.

except London).

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sch. 8 .

c. 144 -

Policies of Assurance Act, 1867.

Saved ....

20, s. 136 (2).

31 & 32 Vict.:

c. 4

Sales of Reversions

Act, 1867.

Act repealed (E.) (Jan. 1,

1926).

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

e. 40

Partition Act, 1868

Act repealed (E.) with

saving for existing proceedings (Jan. 1, 1926).

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

c. 77

Matrimonial Causes

Act, 1868.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, 8S. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6 .

c. 96

Ecoles. Buildings

and Glebes (S.)

Act, 1868.

Ss. 3 amended, 16-20 applied.

33, ss. 2 (2), 27-

8, Sch. 11.

c. 100 -

Court of Session

Act, 1868.

Ss. 9 amended, 106 extended.

33, 8 . 41.

c. 110 -

Telegraph Act,

1868.

Offences punishable summarily (E.).

86, s. 24, Sch. 2.

c. 119 -

Regulation of Railways Act, 1868.

Ss. 30—2 applied

16, 8 . 17;

17, 8 . 16.

c. 122 -

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1868.

Ss. 28-32, 38-40 repealed

1 prosp. (E. except London).

90, 88 . 48, 69, 70

(1), Sch. 8 .

1852

Effect of Legislation.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How aSeoted.

Chapter of

16 & 16 Geo. 5.

32 & 33Viot.:l

0. 41

Poor Kate Assessment and Collection Act, 1869.

Ss. 3-6, 9, 11, 13-4, 16-7,

18 in part, 20 prosp. repealed, 7-8, 12, 19 prosp.

re-enacted andi applied,

(E. except London).

90, ss. 11 (7)

(10), 69, 70(1),

Sch. 8.

c. 46

Administration of

Estates Act, 1869.

1 Act repealed (E.) as to

deaths after 1925.

23, ss. 56, 68

(2) (3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

c. 62

Debtors Act, 1869

S. 5 excluded -

Offences under s. 13 (1)

punishable summarily

(E.).

70, s. 34 (2).

86, s. 24, Sch. 2.

c. 67

Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

Schedule 3 am. (Hst taking

effect 1926).

40.

c. 68

E\'idence Further

Amendment Act,

1869.

S. 3 as to High Court repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926).

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 89

Clerks of Assize,

&c., Act, 1869.

S. 3 (2) repealed (Oct. 1,

1925) .

Resi<lue repealed (Jan. 1,

1926) .

28, ss. 27, 29 (5),

Sch. 4.

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 91

Courts of Justice

(Salaries and

Funds) Act, 1869.

Ss. 8 and, as to Sup. Ct.

officers, 14 repealed (Oct.

1. 1925).

Ss. 12, 13 as to officers of

Supreme Court repealed

(Jan. 1, 1926.) 1

28, ss. 27, 29,

Schs. 4, 6.

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

33 & 34 Vict.:

c. 10 -

Coinage Act, 1870

S. 8 amended (unless proclam. otherwise directs).

Saved as to convict’s land

(E.).

29, s. 1 (1) (c).

c. 23

Forfeiture Act, 1870

20, 8. 7 (3).

34 & 35 Vict.

Trade Union Act,

S. 7 " not exceeding one

20, ss. 207, 209

c. 31.

1871.

" acre " repealed (E.)

(Jan. 1, 1926).

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

35 & 36 Vict.:

c. 44

Court of Chancery

(Funds) Act, 1872.

Ss. 8, from " and shall, "

para. 1 of 19, 20, 25 repealed (Oct. 1, 1925).

Act repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

28, ss. 27, 29,

Schs. 4, 6.

49, 88. 133 (6),

135, 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 51

Judges’ Salaries

Act, 1872.

S. 4 " in England and "

[? "England and"] repealed (Jan. 1, 1926).

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

36 & 37 Vict.:

c. 31

Matrimonial Causes

Act, 1873.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 66

Supreme Court of

Judicature Act,

1873.

S. 25 (3)-(7) repealed (Jan.

1, 1926).

Ss. 8, 44 and in part ss. 29,

32-3, 34 (2), 52, 60, 83-4

repealed (Oct. 1, 1925).

Act, except ss. 25 (2), 46,

i 64 and 66, repealed (Jan.

[i, 1926): ss. 46, 64, 66

repealable by rules of

1 court.

20, ss. 207, 209

(2), Sch. 7.

28, ss. 27, 29,

Schs. 4, 5.

49, ss. 99 (1) (/)

(sr), 226, 227

(2), Schs. 1, 6.

A.D. 1925.

Effect of Legislation,

1853

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

j Short Title.

How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

37 & 38 Vict.:

c. 37

Powers of Appointment Act, 1874.

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

20, S3. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

c. 45

County of Hertford, &o., Act,

1874.

Ss. 9, 13-5, 18 repealed

(Jime 1, 1926).

86, s. 49 (4) (5),

Sch. 3.

c. 54

Rating Act, 1874 -

S. 12, and defns. of ‘ valuation list' and ‘ assessment

committee ‘ in s. 15 repealed prosp. (E. except

London).

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sch. 8.

c. 78

Vendor and Purchaser Act, 1874.

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

c. 88

Births and Deaths

Registration Act,

1874.

S. 44 extended - - .

70, s. 31 (2).

38 & 39 Vict.;

0. 24

Falsification of Accounts Act, 1875.

Offences punishable summarily (E.).

86, s. 24, Sch. 2.

c. 41

Intestates’ Widows

and Children

(Scotland) Act,

1875.

S. 3 as to resealing of confirmations in England

repealed (Jan. 1, 1926).

49, ss. 168 (3);

226, 227 (2),

Sch. 6.

c. 55

Public Health Act,

1875.

Ss. 184, 327, 332 excluded,

62, 175-8, 182-6, 279,

293-6, 298 applied, 157

and provisions as to byelaws extended.

Ss. 175-8 applied and ext.

to London, 293-6, 298

applied, 234 (2) (3) excluded.

Ss. 160 (1) virt. repealed

(prosp.), 25, 32-4, 53, 112,

213, 234 (4), 257 amended,

21, 36, 91, 96, 123, 130-1,

150, 154, 276 extended,

102-3 applied.

Ss. 210 from " any such

rate, " 211 (except (1) (c)

and (4)), 212, 218 " general

district rate or, " 219-223

and 225 (except as to private improvement rates),

230-1, 248 repealed; 200,

247, 296 ext.; (prosp.)

(E. except London).

14, ss. 6, 63, 68

(3), 87 (3), 100,

108, 112, 116

(2), 135.

16, ss. 8 (2), 18

(2), 20 (4).

71, ss. 4 (2), 19

(3), 35-6, 38,

42, 43 (2), 44

(2), 47, 54 (1).

61, 63 (1) (3),

64, 77 (a), 78

-9, 81-3.

90, ss. 1 (3), 11

(10), 12 (3) (4),

61 (1), 69, 70

(1), Sch. 8.

c. 77 .

Supreme Comt of

Judicature Act,

1875.

S. 10 repealed as to deaths

after 1925.

Ss. 13, 17-8, 22, 23 para. 1

in pt., 8. 24 repealed

(Oct. 1, 1925).

Act repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

23, 83.56, 58(2),

Sch. 2, pt. I.

28, S3. 27, 29,

Schs. 4, 5.

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

<j. 83 •

Local Loans Act,

1875.

S. 12 applied . .

1

90, ss. 13 (1),

70 (1).

c. 87

Land Transfer Act,

1875.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926) -

21, S3. 147, 148

(2), Sch.

o. 89

Pubho Works'Loans

Act, 1875. ‘ 1

Applied C18 amended

1

61, s. 2.

1854

Effect of Legislation.

i

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Subject or

How affected.

Chapter of

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

16 & 16 Geo. 5.

39 & 40 Vict.;

1

c.

17

Partition Act, 1876

Repealed (E.) save for pro-

5, ss. 1, 12 (3)

eeedings pending on Jan.

(4), Sch. l; and

1, 1926.

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

c.

18

Treasury Solicitor

In 88. 2, 4, 6, 7 " personal

23, s. 30 (4).

Act, 1876.

estate ext. to include

real estate.

c.

24

Small Testate Ea-

S. 3 as to resealing of con-

49, S3. 168 (3).

tates (Scotland)

firmations in England

226, 227 (2),

Act, 1876.

repealed (Jan. 1, 1926).

Sch. 6.

c.

36

Customs Consoli-

Sa. 30-1 applied, 106 and

36, s. 10 (2).

j

dation Act, 1876.

provisions as to security

or entry before shipment,

re.stricted.

Sch. 2, pt. Ill

Ss. 30-1 applied

66, s. 10 (2).

S. 42 extended to thera-

60, ss. 3 (3), 8

peutic substances (prosp.).

(2).

Ss. 30-1 applied (temp.). -

79, s. 1 (4),

Sch. 2 [10 (2)].

c.

56

Commons Act, 1876

Applied, 8. 30 extended -

20, s. 194.

c.

57

Winter Assizes

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, as. 226, 227

Act, 1876.

(2), Sch. 6.

c.

59

Appellate Jurisdic-

1

Ss. 16, 17 from " and rules

28, s. 29, Sch. 5.

tion Act, 1876.

" of court for " and 22 repealed (Oct. 1, 1925).

Ss. 15-20 repealed (E.)

49, ss. 226, 227

(Jan. 1, 1926).

(2), Sch. 6.

c.

61

Divided Parishes

S. 6 " for which an overseer

90, ss. 69, 70(1),

and Poor Law-

Amendment Act,

" shall be appointed or "

and " other" repealed

Sch. 8.

1876.

prosp. (E. except London).

c.

70

Sheriff Courts (Scot-

Ss. 42 and 43 as to resealing

49, ss. 226, 227

i

land) Act, 1876.

of confirmations or additional confirmations in

(2), Sch. 6.

1

England repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

40 & 41 Vict.:i

c.

2

Treasury Bills Act,

S. 6 excluded ...

57, s. 2 (2): 78,

1877.

8. 2 (2).

c.

9

Supreme Court of

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926) .

49, ss. 226, 227

Judicature Act,

1877.

(2), Sch. 6.

c.

11

Jurisdiction in

S. 3 from " As to England "

49, 88. 226, 227

Bating Act, 1877.

to " of Justice and " [in

Statutes Revised to " Appeal and "] repealed (Jan.

1, 1926).

(2), Sch. 6.

18, ss. 119, 120

c.

18

Settled Estates

Act repealed (E.) (Jan. 1,

Act, 1877.

1926).

(2) (3), Sch. 6.

c.

25

Sohcitors Act, 1877

Ss. 6, 8, 11 amended (powers

49, 8. 216 (3).

of Ms^ter of the Bolls).

c.

33

Contingent Be-

Act repealed (E.) (Jan. 1,

5, 83. 10, 12 (3)

mainders Act,

1877.

1926).

(4), Sch. 10.

c.

34 -

Beal Estate

Act repealed (E.) as to

23, ss. 66, 68 (2)

1

Charges Act, 1877.

deaths after 1926.

(3), Sch. 2, pt.

c.

46

Winter Assizes

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

Act, 1877.

(2), Sch. 6.

A.D. 1925

Effect of Legislation.

1855

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.-

41 & 42Viot.;

71, ss. 1 (5), 2

(4), 9, 8£k7,

Sch. 5.

c. 14

Baths and Washhouses Act, 1878.

Ss. 4 from " and make

such, " 14, and Sch. repeal^ prospectively; ss.

5-8 repealed and substituted.

c. 19

Matrimonial Causes

Act. 1878.

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 31

Bills of Sale Act,

1878.

S. 10 amended - - .

28, s. 23 (2).

c. 42

Tithe Act, 1878 -

Ss. 1, 5 am.

87, ss. 19, 23, 24

c. 50

County of Hertford

Act, 1878.

Ss. 4 repealed, 5 am. (June

1, 1926).

86, ss. 23 (5). 49

(4) (5), Sch. 3.

c. 76

Telegraph Act, 1878 *

S. 7 extended -

68, s. 1 (6); and

71, 8. 2^ (1)

id).

42 & 43 Vict.:

49, S3. 226, 227

(2), Sob. 6.

c. 1

Spring Assizes

Act, 1879.

Ss. 2 and 4 repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

c. 6

District Auditors

Act, 1879.

Powers of Alin, saved

90, s. 10 (2 .

c. 19

Habitual Drunkards

Act, 1879.

S. 3 (" habitual drunkard ")

extended (E.).

60, B. 3.

0. 21

Customs and Inland

S. 6 excluded •

36, 8. 11.

Revenue Act,

1879.

S. 6 excluded {temp.)

79, 8. 1 (4),

Sch. 2 [11].

c. 22

Prosecution of

Offences, Act,

1879.

8. 5 applied

86, s. 13 (5).

c. 49

Sununary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

S. 31 applied (with mods.) -

S. 34 (2) applied

Ss. 12-3, 36, 39 (1), 45,

Sch. 1 repealed, ss. 38 (2)

added, 9 (2), 31 am., 17

applied (June 1, 1926).

14, 8. 27.

45, 8. 7 (6); and

50, 8. 5.

86, ss. 21, 26(1),

31 (4), 33 (6),

46, 49 (4) (5),

Sch. 3.

e. 78

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Officers) Act, 1879.

Sch. 1 amended (married

women’s acknowledgments).

Ss. 9 (4), 10-1, 13, 16, 18,

22, 26 repealed (Oct. 1,

1925).

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

6, 68. 10, 12 (2),

Sch. 10, and

20, 8. 167.

28, ss. 27, 29,

Schs. 4, 5,

49, ss. 132, 226,

227 (2), Sch. 6.

43 Vict. 0.14

Customs and Inland Revenue

Act, 1880

S. 10 (2) repealed (E.) (Jan.

1, 1926).

49, S8. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

43 & 44Viot.:

c. 7

Union Assessment

Act, 1880.

Repealed prosp. (E. except

[London).

90, 88. 17 (2), 69,

70(1), Sch. 8.

c. 10

Great Seal Act,

1880.

i Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, 88. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 46

Universities and

College Estates

Amendment Act,

1880.

i Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926) •

24, ss. 42, 45 (2),

Sch. 2.

1856

Ejfect of Legislation.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

statute and

■ Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

15 & Geo. 6.

& 45 Vict.;

c. 38

Public Works Loans

Act, 1881.

■ S. 11 repealed -

(E.) 1+. s. 1.36,

Sch. 6: (S.) 15,

s. 120, Sch. 6.

c. 41

i

Conveyancing and

Law of Property

Act, 1881.

In part repealed (E.) (Jan.

1, 1926).

S. 42 (l)-(3) (7) repealed

(E.) (Jan. 1, 1926).

S. 42 (4) (5) repealed (E.)

(Jan. 1, 1926).

Act repealed (E.) except ss.

30 as to deaths before

1926, 42-3 as to instruments operating before i

1926, 2 and 48 (Jan. 1, i

1926).

S. 48 repealed (E.)

5, ss. 1, 12 (3)

(4), Sch. 1.

18, ss. 119, 120

(2) (3), Sch. 5.

19, 88. 70. 71 (2)

(3), Sch. 2.

20, ss. 78, 117(2),

207, 209 (2)

(3), Sch. 7.

49, s. 226, Sch. 6.

c. 44 •

Solicitors Remuneration Act,

1881.

S. 2 extended -

21. 8. 106 (1).

c. 49

Land Law (Ireland)

Act, 1881.

S. 30 amended

34, s. 30 (1).

c. S3 >

j

Army Act, 1881

S. (6) (1) (e) (/) U), Sch. 3

omitted, new ss. 6 (2) (c)

(d) (e), 46 (2) (e), 112 (7),

163 (1) (m), 190 (40a)

added, ss. 8 (1), 9 (1), 18

(1) (4), 46 (2) (6) (7) (8),

47 (1) (5), 57 (1) (2), 83,

115(2) (3a) (10), 137(4),

138 (1), 183 (1), 190 (5)

amended, new ss. 18 (2),

46(9), 113 (l)-(4), n5(4),

190 (16), Sch. 6 (3), substituted, 8. 71 (1) proviso

repealed.

26, ss. 4—14, 16-

7, Sch. 2.

<•. 59

Statute Law Revision and Civil

Procedure Act,

1881.

S. 6 from " matters with

respect " to " and to

all " repealed (Oct. 1,

1926).

S. 6 repealed ...

28, 8. 29, S<’h. 5.

49, 8. 226, Sch. 6.

c. 64

Central Criminal

Court (Prisons)

Act, 1881.

Applicable by 0. in C. to

adjoining counties.

49, s. 73.

c. 68 •

Supreme Court of

Judicature Act,

1881.

S. 26 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

Ss. 11, 22 repealed (Oct. 1,

1925).

Act, except ss. 1 and 9

paras. 3 and 4, repealed.

5, ss. 10, 12 (3),

Sch. 10.

28, 88. 27, 29,

Schs. 4, 5.

49, s. 226, Sch. 6.

45 & 46 Vict.:

1

c. 20

Poor Rate Assessment, &c.. Act,

1882.

Repealed prosp. (E. except

1 London).

1

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sch. 8.

c. 27 - j

Highway Rate

A^ssment and

Expenditure Act,

1882.

Act, except ss. 1, 2, 6,

repealed prosp. (E. except

London).

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sch. 8.

c. 38

Settled Land Act,

1882.

In part repealed (E.) (Jan.

1, 1926).

Act, except s. 30, repealed

with retrospective amdts.

(E.) (Jan. 1, 1926).

5, ss. 1, 12 (3)

(4), Sch. 1.

18, ss. 118-9,

120 (2) (3),

Schs. 4, 6.

A.D. 1925.

Effect of Legislation.

1857

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 10 Geo. 0.

•45 <fc 46 Vict.:

1

c. 39

Conveyancing Act,

1882.

Act repealed (E.) (Jan. 1,

1926).

S. 2 repealed (E.) (Jan. 1,

1926).

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7,

22, ss. 24, 26 (2)

(3), Sch.

c. 43

Bills of Sale Act

(1878) Arndt. Act,

1882.

S. 11 amended -

28, s. 23(1).

«. 48

Reserve Forces

A.ctj 1882.

S. 14 (2) amended

25, s. 17 2) (6).

o. 50

Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

S. 182 (3) repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

S. 12 (1) (6) repealed

S. 223 repealed

Ss. 144 (except (1) and (2) ),

145, 146 (1) in part, (3)-

(6), 147-8, 197 (5), 198 (2)

in part, 199, 238 repealed

prosp.

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

54, 8. 2 (2).

86, a. 49 (4) (5),

Sch 3.

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sch. 8.

■c. 61

Bills of Exchange

Act, 1882.

S. 60 extended ...

49, s. 139.

46 & 47Vift.: '

0. 29

Supreme Court of

Judicature! Funds,

&c.) Act, 1883.

S. 4 (2) repealed (Oct. 1,

1925).

Residue repealed

28, 8. 29, Sch. 5.

49, 8. 226, Sch. 6.

c. 49

Statute Law Revision and Civil Procedure Acft, 1883.

S. 6 repealed (Oct. 1, 1925)

Act repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

28, s. 29, Sch. 5.

49, 83. 209, 226,

227 (2), Sch. 6.

47 & 48Viot.: '

c. 18

Settled Land Act,

1884.

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

18, ss. 119, 120

(2) (3), Sch. 6:

and see 20, s.

29 (4).

c. 20

Greek Marriages

Act, 1884.

S. 1 from " or with such

rules " repealed (Oct.

1, 1926).

28, s. 29, Sch. 5.

c. 61

Supremo Court of

Judicature Act,

1884.

S. 23 repealed (Oct. 1, 1925)

Act repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

28, s. 29, Sch. 6.

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 68 . '

Matrimonial Causes

Act, 1884.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 71

Intestates Estates

Act, 1884.

Repealed (E.) as to deaths

after 1925.

23, ss. 66, 68 (2)

(3), Sch. 2, pt.

I.

58.

c. 72

Disused Burial

Grounds Act,

1884.

Excluded (Greenwich Hospital ground).

48 & 49 Vict.:

c. 25

East India Unclaimed Stock

Act, 1885.

S. 23 (3) repealed (E.)

(Jan. 1, 1926).

19, ss. 70, 71 (2)

(3), Sch. 2.

c. 39 -

Criminal Law

Amendment Act,

1885.

Offences under s. 13 triable

at quarter sessions (E.).

86, 8. 18, Sch. 1.

c. 72

Housing of the

VV^orking Classes

Act, 1885.

S. 9 (1) (2) extended (E.) -

6B

71, s. 43 (1) (3).

1858

Effect of Legislation.

15 & 16 Geo. 6.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How afiected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

49 & soviet.;

c. 1 -

Land Registry Act,

1886.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

21, ss. 147, 148:

(2), Sch.

0. 27

Guardianship of Infants Act, 1886.

S. 6 extended, ss. 2, 3 repealed (E. S.), 8. 7

amended (E.).

45, ss. 3 (1),

4 (3), 6 (7),

7 (1). 11 (4).

60 & 61 Vict.:

c. 23 - 1

Inoumbenta Resignation, &o.. Act,

1887.

S. 4 repealed prosp.

87, S3. 1, 26,

Sch. 2.

c. 30

Settled Land Acts

(Arndt.) Act, 1887.

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

18, ss. 119, 120 '

(2) (3), Sch. 6.

c. 35

Criminal Procedure

(Scotland) Act,

1887.

Ss. 46 to " Justiciary and, "

60 in part, and Sch. P

repealed (with savings),

ss. 64 substituted, 41, 48

60 applied.

81, 88. 2-4, Sch.

c. 49

1

Charitable Trusts

Act, 1887.

S. 4 (2) extended

27, 88. 1 (2), 3 (2).

c. 67

Superannuation

Act, 1887.

.Aju. • •

84, B. 33 (2).

61 & 62Viot.:

c. 25

Railway and Canal

Traffic Act, 1888.

S. 6 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 22T

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 41

Local Government

Act, 1888.

Ss. 138-145 applied -

S. 11 (2) modified

S?. 33 (2) repealed, 74 am.,

71 (3), 80 (3), 120 appUed,

82 (1) (2) saved (prosp.)

(E. except London).

14, s. 13 (1).

68, 8. 1 (4).

90, ss. 9 (2) (c),

18 (4), 64, 69,

70 (1), Schs. 6.

(1). 8.

c. 42

Mortmain and Cha.

ritable Uses Act,

1888.

Ss. 4 (6) (9), 6, 9, ns to

assurances executed after

1925, repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

18, 88. 119, 120>

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 43

County Courts Act,

1888.

S. 184 repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

Ss. 138-145 applied -

Ss. 16, 125 and 187 repealed

(Jan. 1, 1926).

6, ss. 10, 12 (3),

Sch. 10.

14, 8. 13 (1).

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 61

Land Charges Registration and

Searches Act,

1888.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

22, 88. 24, 26 (2),

Sch.

62 & 53 Vict.:

c. 36

Settled Land Act,

1889.

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

6, 88. 1, 12 (3>

(4), Sch. 1.

c. 47

Palatine Court of

Durham Act,

1889.

S. 10 repealed as to Settled

Land Acts (Jan. 1, 1926).

S. 11, "for the time lieing

and, " repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

18, 88. 119, 120

(2), Sch. 6.

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

Effect of Legislation.

1859

I

A.D. 1925.

statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How afiected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

62 & 63 Vict.;

c. 49

Arbitration Act,

S. 21 repealed (Oct. 1, 1925)

28, 8. 29, Soh. 5.

1889.

Ss. 1-13 applied, 13-7 and,

as to references under

order of High Court, 18-

20, and 23 repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

Excluded (save as applied

by county court rules).

Act made applicable by

regs. (to contributory pensions).

Applicable by rules, and

excluded.

49, ss. 91, 226,

227 (2), Sch. 6.

68, s. 9 (4).

70, s. 30 (1) (6).

90, s. 24 (8),

Sch. 5 (2).

c. .50

Local Government

(S.) Act, 1889.

S. 67 extended, 67 (2.)

amended.

S. 76 applied

Ss. 60 (3) (4), 66 extended -

15, ss. 68 (3), 69.

17, 8. 2 (I) (iii).

60, S3. 12 (2),

14 (2).

c. 63

Interpretation Act,

1889.

Applied (except 8. 6) to

Church Assembly Measures:see Church, Assembly Measure No. 1 of

1925.

I S. 5 repealed prosp. (E.

except London).

90, 88. 69. 70(1),

Sch. 8.

c. 72

Infectious Disease

(Notification) Act,

1889.

S. 6 applied (E.)

71, 8. 60.

63<fe54 Vict.:

c. 5

Lunacy Act, 1890 -

Ss. 135-138, as to Itmatic

19, as. 70, 71 (2)

trustees, except where

Judge or Master in Lunacy has concurrent jurisdiction with the High

Court, repealed (E.) (Jan.

1, 1926).

Act applied (E.)

Ss. Ill (3) (5), 163 (2) in

part repealed (E.) (Oct. 1,

1925).

(3), Sch. 2.

21, ss. Ill (6),

148 (2) (3).

28, 8. 29, Sch. 6.

c. 8

Customs and Inland

Revenue Act,

1890.

S. 8 (2) applied - |

66, s. 8 (2).

c. 17

Public Health

Repealed prosp. (E. except

90, ss. 69, 70(1),

(Rating of Orchards) Acta 1890.

London).

Sch. 8.

c. 23

Chancery of Lan-

S. 4 (1) repealed (Jan. 1,

49. 88. 226, 227

caster Act, 1890.

1926).

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 29

Intestates Estates

Act repealed (E.) as to

23, ss. 66, 58 (2)

Act, 1890.

deaths after 1925.

(3), Sch. 2,

pt. I.

c. 44

Supreme Court of

Ss. 2, 3 repealed (Oct. 1,

28, ss. 27, 29,

J udicature Act,

1925).

Schs. 4, 5.

1890.

Act repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 59

Public Health Acts

Part II. (as. 13-5), ss. 18 and

71, ss. 1 (4), 20,

Amendment Act,

1890.

in part 23 virt. repealed

(prospectively) (E.).

25, 38.

6 B 2

1860

4

i

Effect of Legislation. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Statute and

(/liapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How afiected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

53 & r)4 Vict.:

f. 09

Settled Land Act,

1890.

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

18, S3. 119, 120

(2) (3), Sch. 5.

c. 70

Housing of the

Working Classes

Act, 1890.

Act, except s. 74 (1), repealed (E.) (July 1, 1925).

Act repealed (S.) (July 1,

1925) .

S. 74 (1) repealed (Jsm. 1,

1926) .

14, 83. 136, 137

(2) (3), Sch. 6.

15, 83. 120, 121

(2) (3), Sch. 6

18, ss. 119, 120

(2), Sch. 4.

54 & 55Viot.:

c. 14

Supreme Court of

Judicature (London Causes) Act,

1891.

Repealed (Oct. 1, 1925)

28, S3. 27, 29 (6),

Sch. 4.

c. 32

Roads and Streets

in Police Burghs

(S.) Act, 1891.

Am., 8. 3 repealed -

82.

c. 33

Allotments Rating

Exemption Act,

1891.

Repealed prosp. (E. except

London).

90, as. 69, 70(1),

Sch. 8.

c. 38

Stamp Duties Management Act,

1891.

Offences under s. 13 punishable summarily (E.).

86, 8. 24, Sch. 2.

53

Supreme Court of

Judicature Act,

1891.

Ss. 1, 2, and 4 repealed (Jan.

1, 1926).

49, S3. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6,

0. 57

Redemption of Rent

(Ireland) Act, 1891

Act continued, s, 1

amended.

34, s. 23 (3).

c. 64

Lanfl Registry

(Middlesex Deeds)

Act, 1891.

Ss. 1, 3, 4 applied

21, s. 136 (2).

c. 60

Local Registration

of Title (Ireland)

Act, 1891.

S. 34 (2) amended - •

34, 8. 32(1) (6).

c. 70

Public Health (London) Act, 1891.

S. 94 ext. and in part restricted, 8. 114 applied.

14, ss. 6, 68 (3).

55 & soviet.;

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

c. 13

Conveyancing and

Law of Property

Act, 1892.

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

c. 53

Public Libraries

Act, 1892.

S. 18 (1) from "and (c)

where ’’ repealed prosp.

(E. except London).

90, 83. 2 (6), 69,

70 (1), Sch. 8.

c. 55

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

S. 318 excluded-

S. 395 explained

15, s. 81 (1).

51, 8. 14 (4).

c. 57

Private Street

Works Act, 1892.

Ss. 6 ext., 13-4 amended •

71, S3. 35, 77 (6).

c. 58

Accumulations Act,

1892.

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

50 & 57 Vict.:

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), sch. 7.

c. 21

Voluntary Conveyances Act, 1893.

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

c. 39

Industrial and Provident Societies

Act, 1893.

S. 4 (a) excluded

' 1

(E.) 14, S3. 70 (3),

1.35.

(S.) 15, ss- 57

(2), 119.

A.D. 1925.

Effect of Legislation.

1861

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

56 & 67 Vict.:

c. 63

Trustee Act, 1893 - i

Repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926)

with retrospective amdts.

S. 44 repealed (E.) (Jan. 1,

1926).

19, ss. 69, 70. 71

(2) (3), Schs.

1. 2.

20, 88. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

c. 66

Rules Publication

Act, 1893.

1

S. 1 extended ...

S. 1 excluded (Supreme

Ct. rules).

S. 1 excluded (silicosis

schemes).

(E.) 16, s. 6 (4).

(S.) 17, s. 5 (4).

(E.) 49, s. 99.(6).

84, s. 47 (5).

c. 68

Isolation Hospitals

Act, 1893.

S. 13 extended •

1

71, s. 63 (1).

c. 69

Savings Bank Act,

1893.

Sch. 1 extended

34, 8. 2 (4).

c. 73

Local Government

Act, 1894.

1

Ss. 6 (2) repealed, 63 made

applicable.

Ss. 57-8 applied

Ss. 5 (1) and (2) (a), 6 (1)

(c) (i), 19 (5) in part, 33

(1) in part, 34, 50, 81 (3),

Sch. 1 in part, repealed;

ss. 46(1), 56 (1), 68 ext.;

68 (5) excluded; (prosp.)

(E. except London).

14, ss. 23 (4), 52

(3), 73 (4), 136,

Sch. 6.

16, 8. 2 (1) (ii).

90, 88. 1 (3), 60

(3), 69, 70 (1).

Schs. 1 [12], 7

[1 (2)], 8.

57 & 68Viot.:

c. 10

Trustee Act, 1893,

Amendment Act,

1894.

Ss. 1, 4 repealed (E.) (Jan.

1, 1926).

S. 3 repealed (E.) (Jan. 1,

1926).

19, ss. 70, 71 (2)

(3), Sch. 2.

20, 88. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

c. 16

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Procedure) Act, 1894.

Reference to Lis Pendens

Act, 1887, in Sch. repealed (Jan. 1, 1926).

S. 6, Sch. repealed (Oct. 1,

1925).

Act repealed (Jan. 1, 1926) -

22, 83. 24, 26 (2),

Sch.

28, 8. 29, Sch. 5.

49, 88. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 30

Finance Act, 1894

S. 16 (4) as to resealing in

England of Irish grants

where death after March,

1923, repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

49, 88. 169 (2).

226, 227 (2),

Sch. 6.

c. 46

Copyhold Act, 1894

S. 94 definition of "ten-

" ant " repealed.

5. ss. 1, 12 (3)

Sch. 1,

c. 55

Housing of the

Working Classes

Act, 1894.

Repealed

(E.) 14, ss. 136,

137 (2) (3),

Sch. 6; (S.) 15,

ss. 120, 121 (2)

(3), Sch. 6.

c. 57

Diseases of Animals

Act, 1894.

Ss. 19, 72 affected

63, ss. 1 (I),

2(2).

c. 58

Local Government

(Scotland) Act,

1894.

S. 24 (6) repealed

S. 30 (6) applied

Temporary exclusion of s.38

(by 11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 64.

s. 2 (4)) continued.

1.5, 8.120, Sch. 6.

33, 8. 32 (1) (4).

35.

1

1862

Effect of Legislation. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

[statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chaper of

16 & 16 Geo. 6.

67 & 58 Vict.

c. 60

Merchant Shipping

Act, 1894.

Power to exclude as to

certain ships, see—

S. 158 amended -

Ss. 547 saved, 647 (2) (3)

and 565 as to High Court

in England repealed (Jan.

1, 1926).

Ss. 174 (2) (3), 691-2, 695

applied, s. 503 excluded.

S. 680 excluded (E.)

37.

42, s. 1.

49, ss. 22 (1) (a)

(V), 226, 227(2)

Seh. 6.

84, ss. 35 (1) (d)

(g) (h), 39 (4).

86, s. 30.

68 & soviet,

e. 39,

Summary Jurisdiction (Married

Women) Act,

1895.

S. 11 from " rules of court "

repealed (Oct. 1, 1926).

S. 4, from " and shall by

" such cruelty " to " opart

" from him ’’ repealed;

proviso added to s. 7.

28, 8. 29, Sch. 5.

50, ss. 1 (1),

2(1).

60 &'60Viet.;

c. 15

Diseases of Animals

Act, 1896.

S. 1 (1) extended

30, 8. 1 (1) (2).

c. 10 -

Agricultural Rates

Act, 1896.

S. 5 in part, defn. of " rateable value " in s. 9 repealed prosp. (E. except

London).

90, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sch. 8.

c. 26

Friendly Societies

Act, 1896,

Ss. 47-50 saved as to land

(E.).

Ss. 8 (1) proviso, 16, 41

excluded.

20, 8. 7 (3).

84, s. 31 (8).

c. 35

Judicial Trustees

Act, 1896.

S. 3 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

19, ss. 70, 71 (2),

Sch.

e. 47

Land Law (Ireland)

Act, 1896.

S4. 35 amended, 32 (2)

saved.

34, ss. 12 (1), 13

(o), 32 (1).

c. 61

Vexatious Actions

Act, 1896.

Repealed (Jan, 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 69

Baths and Washhouses Act, 1896.

Ss. 2 proviso (6), 3 ‘‘ with

" fourteen days’ previous

" notice, ’* repealed; s. 2

(a) (c) saved.

71, ss. 2 (5), 9

(2), 87 (3), Sch.

6, pt. II.

60 & OlViet.:

0. 38

Public Health

(Scotland) Act,

1897.

Ss. 7-10, 72, 83, 141, 144,

146, 183-7 applied.

Ss. 7-10, 144 applied

Ext. (insulin) ...

15, ss. 19, 24, 50,

68 (2), 84, 93,

96 (2).

17, ss. 8 (2), 17

(2).

75.

c. 65

Land Transfer Act,

1897.

Part 1. (ss. 1—5) and other

provisions repealed (Jan.

1, 1926).

Act, except Part I., repealed (Jan. I, 1926.).

5, S3. 1, 12 (3),

Seh. 1.

21, ss. 147, 148

(2), Sch.

61 & 62 Vict.:

c. 48

Benefices Act, 1898

Saved ....

20, 8. 201 (2),

c. 55

Universities and

College Estates

Act, 1898.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

24, ss. 42, 45 (2),

Sch. 2.

A.D. 1925.

Effect of Legislation.

1863

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

16 & 16 Geo. 6.

i61 & 62Viet.

Elementary School

S. 1 (1) repealed (April 1,

59, ss. 16, 23 (2)

e. 67.

«2 & 63Viot.:

Teachers (Superannuation) Act,

1898.

1926), Act excluded.

(3), Sch. 1 (13).

c. 6

Supreme Court of

Judicature Act,

1899.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 14

London Government Act, 1889.

S. 26 extended

Sch. 2, pt. II, as to Housing

Act of 1890 repealed.

11, ss. 2, 3.

14, 8.136, Sch. 6.

«. 22

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1899.

S. 1 and Sch. repealed

(June 1, 1926).

86, s. 49 (4) (5),

Sch. 3.

«. 29

Baths and Washhouses Act, 1899.

S. 2 proviso (6) repealed:

s. 2 (a) (c) saved,

71, ss. 9 (2), 87

(3), Sch. 6, pt.

II.

■c. 39

1 At

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1899.

Ss, 1 (1) (3), 2 temporarily

replaced *

66, s. 8.

«. 44

Small Dwellings

Acquisition Act,

1899.

Effect of Law of Property

Act, 1922, see

5, 8. 9, Sch. 9.

0. 46

Improvement of

Land Act, 1899.

S. 1 (3) proviso repealed

(G.B.).

48, 8. 1.

«3 & 64 Vict.:

0. 20

Ecclesiastical Assessments (Scotland) Act, 1900.

S. 3 amended -

33, 8. 28 (6),

«. 26

Land Charges Act,

1900.

S. 2(1) (2) repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

Act repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

20, ss. 207, 209

(2), Sch. 7.

22, S3. 24, 26 (2),

Sch.

■0. 69

Housing of the

Working Classes

Act, 1900.

Repealed so far as unrepealed.

(E.) 14, 8. 136,

Sch. 6; (S.) 15,

8. 120, Sch. 6.

2 Edw. 7:

c. 28

Licensing Act, 1902

S. 5 ("habitual drunkard ")

extended (E.).

50, 8. 3.

0. 31

Supreme Court of

Judicatme Act,

1902.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 41

Metropolis Water

Act, 1902.

S. 17 (4) superseded (E.) -

19, 8. 1 (1) (/).

3 Edw. 7:

0. 36

Motor Car Act,

1903.

Extended (E.)

86, 8. 40 (3) (5).

0. 37

Irish Land Act,

1903.

Ss. 54 (3) repealed, 24, 36,

45, 47-9, 64 amended,

99 saved, 13, 16, 18 (2)

extended, 9, 27 excluded,

13 (4), 16 (2) (3) applied.

34, ss. 1(1), 3-5,

8 (1), 11 (2),

13 (a), 15 (1),

16 (1) (3), .30

(1) (2), 32 (7),

Sch. 2.

c. 39

Housing of the

Working Classes

Act, 1903.

Repealed

1

(E.) 14, s. 136,

Sch. 6.

(S.) 15, s. 120,

Sch. 6.

1864

Effect of Legislation.

[15 & 16 Geo. 5,

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

4 Edw. 7; i

S. 24 repealed (E.) (June 1, j

C. 15

Prevention of Cruelty to Children,

1904.

1926).

86, s. 49 (4) (5),

Sch. 3,

c. 21

Capital Expenditure (Money) Act,

1904.

Extended - 1

1

65, s. 1 (4).

c. 24

Wireless Telegraphy

Act, 1904.

Ss. 1 (7), 2 (" transmission"

and " rent or royalty ")

explained.

67.

6 Edw. 7:

c. 8

Finance Act, 1906

S. 7 (2) repealed

41, s. 2 (2).

e. 55

Public Trustee Act,

1906.

S. 4 (3) extended (trust

corporations).

18, s. 117 (1>

(xxx); 19, s.

68 (18):20, .

s. 205 (1>

(xxviii):23, s.

55 (1) (xxvi).

c. 68

Workmen’s Compensation Act,

1906.

Repealed, except as to N.I.

(May 1, 1926).

84, s. 50, Sch. 4.

7 Edw. 7:

c. 9

Territorial and Reserve Forces Act,

1907.

Ss. 7 (2), 33 amended

25, s. 17 (2) (cV

(d).

c. 12

Matrimonial Causes

Act, 1907.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 17 .

Probation of

Offenders Act,

1907.

Extended, ss. 1 (3) substituted, 3 repealed, 6'am.,

(E.) (July 1, 1926).

86, ss. 7 (2)-(6), .

10, 49 (4) (6),

Sch. 3.

0. 18

Married Women's

Property Act,

1907.

S. 1 repealed (E.) (Jan. 1,

1926).

20, ss. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

c. 23

Criminal Appeal

Act, 1907.

S. 20 (3) fepealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

Ss. 1 (6) am., 18 ext. (June

1, 1926).

49, 88. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

86, ss. 16, 49 (5).

c. 27

Advertisements

Regulation Act,

1907.

Amended ....

62, s. 1.

c. 47

Deceased Wife’s

Sister’s Marriage

Act, 1907.

S. 3 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 61

Sheriff Coints

(Scotland) Act,

1907.

S. 50 extended

84, 8. 49 (1).

c. 63

Public Health Acts

Arndt. Act, 1907.

Ss. 79 and virt. 76 (3) repealed, 21 (prosp.) virt.

repealed, 25, 76 ext., 4, 6

(1) (2), 6, 7, 10-2 and in

pt. 9 and 13 applied, 7

excluded, 12 saved.

71, ss. 2 (3), 7, 9

(2), 10, 18 (6),

20, 32, 66, 74,

Schs. 4, 6, pt.

11.

c. 55 ■:

1

London Cab and

Stage Carriage

Act, 1907.

S. 2, as to abolition of privileged cab system, made |

permanent.

76, s. 1, Sch. 1,

pt. I.

Effect of Legislation.

1865

I

A.D. 1925.

Statute and

Subject or

How affected.

Chapter of

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

16 & 16 Geo. 5.

8 Edw. 7.:

c. 36

Small Holdings

S. 40 (4) (5) repealed (Jan.

18, ss. 119, 120

and Allotments

1, 1926).

(2), Sch. 6.

Act, 1908.

Ss. 12 (4) in part and 13 re-

21, ss. 100, 147,

pealed (Jan. 1, 1926).

148 (2), Sch.

Ss. 32 excluded, 59 extended

61, ss. 8, 13.

c. 40

Old Age Pensions

Extended, s. 3 re-enacted -

70, ss. 20, 21 (2),

Act, 1908.

1

24 (4) (5), 28

(4), 40, 44 (1>

(6), Sch. 3.

c. 41

Assizes and Quarter

S. 1 (4) and references to '

49, 88. 226, 227

Sessions Act, 1908.

assizes, &c., in ss. 1 (1)

(3) (5), 2 and 4 repealed

(2), Sch. 6.

(Jan. 1, 1926).

Applied, 8.3 repealed (Jime

86, ss. 19 (1), 40

1, 1926).

(4) (6), Sch. 3.

c. 47

Lunacy Act, 1908

S. 4 repealed (Oct. 1, 1926)

28, s. 29, Sch. 5.

c. 48

Post 0£5ce Act,

Trial of offences imder ss.

86, ss. 18, 24.

1908.

60-6 varied, s. 72 (1) in

49 (4) (5), Schs.

part repealed (E.).

1-3.

c. 51

Appellate Jurisdio-

S. 6 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

tion Act, 1908.

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 69

Prevention of

Extended (E.) ...

80, 8. 46 (2).

Crimes Act, 1908.

0. 63

Education (Scot-

S. 3 (3) proviso added, new

89, ss. 4, 6

land) Act, 1908.

s. 3 (4) substituted.

c. 67

Children A^t, 1908

S. 21 extended -

70, s. 6 (1).

Sch. 1 (bodily injury to

86, ss. 48, 49 (4)

1

i

child or yoimg person)

explained, s. 128 (2) and

Sch. 2 repealed (E.) (June

1, 1926).

(6), Sch. 3.

c. 69

Companies (Conso-

S. 238 (1), the words "and

28, 8. 29, Sch. 5.

lidation) Act,

fees ’’ as to High Court, E.,

1908.

repealed (Oct. 1, 1926).

S. 237 saved ...

49, s. 99 (6).

S. 209 (1) extended

Ss. 107, 209 (1) (d) ex-

70, 8. 10 (1).

84, 8. 7 (3).

tended.

9 Edw. 7:

c. 10

Superannuation

Ss. 2, 3, 6 (2) excluded

49, 8. 128 (1) (6).

Act, 1909.

c. 11

Judicature (Rule

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926) -

49, ss. 226, 227

Committee) Act,

1909.

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 16

Workmen’s Com-

Repealed (E. S.) (May 1,

84, ss. 37, 50,

pensation (Anglo-

French Convention) Act, 1909.

1926).

Sch. 4.

c. 42

Irish Land Act,

Excluded, s. 16 virt. re-

34, ss. 3 (2), 24.

i

1909.

pealed.

1866

Effect of Legislation

t

15 & 16 Geo. 5,

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

j How affected.

1

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 6.

9'Ed'w. 7:

1

0. 44

Housing, Town

England.

1

1

Planning, &c..

Act, 1909.

1

Part I (except s. 7); s. 69

(1), Part IV. (except as to

town planning)* Schs. 1,

2, 6, and in s. 6 (2) (3)

(t (3) (4)) " the clerk or "

and " clerk or " repealed.

Parts II, IV (as to town

planning), Schs. 4, 6 repealed.

S. 7 repealed ...

Scotia^.

Parts I, rV (except as to

town planning), Sch. 1

(saved as applied by un-

repealed enactments), 2,

3, 6 repealed. '

Parts II, IV (as to town

plaiming), Schs. 4, 6 repealed.

14, B. 136, Sch. &

16, s. 21, Sch. 4.

18, s. 119, Sch. 5.

15, s. 120. Sch. 6.

17, s. 21, Sch. 4.

c. 47 .

Development and

Ss. 8 (1) (a) (5) extended,

68, 88. 2, 3, 4 (8),

Road Improvement Funds Act,

1909.

9 applied.

12.

10 Edw. 7

Supreme Court of

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926) -

49, ss. 226, 227

& 1 Geo. 5.

0. 12.

Judicature Act,

1910.

(2), Sch. 6.

1 & 2 Geo.6:

e. 6

Perjury Act, 1911

S. 6 (o) applied

Ss. 3, 4 (1) (ii), and, provisions as to trial of certain

offence!?, am. (June 1,

1926).

23, s. 36 (6).

86, 83. 18, 24, 28,

Schs. 1, 2.

c. 11

Poultry Act, 1911

Birds within Act excluded

31, B. 2 (2).

•c. 26

Telephone Transfer

Act, 1911. j

S. 5 extended . - .

65, s. 1 (5).

c. 37

Conveyancing Act,

S. 12 as to deaths after 1925

5, ss. 1, 12 (3)

1

1911.

repealed (E.).

S. 14 repealed (E.) (Jan. 1, i

1926). j

S. 8 repealed (E.) (Jan. 1,

1926).

Act, except ss. 8, 14, and

with saving as above for

8. 12, repealed (E.) (Jan.

1, 1926).

(4), Sch. 1; and

20, s. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

18, 8.S. 119, 120

(2) (3), Sch. a.

19, ss. 70, 71 (2)

(3), Sch. 2.

20, 88. 207, 209

(2) (3), Sch. 7.

■c. 40

Limacy Act, 1911

S. 1 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

19, ss. 70, 71 (2),

Sch

o. 46

Copyright Act,

1911.

S. 16 amended *

73, 8. 5.

•c. 50

Coal Mines Act,

S. 110 repealed except as to

84, 88. 34, 50,

1911. ’

N.I. (May 1, 1926).

Sol». 4.

c. 65

National Insurance

Act, 1911.

S. 64 (3) applied (joint issue

of housing bonds) (S.).

15, 8. 71 (3).

c. 57

Maritime Conven-

S. 5 as to High Court re-

49, ss. 226, 227

tions Act, 1911.

pealed (E.) (Jan. 1, 1926).

(2), Sch. 6.

* As from Oct. 26, 1925. See S. R. & O. 1925, No. 1026.

A.D. 1925.

Effect of Legislation.

1867

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How aSected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

3 & 4 Geo. 6;

0. 2(t

Bankruptcy (Si-ot-

land) Act, 1913.

S. 118 extended

84, s. 7 (3).

c. 21

Appellate JuHsdic-

tion Act, 1913.

S. 2 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 27

Forgery Act, 1913

Ss. 14 rex>ealed, 1 (2), 13,

18 (1), and provisions as

to trial of certain offences

am., 1, 18 (1) ext. (E.)

(Jime 1, 1926).

86, ss. 18, 24,

35-6, 38 (4), 49

(4) (5), Schs,

1-3.

c. 28

Mental Deficiency

Act, 1913.

S. 7 amended •

63.

4&5 Geo.5:

c. 33

Public Works Loans

Act, 1914.

S. 4 repealed ...

(E.) 14, s. 136,

Sch. 6.

(S.) 15, B. 120,

Sch. 6.

0. 47

Deeds of Arrangement Act, 1914.

S. 18 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

Ss. 4, 6 (c), 28 repealed, 5(1),

1 13 (4), 27, 29, 30 amended,

26 (2) restricted (Oct. 1,

1925).

19, ss. 70, 71 (2)

Sch.

28, ss. 22, 29 (4)

(6), Sch. 5.

c. 58

1

Criminal Justice

Admin. Act, 1914.

S. 6 saved ...

Ss. 15 (1), 18 " or on a plea

of guilty," 40 (1) (b) repealed, 10 (1) (2) (6) am.,

29 ext. (E.).

14, s. 68 (4).

86, ss. 31 (4), 46

(1), 49 (4) (5),

Sch. 3.

c. 69 •

1

Bankrupdby Act,

1914.

S. 64 saved ...

Ss. 47 saved, 64 extended

S. 132 extended

S. 130 prosp. repealed (but

see below).

S. 132 saved <. . .

S. 130 continued permanently.

S. 33 extended ...

20, B. 62 (2), (5).

21, ss. 42 (2).

61 (8).

22, 19 (2).

23, B. 56, Sch. 2,

pt. I.

49, 8. 99 (6).

76, 8. 1 (2), Sch.

1, pt. II.

84, s. 7 (3).

c* 86 •

Superannuation

Act, 1914.

S. 2 excluded ...

49, 8. 128 (1) (6).

5 & 6 Geo. 6;

c. 61 (as

amended).

1

Government of

India Act, '

Ss. 67a (3) (hi) (iv) and

72d (3) (iv) (v) substituted and proviso added,

96b (5) added, 97 (6)

amended.

83.

c. 89

Finance (No. 2) Act,

1915,

Sch. 1, pt. III. new para. 3

substituted.

Ss. 11 continued, 13 (1) (3)-

(6) re-enacted.

S. 4 restricted ...

S. 13 (5) applied and re-enacted (temp.).

12, s. 4 (2),

Sch. 3.

36, ss. 2, 3 (2),

Sch. 1.

49, 8.169(4) (5).

79, s. 1 (4),

Sch. 2.

c. 90

Indictments Act,

1915.

Applied ....

86, ss. 19 (4), 33

(4).

1868

Effect of Legislation.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

6 & 7 Geo. 6:

c. 8

i

Imperial Institute

Management Act,

1916.

Repealed ....

xvii, s. 1.

c. 12

1

Local Government

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1916.

Ss. 6 (except (d)), 7, 12,

13 (l)-(3), 14, 21, 22 (except (3)), 24 (1) made

permanent; residue in

part continued temp.

76, s. 1, Sch. 1,

pt. 1., Sch. 2,

pt. I.

c. 50

Larceny Act, 1916

Ss. 39 (1) repealed, 38 (1)

(5) am., certain offences

made triable at quarter

sessions and summarily

(E.).

86, ss. 18, 24. 49

(4) (6), Sobs.

1-3.

1

7 & 8 Geo. 6

c. 67.

Non-Ferrous Metal

Industry Act, 1918.

Repealed (prospectively)*-

43, 88. 1, 2 (3),

Sch. 2.

Air Force Act

S. 6 (1) (e) (/) (j), Sch. 3,

omitted, new ss. 6 (2) (c)

(d) (e), 46 (2) (e) (twice),

112 (7), 163 (1) (m), 190

(40A) added, ss. 18 (2),

44 (6), 46 (9), 113 (l)-(4),

116 (4), Sch. 6 (3) substituted, 88. 8 (1), 9 (1), 18

(1) (4), 46 (2) (6) (7) (8),

47 (1) (6), 57 (1) (2), 87,

108A, 137(4), 138 (1) and

proviso (c), 175 (10), 181

(4), amended, 71 (1) proviso repealed.

25, 88. 4-15, 18—

21, Sch. 2.

8 & 9 Geo. 5:

1

c, 8

Workmen’s Compensation (Illegal

Employment)

Act, 1918.

Repealed except as to N.I.

(May 1, 1926)

84, s. 50, Sch. 4.

«. 14

Workmen’s Compensation (Silicosis) Act, 1918.

Repealed except as to N.I.

(May 1, 1926).

84, s. 60, Sch. 4.

c. 31

Trading with the

Enemy Amendment Act, 1918.

S. 2 repealed (prospeotive-

ly)- *

43, ss. 1, 2 (3),

Sch. 2.

C. 40

Income Tax Act,

1918.

Ss. 27-30, Sch. 6, pars. !

XVII, Sch. D rules 6-7

of Cases I and II applied,

rule 2(1) amended:ss. 40,

105 (1) (b) (as am.)

amended: rule 10 of

General Rules restricted.

36, ss. 15 (3) (4),

16, 17 (4), 18,

19 (1) (4).

c. 41

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1918.

S. 2, Sch., pt. I, continued

as to tobacco.

56, s. 1.

c. 48

Education (S.) Act,

1918.

S. 18 (9) and Sch. 2 para. 8

amended, new s. 3 (2)

substituted.

89, ss. 1-3.]

c. 54

Tithe Act, 1918

Ss. 4, 6 — see -

Ss. 1 (1) cont. and prosp.

repealed, 1 (2) repealed,

2, 4 (2) in part, Sch. 1(1)

(3) prosp. repealed, s. 4

(2) am., Sch. 1 (2) am.

and excluded.

22, ss. 10 (1) A

(iv), 20, Sch.

87, ss. 20, 23,

25-6, Sch. 2. j

* As from Sept. 8, 1925:see S. R. & O. 1925, No. 934.

A.D. 1925.

Ejfect of Legislation.

1869

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

& 16 Geo. 6,

8 & 9 Geo. 5

1

School Teachers i

Ss. 6-14, 16 applied as set

59, ss. 16, 20,

c. 55.

9 & lOGeo.5:

(Superannuation)

Act, 1918.

out in Sch., 18 (vi) (viii)

substituted.

(2) (3), Sch. 1,

e. 17

Education (S.) (Superannuation ) Act,

1919.

Ss. 7, 8 applied -

55, ss. 3 (2),

8, 9.

c. 26

Grant of Administration (Bonds)

Act, 1919.

Repealed (Oct. 1, 1925)

28, s. 29, Sch. 6.

c. 30

Official Solicitor

Act, 1919.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 226, 227

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 32

1

Finance Act, 1919

Ss. 19 extended, 9, Sch. 2

amended, Sch. 3 new scale

substituted.

S. 8 (1) (2) applied -

Sch. 2 applied (temp.)

36, ss. 8, 9, 22-

3, 26, Schs. 3,

4.

56, ss. 5 (2).

6 (7), 7 (2),

9(2).

79, 8. 1 (2).

o. 35

Housing, Town

Planning, &c., Act,

1919.

Part I (ss. 1-41) except ss. 7,

19, 23, 25, 31, 36, and 24

(4), 40 so far as required

for interpretation of unrepealed provisions, and

Schs. 1, 2, 5 repealed.

Part II (ss. 42-8) and Sch.

3 repealed.

S. 31 repealed •

14, s. 136, Sch. 6.

16, s. 21, Sch, 4.

18, s. 119, Sch. 5,

c. 50 •

Ministry of Transport Act, 1919.

S. 3 (1) (e) continued as to

canals, &c.

2 and 76.

c. 57

Acquisition of Land

Act applied to housing and

(E.) 14, ss. 45-6,

(Assessment of

Compensation)

Act, 1919.

j 8. 7 in part repealed.

Act applied to town planning

Act applied to street works,

&c.

S. 1 applied (E.)

136, Schs. 1, 6.

(S). 15, 88. 36-7,

120, Schs. 1, 6.

(E.) 16, s. 10 (4).

(S.) 17, s. 10 (4).

(E.) 71, 38.31 (2),

33 (7).

20, 8. 84 (4) (10).

c. 59

Land Settlement

(Facilities) Act,

S. 29 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

18, ss. 119, 120

(2), Sch. 6.

1919.

New s. 27 substituted

85.

«c. CO

j

Housing, Town

Planning, &c, (S.)

Act, 1919. 1

Part I (ss. 1-31) except ss.

5, 7, 16, 20, 22-3, 31 so

far as required for interpretation of unrepealed

provisions, 41-2, 44-5, 49,

and Schs. 1, 2, 4 repealed.

Part II (ss. 32-8) and Sch.

3 repealed.

15, s. 120, Sch. 6.

17, s. 21, Sch. 4.

c. 73

County Courts Act,

S. 11 (1) (ii) substituted

28, s. 20.

1919.

Ss. 25-6 repealed (May 1,

1926).

84, s. 50, Sch. 4.

c. 74

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1919.

Sch. 2 amended (tobacco

and wine), s. 6 applied.

56, ss. 1, 8 (3).

«. 92

Aliens Restriction

S. 6 " other than former

43, ss. 1, 2 (3),

(Arndt.) Act, 1919.

" enemy aliens " ands. 12

repealed (prospectively*)

Sch. 2.

* As from Sept. 8, 1920. See S. R. & O. 1925, No. 931.

1870

Effect of Legislation.

t

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How aSected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

9&I0 Geo.6.:

c. 99

Housing (Additional

Powers) Act, 1919,

Act, except ss. 8-11 and 15,

repealed (E).

Act, except as. 8, 10, 15 and

so far as relatidg to unrepealed provisions 11

and 13, repealed (S.).

S. 10 repealed (E. and S.) -

S. 9 repealed (E.)

14, 8.136, Sch. 6.

15, s. 120, Sch. 6.

16, 8. 21, Sch. 4.

17, 8. 21, Sch. 4.

19, 8. 70, Sch. 2.

c. 101 -

Government of

India Act, 1919.

S. 45 (2) applied

83, 8. 4 (2).

10 & 11

Geo. 6:

c. 17

Increase of Kent

and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920.

Excluded . - . .

Act continued - . .

S. 16 (1) repealed prosp.

(E. except London).

14, 8. 128.

32.

9o’, ss. 69, 70 (1),

Sch. 8.

c. 18

Finance Act, 1920

S. 16 repealed ...

36, ss. 15 (1) (3),

28 (6), Sch. 6.

c. 22

Ecclesiastical Tithe

Rentcharge

(Rates) Act, 1922.

Cont. and prosp. repealed •

87, ss. 25-6,

Sch. 2,

c. 30

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920.

Ss. 35 (3) applied, 16-6 and

(<mp.)(as amended) 17 (1)

(a) excluded, 6, Sch. 3

amended.

Act cunended, s. 31 extended, benefit restricted

after 65.

69, ss. 4, 6 (1),

Schs. 1, 2.

70, 88. 10 (1), 3T

(1), 39, 44 (1>

(8).

c. 46

Dangerous Drugs

Act, 1920.

Ss. 1—3 extended, 2»; i) in

part repealed, 8 (1) and

16 (1) as to medicinal

opium substituted, power

to exclude part. Ill (prospective).

74, 88. 1-5, 7 (3).

c. 50

Mining Industry

Act, 1920.

S. 20 (2) ext., (3) am.

80.

c. 61

Duchy of Lancaster

Act, 1920.

S. 3 (3) " personal estate "

to include real estate.

23, 8. 30 (4).

c. 54

Seeds Act, 1920

S. 11 (3) added (E. S.)

66.

c. 61

Public Works Loans

Act, 1920.

S, 1 expires March 31, 1926,

see now—

62, 8. 1.

c. 63

Married Women

(Maintenance) Act,

1920.

Amended ....

50.

c. 65

Employment of

Women, Young

Persons, &c.. Act,

1920.

S. 2 temp, continued

76.

c. 67

Government of

Ireland Act,

1920.

S. 1 (2) (area of iN.I.) con-

firmed; in ss. 7, 10, Sch.

1 powers of Coimcil of

Ireland transferred to

Govt, of N.I.; 8. 2 and

references to Council of

Ireland repealed.

77, 8. 1 (1) (2),

Sch.

[5].

Effect of Legislation.

1871

A.D. 1925.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

1

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

10 & 11

(»eo. 6:

c. 71

Housing (S.) Act,

1920.

Act, except be. 7, 9 and in

part 8, repealed.

Residue of s. 8 repealed

15, s. 120, Sch. 6.

17, s. 21, Sch. 4.

c. 74 - 1

British Empire

Exhibition (Guarantee) Act, 1920.

Extended -

26.

c. 76

Agricvilture Act,

1920.

S. 32 repealed ...

(E.) 14, s. 136,

Sch. 6.

(S.) 15, 8. 120,

Sch. 6.

c. 81

Administration of

Justice Act, 1920.

1

S. 17 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

Ss. 2, 3 (1) and 18 repealed

(Oct. 1, 1925).

Ss. 1, 6, 6, 7, 8, 19, 20, and,

as to High Court, s. 15

repealed (Jan. 1, 1926).

23, ss. 56, 58 (2),

Sch. 2, pt. II.

28, s. 29, Sch. 5.

49, 88. 226, 22T

(2), Sch. 6.

11 & 12

Geo. 6:

c. 19

Housing Act, 1921

Ss. 2—4, 9, 6 except as to

Small Dwellings Acquisition Act, 1899, and 6 in

part, repealed.

S. 7 and residue of s. 6 repealed.

14, 8.136, Sch. 6.

16, 8. 21, Sch. 4.

c. 20

Tithe Annuities

Apportionment

S. 2 repealed

18, 8. 119, Sch. 5.

Act, 1921.

S. 1 (1), see

i

22. ss. 10 (1),

A (V), 20, Sch.

c. 24

Deceased Brother's

S. 1 (2) repealed (Jan. 1,

49, ss. 226, .227

Widow’s Marriage

Act, 1921.

1926).

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 33

Housing (S.) Act,

1921.

Repealed -

15, s. 120, Sch.[6.

c. 39

Admiralty Pensions Act, 1921.

S. 3 virt. repealed -

88.

c. 40

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1921.

S. 3, Sch. (spirits) continued.

56, 8. 3.

c. 47

Safeguarding of

S. 13appliedandre-enacted

79. s. 1 (4), Sch.

Industries Act,

1921.

(temp.).

2.

0. 51

Education Act, 1921;

S. 114 saved

14, 8. 65.

c. 55

Railways Act, 1921

S. 15 reference to Tru.stee j

Act, 1893, repealed (E.)

(Jan. 1, 1926).

19. ss. 70, 71 (2)

(3), Sch.

c. 56

Supreme Court

Officers (Retirement, Pensions,

&c.) Act, 1921.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49. ss. 226.'; 227

(2), Sch. 6

c. 64

Poor Law Emergency Provisions

(Scotland) Act,

1921.

Continued to May 15, 1927,

as modified.

35.

1872

Effect of Legislation.

15 & 16 Geo. 6.

Statute and Subject or

Chapter. Short Title.

11 & 12

Geo. 5:

c tiO

12 & 13

Geo. 5:

c. 7

c. 16

National Health Insurance (Prolongation of Insurance) Act, 1921.

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1922.

Law of Property

Act, 1922.

How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 6.

Applicable (with modifications) under regulations.

70, s. 30 (1) (g)

(2 ).

S. 2, Sch. 1 repealed -

S. 191 (2) am. (Act brought

into force Jan. 1, 1926).

Ss. 139 (1) (\-iii). 142, Schs.

12, 13, pt. II, 15 am.,

142A, 144A added (Jan. 1,

1926).

Ss. 3 and 4, 10 and 13 in

part 7 (4), para. 1, ss. 12,

26, 28 (2), 35-42, Part II

(ss. 35-71) except as to

imiversities and college

estates and as respects

s. 43 except as to glebes,

8. 86, Sch. 1, pt. II, and

Sch. 3 in part, Schs. 5 and

paras. 1, 3, 4 (1) (3) (4) of

Sch. 6, Sell. 9, forms 1-4

and in part 8, Sch. 10 repealed. Powers under

Part VI. extended to

tenant for life (Jan. 1,

1926).

Ss. 83 (4), 88, Part IV (ss.

109—127) except ss. 110

(7), 113 (3), 123 (5), repealed (Jan. 1, 1926).

Part I (ss. 1-34) except ss.

4, 10, 12, 13, 26 and 28 (2)

as already repealed above,

and except ss. 14 and 16,

Part III (ss. 72-108) except ss. 83 (4), 86 and

88 (already repealed

above), ss. 113 (3), 123

(5), 138 (10), 146, 152,

156(13), 158 (1) last para.,

residue of Schs. 1 and 3,

Schs. 2 and 4, para. 1 (3)

of Sch. 5, residue of

Sch. 6 excefjt para. 6 (2)

(3), Sch. 8, residue of

Sch. 9, Sch. 11 and para. 7

(3) of Sch. 15 repealed,

8. 133 amended (Jan. 1,

1926).

Ss. 158 (8) (10), 160 (8),

Part X (ss. 164-187), Sch.

1, pt. I (7), Sch. 16 re-

perded (Jan. 1, 1926).

Ss. 14, 16, S<'h. 7 repealed,

Sch. 12 (6) modified (Jan.

1, 1926).

69, 8. 6 (3),

Sch. 3.

4.

5, ss. 2, 12 (3),

Sch. 2.

18, ss. 62 (3), 117

4 (1)(xiv), 119,

120 (2), Sch. 6

(Settled Land

Act).

19, ss. 70, 71 (2),

Sch. 2 (Trustee

Act).

20, ss. 39, 149

(6), 202, 207,

209 (2), Schs. 1,

7 (Law of Property Act).

21, ss. 147, 148

(2), Sch. (Land

Registration

Act).

22, ss. 10 (1) A

(Vi), 20, 24,

26 (2), Sch.

(Land Charges

Act).

A.]5. 1925.

Effect of Legislation.

1873

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

12 & 13

Geo. 5:

c. 16

Ss. 110 (7), Part VIII (ss.

147-154) except s. 152

(already repealed). Part

X (ss. 155-163) except

8. 156 (13) (already repealed), residue of Sch. 6,

repealed (Jan. 1, 1926).

Part II (ss. 35-71) and

Sch. 10 as to universities

and college estates, repealed (Jan. 1, 1926).

S. 156 (9) from " and for

" dispensing " repealed

(Oct. 1, 1926).

23, ss. 56, 58 (2),

Sch. 2, pt. II.

(Admin, of Estates Act).

24, ss. 44, 45 (2),

Sch. 2 (Univ.

and College Estates Act).

28, 8. 29, Sch. 5.

0. 17

Finance Act, 1922

S. 6 repealed

Ss. 12 re-enacted, 18 (3)

amended.

12, ss. 4(1), 6 (4).

36, ss. 3 (2), 18,

Sch. 1.

e. 22

Summer Time Act,

1922.

Act mad6 permanent, s. 3

(1) amended, (3) repealed.

64.

c. 33

Publio Works Loans

Act, 1922.

S. 4 repealed

(E.) 14, s. 1.36,

Sch. 6.

(S.) 15, s. 120,

Sch. 6.

9

00

Education (S.) (Su-

perannuation) Act,

1922.

Act continued -

55, s. 1.

c. 51

Allotments Act,

1922.

Ss. 10 (3) (b) substituted,

10 (4), 11, 14 (2) am.,

14 (1), 17 (1) appbed, 16

excluded, 17 (2) repealed.

61, 83. 4, 6, 7, 9

11-2.

c. 58 . -

Ecclesiastical

Tithe Rentcharge

(Ratos) Act, 1922.

Cont. and prosp. repealed •

87, ss. 25-6,

Sch. 2.

c. 59

1

Local Government

and other Officers ’

Superannuat ion

Act, 1922.

Act ma<le applicable, s. 27

excluded.

90, s. 51 (3).

c. 60

j

Lunacy Act, 1922 |

S. 2 (3)-(5) repealed (Jan. 1,

1926).

19, 8. 70, Sch.

13 Geo. 5.

(Sess. 2):

c. 2

Irish Free State

(Consequential

Provisions) Act,

1922 (Sess. 2).

Sch. 1 [3], with saving as

to railway charges, repealed.

77, 8. 1 (1) (2),

Sch.

[5].

c. 4

Trade Facilities and

Loans Guarantee

Act, 1922 (Sess. 2).

S. 1 (1) and in part (2) virt.

repealed.

13, s. 1.

c. 5 - '

Importation of Animals Acit, 1922

(Sess. 2).

JS. 5 applieil» Bch. excluded

30, s. 1.

13 & 14

Geo. 5:

c. 2

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1923.

Ss. 4 (2) ext., 4 (2) from

" and the contribution to

be made " and 11 (1) repealed.

6C

69. sa.4(2), 6(3),

Sch. 3.

1874

Effect of Legislation.

15 & 16 Geo. 5,

Statute cmd

Subject or

How affected.

Chapter of

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

13 & 14

Geo. 5.:

c. 5

Dangerous Drugs

S. 6 (2) extended prospec-

74, ss. 6, 7 (3).

and Poisons

(Amdt.) Act,

tively.

1923.

C

c. 6

Local Authorities

S. 3 continued, proviso to

35.

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1923.

s. 3 (a) virt. repealed.

0. 9

Agricultural Hold-

S. 21 repealed (Jan. 1,

18, ss. 119, 120

ings Act, 1923.

1926).

(2), Sch. 6.

Ss. 20, 41 —see •

22, ss. 10 (1) A

(iii), 24.

Sch. 2 applied as modified

85.

c. 10

Agricultural Hold-

Sch. 2 in part applied

33, 8. 16, Sch.

ings (Scotland)

Act, 1923.

6(4).

0. 14

Finance Act, 1923 -

Ss. 9 re-enacted, 21 appUed

36, ss. 3 (2), 21,

1 Suh. 1.

0. 19

Matrimonial Causes

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926)

49, ss. 176 (6),

Act, 1923.

226, 227 (2),

Sch. 6.

c. 20

Mine. (Working

Part I am.

91.

Facilities and

Support) .4ct,

192(1.

1

c. 24

Housing, &c., Act,

Ss. 5, 7-15, 17, Schs. 1, 2

14, s. 136, Sch. 6.

1923.

(except as to ss. 59 and 69

of 1909 Act), repeuled (E.).

Ss. 5, 7-13, 15, 17, 23 (1)

15, 8. 120, Sch. 6.

(2) and (3) (except as to

unrepealed provisions of

Act), (4)(8H12) (14) (15)

and (17), and Solis. 1, 2

(except as to s. 59 of

1909 Act) repealed (S.).

i

1

Part II (ss. 18-21) and

(E.) 16, s. 21,

Sch. 2 as to s. 59 of 1909

Sch. 4.

Act, repealed (E. and S.).

(S.) 17, s. 21,

Sch. 4.

c. 32

Rent and Mortgage

Ss. 1, 2, 12, 17, 19 (a)

32.

Interest Restric-

amended. Part I con-

tions Act, 1923.

tinned, expiry of Part II

postponed.

c. 39

Agricultural Rates

Continued (except s. 15) to

10 and 76.

Act, 1923.

March 31, 1927.

S. 15 cent, so long as rest

10, s. 1 (2).

of Act is in force.

S. 6 (2) from " and section

9, " Sch. part II, substi-

90, ss. 22 (2), 69,

70(1), Sch. 8.

tuted defn. of rateable

value, repealed prosp. (E.

except London).

c. 42

Workmen’s Cora-

Repealed except ss. 1, 6,

84, s. 50, Sch. 4.

pensation Act,

1923. ‘

28-31 (May 1, 1926).

A.D* 1925.

Effect of Legislation.

1875

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

U & 15

Geo. 5.:

c. 5

Army and Air Force

(Annual) Act,

1924.

S. 9 virt. repealed

25, ss. 7, lo.

c. 8

Trade Facilities Act,

1924.

S. 1 virt. repealed

13.

c. 9

Poor Law Emergency Provisions

Continuance (S.)

Act, 1924.

Continued

35.

c. 1(»

N.H.I. (Cost of

Medical Benefit)

Act, 1924.

S. 3 temp, continued

76.

e. 13

Education (S.) (Su- j

perannuation) Act,

1924.

Continued:s. 1 virt. repealed.

55, s. 1.

0. 17

County Courts

Act, 1924.

S. 6 repealed (May 1, 1926)

84. s. 50, Sch. 4.

0. 21

Finance Act, 1924

S. 1 continued -

S. 36 applied

36, s. 1.

87, ss. 15, 26

(3).

0. 24

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1924.

S. 4 (cocoa) continued

r>i)f s. 4.

c. 39

Unemployment Insurance, (No. 2)

Act, 1924.

S<. 1 (3), 3 (2), Sch. 1. Part

I (1) amended, 5 rej)ealed.

69, ss. 1-3, 5

(3), Sch. 3.

c. 35

1

Hou.sing (Financial

Provisions) Act,

1924.

S. 12 and Sch. 2 as to s. 5 of

1923 Act, repealed (E.).

Ss. 12, 16 (3) and >Sch. 2 as

to s. 5 of 1923 Act, repealed (S.).

14, s. 136, Sch. 6.

15, s. 120, Sch. 6.

c. 38

1

Nat. Health Insurance Act, 1924.

S. 12 (2) repealed (Jan. 2,

1928); Sch. 2, Pt. I new

Table substituted (except

for purposes of s. 121 (2));

ss. 3 (3), 7 (3), 13 (8), 69

(3), 96 (2), 97 (2), 133 (o)

amended; 3 (2) (3), 72 (1)

(d), 97 (3) extended; 1,

66 (3), 89, 94-5, 101 applied; contributions and

sickness and disablement

benefit terminated after

65; Act otherwise am.

and ext. subject to adaptations [in part prospectively].

S. .54 temp, continued

70, ss. 2 (1),

10 (1), 13, 14

(1), 15 (3) (8),

16 (1), 17 (2),

29 (2), 31 (3),

32, 37-8, 44(1)

(8), 45 (6), 46

(2), Sch. 4.

76.

c. 40

Workmen’s Compensation (Silicosis) Act, 1924.

Repealed (May 1, 1926)

except as to N.I.

84, s. 50, Sch. 4.

6 C 2

1876

Effect of Legislation.

15 & 16 Geo^S.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected. 1

Chapter of

16 & 16 Geo. 6.

15 & 16

Geo. 5:

c. 5

Law of Property

(Arndt.) Act,

1925.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1926) as

below by consolidating

Acts:—

S. 3, Sch. 3 (law of property).

S. 4, Sch. 4 (settled land)

S. 5, Sch. 5 (trustees)

S. 6, Sch. 6 (land charges)

S. 7, Sch. 7 (admin, of

estates).

S. 8, Sch. 8 (land registration).

S. 11, Sch. 11 (univ. and

college estates).

20, ss. 207, 209

(2), Sch. 7.

18, ss. 119, 120

(2), Sch. 6.

19, ss. 70, 71 (2),

Sch. 2.

22, ss. 24, 26 (2),

Sch.

23, ss. 56, 68 (2),

Sch. 2.

21, ss. 147, 148

(2), Sch.

24, ss. 44, 45 (2),

Sch. 2.

0. 14

Housing Act, 1925

S. 90 applied -

16, s. 16 (4).

c. 16

Housing (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

S- 68 applied -

17, s. 20 (3).

0. 18

Settled Land Act,

S. 59 (2) applied. Act in part

21, ss. 40 (2),

1925.

appli^.

91 (1).

0. 19

1

1

1

Trustee Act, 1925

Applied to vesting orders

under:—

Settled Land Act -

Law of Property Act

Admin, of Estates Act •

S. 34, and Act generally,

applied to registered land.

18, s. 113 (9).

20, ss. 9 (3)

136 (1).

23, 8. 44 (2).

21, 88. 47 (1), 95,

111 (6).

c. 20

Law of Property

1 S. 62 applied. Act made ap-

21, ss. 19 (3), 22

(3), 36, 38, 69

(3).

Act, 1925.

plicable by rules to charges

by Bijib-mortgage.

c. 23

Administration of

Ss. 4, 10-4, 16, 18-20 re-

49, 88. 226, 227

Estates Act, 1925.

pealed (Jan. 1, 1926).

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 28

Administration of

Ss. 1-18, 21, 24-6 and Schs.

49, 88. 226, 227

Justice Act, 1925.

1-3 repealed (Jan. 1, 1926).

(2), Sch. 6.

c. 36

Finance Act, 1925

Ss. 6 (2) (3), 10-1 applied

and re-enacted (temp.).

79, 8. 1 (4),

Sch. 2.

c. 43

Former Enemy

Aliens (Disabilities Removal) Act,

1925.

S. 2 (3) spent (Act brought

into force Sept. 8, 1925:

«ee S. R. & O. 1925, No.

934).

e. 77

Ireland (Confirmation of Agreement) Act, 1925.

S. 2 (2) spent (Act took

effect Dec. 17, 1925, on

Royal Assent to corresponding Free State Act).

TABLE III

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

(15 & 16 GEORGE 5A.D. 1924-5.)

1878

Index to the Public General Acts. 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

[Index removed.]

