THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

AND CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES

Of 1954

---

being those which received the Royal Assent in that year, having been passed during the Third Session and part of the Fourth Session of the Fortieth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and during the

Second and Third Years

of the Reign of Her Majesty

QUEEN ELIZABETH THE SECOND

Tables of the Short Titles and of The Effect of Legislation and an Index

PRINTED BY JOHN ROUCHTON SIMPSON, C.B.

Controller of Her Majesty’s Stationery Office and Queen’s Printer of Acts of Parliament

LONDON : PUBLISHED BY HER MAJESTY' STATIONERY OFFICE

Pries £2 2s. O

OF 1954

with

CONTENTS

Page

Table I.—Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1954 ... c

Table II.—Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1954 ... e

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1954—

2 & 3 Eliz. 2, cc. 10-73 1

3 Eliz. 2, cc. 1-2 1180

Table HI.—Chronological List of the Church Assembly Measures of

1954 i

THE CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES OF 1954—

2 & 3 Eliz. 2, Nos. 1-4 ii

Table IV.—Effect of Legislation xxv

Index to the Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measures of

. c.

TABLE I

ALPHABETICAL LIST OF THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1954

Page

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act (c. 39) 133

Appropriation Act (c. 45) 228

Army and Air Force (Annual) Act (c. 35) 117

Atomic Energy Authority Act (c. 32) 88

Baking Industry (Hours of Work) Act (c. 57) 576

British Industries Fair (Guarantees and Grants) Act (c. 26) 61

Charitable Trusts (Validation) Act (c. 58) 586

Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Act (c. 15) 39

Civil Defence (Armed Forces) Act (c. 66) 755

Civil Defence (Electricity Undertakings) Act (c. 19) 46

Consolidated Fund Act (c. 22) 52

Coroners Act (c. 31) 86

Cotton Act (c. 24) ... 56

Currency and Bank Notes Act (c. 12) 21

Development of Inventions Act (s. 20) 47

Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act (c. 60) 602

Expiring Laws Continuance Act (c. 69) 819

Finance Act (c. 44) 174

Food and Drugs Amendment Act (c. 67) 757

Gas and Electricity (Borrowing Powers) Act (c. 52) 422

Hill Farming Act (c. 23) 53

Hire-Purchase Act (c. 51) 419

Housing Repairs and Rents Act (c. 53) 423

Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act (c. 50) 377

Industrial and Provident Societies (Amendment) Act (c. 43) 168

Industrial Diseases (Benefit) Act (c. 16) 41

Isle of Man (Customs) Act (c. 54) 476

Judges Remuneration Act (c. 27) 62

Juries Act (c. 41) 149

Landlord and Tenant Act (c. 56) 503

Law Reform (Enforcement of Contracts) Act (c. 34) 116

Law Reform (Limitation of Actions) Act (c. 36) 118

Licensing (Seamen’s Canteens) Act (c. 11) 8

Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act (c. 13) ... 23

Long Leases (Scotland) Act (c. 49) 352

a 2

Alphabetical List

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Page

Marriage Act, 1949 (Amendment) Act (c. 47) 291

Merchant Shipping Act (c. 18) 44

Mines and Quarries Act (c. 70) 821

National Gallery and Tate Gallery Act (c. 65) 749

National Insurance Act (3 Eliz. 2, c. 1) 1180

National Museum of Antiquities of Scotland Act (c. 14) 35

Navy, Army and Air Force Reserves Act (c. 10) 1

Niall Macpherson Indemnity Act (c. 29) 66

Overseas Resources Development Act (c. 71) 960

Pensions (Increase) Act (c. 25) 60

Pests Act (c. 68) 807

Pharmacy Act (c. 61) 629

Pool Betting Act (c. 33) ... 103

Post Office Savings Bank Act (c. 62) 646

Protection of Animals (Amendment) Act (c. 40) 147

Protection of Animals (Anaesthetics) Act (c. 46) 288

Protection of Birds Act (c. 30) 66

Rights of Entry (Gas and Electricity Boards) Act (c. 21) 49

Royal Irish Constabulary (Widows* Pensions) Act (c. 17) 43

Slaughterhouses Act (c. 42) 150

Slaughter of Animals (Amendment) Act (c. 59) 590

Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act (c. 48) 292

Superannuation (President of Industrial Court) Act (c. 37) 124

Supreme Court Officers (Pensions) Act (c. 38) 127

Telegraph Act (c. 28) 63

Television Act (c. 55) 481

Town and Country Planning Act (c. 72) 966

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act (c. 73) 1076

Transport Charges, &c. (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act (c. 64) 723

Trustee Savings Bank Act (c. 63) 663

Wireless Telegraphy (Validation of Charges) Act (3 Eliz. 2, c. 2) ... 1197

e

TABLE n

CHRONOLOGICAL LIST OF THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1954

Chapter Page

2 & 3 Biz. 2

10 Navy, Army and Air Force Reserves Act 1

11 Licensing (Seamen’s Canteens) Act 8

12 Currency and Bank Notes Act 21

13 Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act 23

14 National Museum of Antiquities of Scotland Act ... 35

15 Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Act ... 39

16 Industrial Diseases (Benefit) Act 41

•17 Royal Irish Constabulary (Widows* Pensions) Act ... 43

18 Merchant Shipping Act 44

•19 Civil Defence (Electricity Undertakings) Act 46

20 Development of Inventions Act 47

21 Rights of Entry (Gas and Electricity Boards) Act ... 49

*22 Consolidated Fund Act 52

23 Hill Farming Act 53

24 Cotton Act 56

25 Pensions (Increase) Act 60

•26 British Industries Fair (Guarantees and Grants) Act ... 61

*27 Judges* Remuneration Act 62

28 Telegraph Act 63

29 Niall Macpherson Indemnity Act 66

30 Protection of Birds Act 66

31 Coroners Act 86

32 Atomic Energy Authority Act 88

33 Pool Betting Act 103

34 Law Reform (Enforcement of Contracts) Act 116

35 Army and Air Force (Annual) Act 117

36 Law Reform (Limitation of Actions) Act 118

•37 Superannuation (President of Industrial Court) Act ... 124

38 Supreme Court Officers (Pensions) Act 127

39 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 133

40 Protection of Animals (Amendment) Act 147

41 Juries Act 149

42 Slaughterhouses Act 150

43 Industrial and Provident Societies (Amendment) Act ... 168

•44 Finance Act 174

*45 Appropriation Act 228

46 Protection of Animals (Anaesthetics) Act 288

47 Marriage Act, 1949 (Amendment) Act 291

48 Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act 292

49 Long Leases (Scotland) Act 352

50 Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act 377

* Certified by the Speaker under the Parliament Act, 1911, as a Money Bill.

Chronological List

Chapter

2 & 3 Eliz. 2 Page

51 Hire-Purchase Act 419

52 Gas and Electricity (Borrowing Powers) Act 422

53 Housing Repairs and Rents Act 423

*54 Isle of Man (Customs) Act 476

55 Television Act 481

56 Landlord and Tenant Act 503

57 Baking Industry (Hours of Work) Act 576

58 Charitable Trusts Act 586

59 Slaughter of Animals (Amendment) Act 590

60 Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act 602

61 Pharmacy Act 629

62 Post Office Savings Bank Act 646

63 Trustee Savings Bank Act 663

64 Transport Charges, &c. (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act... 723

65 National Gallery and Tate Gallery Act 749

66 Civil Defence (Armed Forces) Act 755

67 Food and Drugs Amendment Act 757

68 Pests Act 807

69 Expiring Laws Continuance Act 819

70 Mines and Quarries Act 821

71 Overseas Resources Development Act 960

72 Town and Country Planning Act 966

73 Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1076

Chapter 3 Eliz. 2

1 National Insurance Act 1180

2 Wireless Telegraphy (Validation of Charges) Act 1197 *

* CbrtiOed by the Speaker under the Parliament Act, 1911, as a Money Bill.

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 10

Navy, Army and Air Force Reserves Act, 1954 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Reserve liability after service in armed forces.

2. Meaning of " appropriate reserve *.

3. Application of enactments to men of appropriate reserve.

4. Duty to give information to service authority.

5. Repeal of emergency enactments relating to service in armed forces.

6. Interpretation.

7. Short title.

Schedule—Emergency enactments repealed.

An Act to make further provision for the liability to be recalled to service of certain persons who have served in the armed forces of the Crown and for purposes connected with the matter aforesaid.

[10th February, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) During the period beginning with the commencement Reserve of this Act and ending with the last day of June, nineteen hundred lability after and fifty-nine ,l.

(a) any national service man or national service volunteer who has completed his whole-time and part-time service within the meaning of the National Service Acts, 1948 to 1950, or service treated under those Acts as performed in lieu thereof or as equivalent thereto, and

(b) any male person (not being a person excluded from this paragraph by either subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section) who was a member of the armed forces of the Crown at any time during the period beginning with the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine and ending with the last day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-eight (hereinafter referred to as the " war-service period ")

Ch. 10

Navy, Army <4ir Force 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Reserves Act, 1954

shall except as hereinafter provided be a man of the appropriate reserve if and so long as he is under the age of forty-five and is not a member of the armed forces of the Crown apart from this section.

(2) Paragraph (b) of the foregoing subsection shall not include any person who before the commencement of this Act had finally terminated the engagement or latest engagement by virtue of which he was a member of the armed forces of the Crown during the war-service period.

(3) Paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section shall not include any person who after the thirty-first day of May, nineteen hundred and forty-six and before the commencement of this Act—

(a) was commissioned, entered or enlisted in the royal naval reserve, the royal naval volunteer reserve or the royal marine forces volunteer reserve; or

(b) enlisted in the army reserve for service as a militiaman

or enlisted in the territorial army; or

(c) was commissioned or enlisted in the royal air force

volunteer reserve otherwise than for service as a member of a part of that reserve called out on permanent service, or was commissioned or enlisted in the royal auxiliary airforce; or

() was commissioned in the supplementary reserve of officers

or army emergency reserve of officers or served as an officer of an unembodied part of the territorial army:

Provided that paragraphs (a) to (c) of this subsection shall not apply to men discharged, otherwise than for the purpose of taking a commission, before completion of the term for which they entered or enlisted as mentioned in those paragraphs if they so entered or enlisted after the twentieth day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-one.

(4) At any time when a person is a man of the appropriate reserve by virtue of this Act the service authority or an officer designated by the service authority may discharge him from that reserve; but if a person so discharged for the purpose of becoming a member of the armed forces of the Crown apart from this Act ceases to be such a member before the last day of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-nine, he shall, if and so long as he is under the age of forty-five, again be a man of the appropriate reserve by virtue of this Act until the end of that day, but without prejudice to the power of the service authority or a designated officer to discharge him again.

(5) In subsection (2) of this section the expression " engagement " means commission, entry or enlistment; and the reference

1954

Navy, Army and Air Force

Reserves Act, 1954

Ch. 10

3

in that subsection to a person’s having finally terminated an engagement shall be construed—

(a) in the case of a commission, as a reference to the relin-

quishment thereof;

(b) in the case of an entry or enlistment, as a reference to his having obtained his discharge therefrom otherwise than by having purchased it after the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and fifty-three:

Provided that—

(i) where after the twentieth day of March, nineteen hundred

and fifty-one a person has been discharged for the purpose of again entering or enlisting in any of the armed forces of the Crown for a term, then if (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) he has been discharged before the completion of that term from the force in which he so entered or enlisted he shall not thereafter be excluded from paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) of this section by virtue of the first-mentioned discharge;

(ii) a person who undertook an engagement without having finally terminated an earlier engagement of his shall not be deemed for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section to have finally terminated the later engagement until he has finally terminated the earlier engagement.

1—(1) In relation to a national service man or national Meaning of service volunteer whose last service in the armed forces of the " appropriate Crown was naval or marine service, the appropriate reserve shallrcscrve * be the royal naval special reserve maintained under the National Service Act, 1948.

(2) In relation to any person such as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of the foregoing section whose last soch service was naval service, the appropriate reserve shall be the royal naval emergency reserve, which reserve the Admiralty shall maintain.

(3) In relation to any such person as aforesaid whose last such service was marine service, the appropriate reserve shall be the royal marine emergency reserve, which reserve the Admiralty shall maintain.

(4) In relation to a person whose last such service was military service, the appropriate reserve shall be the army reserve.

(5) In relation to a person whose last such service was air force service, the appropriate reserve shall be the air force reserve.

4

Ch. 10

Navy, Army and Act Force 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Reserves Act, 1954

Application of enactments to men of appropriate reserve.

3.—(1) The Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859, shall apply to persons who are men of the royal naval special reserve, the royal naval emergency reserve or the royal marine emergency reserve by virtue of this Act subject to the modification that section three (which relates to training and exercise) shall not apply and that the power under section four to call a reservist into actual service shall not be exercised except in a case of imminent national danger or of great emergency; and sections ten and eleven of the Auxiliary and Reserve Forces Act, 1949 (which make provision for calling men of the royal naval special reserve and of certain other forces into actual service in the event of actual or apprehended attack on the United Kingdom) shall apply to persons who are men of the royal naval emergency reserve or of the royal marine emergency reserve by virtue of this Act as they apply to men of the forces mentioned in the said section ten.

(2) Notwithstanding section fifteen of the said Act of 1859 (under which reservists in actual service are subject to naval discipline), a person who is a man of the royal marine emergency reserve by virtue of this Act shall, when called into actual service, be subject to the Naval Discipline Act or the other enactments for the time being in force for the government of the royal marine forces in the same manner as those forces are subject thereto.

(3) The persons who are men of the army reserve by virtue of this Act shall be included among the men who constitute the first class of that reserve, and subsection (2) of section one of the Army Reserve Act, 1950 (which defines the two classes of that reserve) shall have effect accordingly; but the said Act shall apply in relation to those persons subject to the modification that the following sections shall not apply, that is to say—

(a) section two (which relates to service as a militiaman);

(b) section four (which provides for the calling out of reservists for annual or special training);

(c) section ten (which provides for the calling out of

reservists in aid of the civil power).

(4) The Air Force Reserve Act, 1950, shall have effect as if the persons who are men of the air force reserve by virtue of this Act were included among the persons mentioned in section one of that Act (which relates to the constitution of that reserve); but the said Act shall apply in relation to those persons subject to the modification that the following sections shall not apply, that is to say—

(a) section two (which relates to service as a special reservist);

(b) section four (which provides for the calling out of reservists for annual or special training);

(c) section ten (which provides for the calling out of reservists in aid of the civil power).

1953

Navy, Army and Air Force

Reserves A, 1954

Ch. 10

(5) For the purposes of the provisions of section one of the Army Reserve Act, 1950, and section one of the Air Force Reserve Act, 1950, relating to numbers, the numbers of the persons who by virtue of this Act are men of the army reserve and men of the air force reserve respectively shall be disregarded.

(6) In the Reinstatement in Civil Employment Act, 1950, the expression "reserve or auxiliary force*’ shall include persons who are members of the royal naval emergency reserve or the royal marine emergency reserve by virtue of this Act; and the expression "relevant service" in the Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act, 1951, shall be construed accordingly.

(7) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Act, the enactments relating to the length or conditions of service of persons serving in the armed forces of the Crown shall, in their application to service in the appropriate reserve by virtue of this Act, have effect subject to such adaptations and modifications as Her Majesty may by Order in Council made under section twenty-six of the National Service Act, 1948, direct.

4.—(1) Any person who is a man of a reserve by virtue of this Duty to give Act shall, within fourteen days of being required to do so by information notice in writing by or on behalf of his service authority, notify10 service in writing, to such authority or officer as may be specified inautll0Ilty* the notice, his name and address and also, if so required by the notice, such particulars relating to his occupation or qualifications, or both, as may be specified in the notice, being particulars appearing to the authority relevant to the question whether he ought to be recalled.

Any notice for the purposes of this subsection may be sent by post, and such a notice so sent to a man of the reserve shall be properly addressed if addressed to him at his last known address.

(2) Any person who without reasonable excuse fails to comply with the requirements of the last foregoing subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds; and any person who, in giving any information required under that subsection, knowingly or recklessly makes a statement false in any material particular shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or both.

(3) Proceedings for an offence under this section may be taken against a person at any place at which he is for the time being.

(4) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland the expression "summary conviction" means conviction in accordance with the enactments for the time being in force in Northern Ireland relating to summary jurisdiction.

6

Repeal of emergency enactments relating to service in armed forces.

Interpretation.

Ch. 10 Navy, Antf an Air Force 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Reserves Act, 1954

5. —(1) The enactments specified in the Schedule to this Act (being certain enactments relating to service in the armed forces of the Crown during the period of emergency beginning in nineteen hundred and thirty-nine) are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule; and any person who at the commencement of this Act is a member of the armed forces of the Crown by virtue of an entry or enlistment which is neither a national service engagement nor an unexpired engagement for a term is hereby discharged from that entry or enlistment.

(2) In the last foregoing subsection—

(a) " national service engagement " means an entry or enlistment by virtue of which the person in question became a national service man or national service volunteer; and

(b) " unexpired engagement for a term " means an entry or enlistment for a fixed term, being an entry or enlistment from which (whether because of the length of the term, a re-engagement, forfeiture of service, or any other reason) the person in question was not entitled to be discharged before the commencement of this Act and would not have been entitled to be so discharged even if the enactments repealed by this section had never been passed.

6. —(1) In this Act the expression " national service man or national service volunteer " means a person—

(a) deemed under the National Service Acts, 1948 to 1950 to be entered or enlisted in any of the armed forces of the Crown, or

(b) entered, enlisted or commissioned in any of those forces at a time when he was liable under those Acts to be called up for service or would have been so liable if he had attained the age of eighteen.

(2) References in this Act to the armed forces of the Crown do not include references to the Home Guard:

Provided that for the purposes of subsection (4) of section one of this Act the taking or holding of a commission in the Home Guard shall be treated as becoming or being a member of the armed forces of the Crown.

(3) References in this Act to entry or enlistment include, except in subsection (3) of section one of this Act, references to entry or enlistment deemed to have had effect by virtue of the Military Training Act, 1939, the National Service (Armed Forces) Act, 1939, or the National Service Acts, 1948 to 1950.

(4) References in this Act to a person’s relinquishing his commission include references to his being deprived thereof.

1954

Navy, Army and Air Force

Reserves A, 1954

Ch. 10

7

(5) This Act shall apply in relation to midshipmen and acting sub-lieutenants as it applies to officers of higher rank; and the expressions " commission " and " commissioned " shall be construed accordingly.

(6) The service authority for the purposes of this Act—

(a) as respects a man of the royal naval special reserve, the royal naval emergency reserve or the royal marine emergency reserve, shall be the Admiralty;

(b) as respects a man of the army reserve, shall be the Army Council;

(c) as respects a man of the air force reserve, shall be the Air Council.

(7) For the purposes of this Act, the time at which a person attains any age shall be deemed to be, according to the law in force elsewhere than in Scotland as well as according to the law in force in Scotland, the commencement of the relevant anniversary of the date of his birth.

7. This Act may be cited as the Navy, Army and Air Force short title. Reserves Act, 1954.

SCHEDULE

Emergency Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 68. The Armed Forces (Conditions of Service) Act, 1939. The whole Act.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. The National Service (Armed Subsection (2) of section

c. 81. Forces) Act, 1939. twenty-one, so far as saved by subsection (2) of section sixty of the National Service Act, 1948.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 90. The Military and Air Forces (Prolongation of Service) Act, 1939. The whole Act.

4 A 5 Geo. 6. c. 4. The Naval and Marine Forces (Temporary Release from Service) Act, 1940. The whole Act.

7 A 8 Geo. 6. c. 13. The Naval Forces (Extension of Service) Act, 1944. The whole Act.

11 A12 Geo.6. c. 64. The National Service Act, 1948 In section twenty-four, subsection (2); in section sixty, subsection (2).

14 A15 Geo. 6. c. 23. The Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Training) Act, 1951. Section thirteen.

Ch. 10, U

Navy, Afty and Air Force 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Reserves Act, 1954

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859 ... Military Training Act, 1939 National Service (Armed Forces) Act, 1939 National Service Act, 1948 Auxiliary and Reserve Forces Act, 1949 Army Reserve Act, 1950 Air Force Reserve Act, 1950 Reinstatement in Civil Employment Act, 1950 ... Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act, 1951 22 & 23 Vict. c. 40. 2&3 Geo. 6.C.25. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 81. 11 & 12 Geo. 6.C.64. 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 96. 14 Geo. 6. c. 32. 14 Geo. 6. c. 33. 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 10. 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 65.

CHAPTER 11

Licensing (Seamen's Canteens) , 1954 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Power to authorise grant of retailers' excise on-licences for seamen’s

canteens.

2. Procedure for grant of licences.

3. Repeal of emergency provisions authorising the sale of intoxicating

liquor in canteens and consequential transitional provisions.

4. Renewal of licences.

5. Transfer of licences.

6. Rights of appeal.

7. Permitted hours for sale of intoxicating liquor in canteens licensed under

this Act.

8. Prohibition on sale or supply of intoxicating liquor in a canteen licensed

under this Act for consumption off the premises.

9. Exemption of canteens licensed under this Act from restrictions under

s. 214 of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894.

10. Jurisdiction and service of notices.

11. Provisions relating to offences.

12. Short title, interpretation, repeals, extent and commencement. Schedules:

First Schedule—Grant and transfer of licences.

Second Schedule—Provisions of Licensing Acts applied to licences under this Act.

1954

Licensing (Seamen's Canteens)

Act, 1954

Ch. 11

9

An Act to make provision for the sale of intoxicating liquor in seamen’s canteens, and to revoke Regulation 60AA of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[10th February, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

I.—(1) If a body approved by the Minister of Transport and Power to Civil Aviation have provided or propose to provide a seamen’s .

canteen the need for which has been certified by that Minister, j^aiiere* excise after consultation with the Merchant Navy Welfare Board, the on-licences licensing authority may grant a licence under this Act authorising for seamen’s the person who is the manager of the canteen to hold a retailer’s canteens, excise on-licence to sell intoxicating liquor in the canteen; and an excise licence may be granted to him accordingly notwithstanding that he does not hold a justices’ licence or certificate.

(2) In this Act the expression "licensing authority" means, as respects England and Wales, the licensing justices, and, as respects Scotland, the licensing court.

2.—(1) The licensing authority shall not refuse to grant a Procedure for licence under this Act except under the following subsection or grant of on one or more of the following grounds, that is to say— licences.

(a) that the applicant is disqualified by any Act for holding a justices’ licence or certificate or is in other respects not a fit and proper person to hold a licence under this Act; or

(6) that the premises are not fit and convenient for the purposes of the canteen; or

(c) in a case where objection has been made to the situation of the canteen, on the ground specified in the objection; or

() that the applicant or body providing the canteen has entered into an agreement limiting the sources from which the intoxicating liquor or the mineral waters to be sold in the canteen may be obtained, but nothing in this subsection shall prevent the licensing authority from specifying in the licence granted by them a kind of retailer’s excise on-licence other than that requested by the applicant.

(2) Before application is made for the grant of a licence under this Act draft rules as to the persons entitled to use the canteen shall be prepared for submission with the application and the licensing authority shall refuse to grant the licence unless the

A*

10

Ch. 11

Licensing (SeamensCanteens)

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

body providing the canteen undertake to make rules for the canteen in the form of the draft, with the modifications, if any, required by the licensing authority, and not to vary those rules without the consent of the licensing authority.

(3) Any licence granted under this Act shall provide that at all times at which intoxicating liquor is sold food and beverages other than those of an intoxicating character shall also be provided for sale.

(4) Part I of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as respects the notices to be given and the documents to be served on an application for the grant of a licence under this Act.

(5) A licence under this Act may, in a case where it is proposed to construct or convert premises for a seamen’s canteen, be a provisional licence to be made final after the proposal has been carried out; and Part II of the said First Schedule shall have effect as respects such licences.

(6) In Scotland, a person, other than the procurator fiscal or the chief officer of police, intending to oppose an application for the grant of a licence under this Act shall, not later than five days before the hearing of the application, give notice in writing of his intention to the applicant and to the licensing court, specifying the ground of his objection.

Repeal of

emergency

provisions

authorising

the sale of

intoxicating

liquor in

canteens and

consequential

transitional

provisions.

3.—(1) Regulation 60AA of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939 (which authorises the sale of intoxicating liquor in canteens without a justices’ licence or certificate) shall cease to have effect on the appointed day.

(2) Where an authorisation under the said Regulation is in force as respects a seamen's canteen when application is made for the grant of a licence under this Act for that canteen to come into force on the appointed day—

(a) the licensing authority shall not have power to refuse the grant on the grounds set out in paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, but may refuse it on the ground that the canteen has been improperly conducted; and

(b) the licensing authority shall not without the consent of the body providing the canteen specify in the licence granted by them a kind of retailer’s excise on-licence not permitting the sale of any description of intoxicating liquor to which the authorisation extends; and

(c) the licensing authority shall not have power to require modifications in the draft rules submitted under subsection (2) of the last foregoing section if those draft rules correspond to restrictions and conditions subject to which the authorisation was granted.

1954 Licensing (Seamen's Canteens) Ch. 11 11

Act, 1954

4.—(1) A licence under this Act shall, unless renewed under Renewal of this section, expire— licences.

(a) in England and Wales, on the fourth day of April, and

(b) in Scotland, on the twenty-seventh day of May, next after the date on which it comes into force.

(2) If the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation has, in the calendar year in which the licence would otherwise expire, certified that the canteen is still needed, the licensing authority may renew the licence for a further period of twelve months.

(3) The licensing authority shall not refuse an application for the renewal of a licence under this Act except under subsection

(4) of this section or on one or more of the following grounds, that is to say—

(a) that the manager is disqualified by any Act for holding

a justices’ licence or certificate or is in other respects not a fit and proper person to hold a licence under this Act, or

(b) that the rules as to the persons entitled to use the canteen have not been observed or that the canteen has in other respects been improperly conducted, or

(c) that the manager or the body providing the canteen has

entered into an agreement of the kind mentioned in paragraph () of subsection (1) of section two of this Act.

(4) On renewing a licence under this Act the licensing authority may by order, to be served on the holder, direct that, within a time fixed by the order, such structural alterations shall be made in the premises comprising the canteen as they think reasonably necessary to secure the proper conduct of the canteen; and if, when application for renewal of the licence is next made after the time fixed by the order has expired, it is not shown to the satisfaction of the licensing authority that the order has been complied with, the licensing authority may refuse to renew the licence.

If an order under this subsection is complied with, the licensing authority shall not make a further order within die five years following the first-mentioned order.

(5) If the applicant for renewal of a licence under this Act has given such notices as the licensing authority may require and so requests, the licensing authority may at their discretion in renewing the licence vary the kind of retailer’s excise on-licence to be authorised by the licence so renewed.

(6) In England and Wales a person intending to oppose an application for renewal of a licence under this Act shall, not later than five days before the hearing of the application, give notice in writing to the holder of the licence specifying the ground

A* 2

12

Ch. 11

Licensing (Searne*1/. ^Qnteens) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

of his objection and in Scotland such a person, other than the procurator fiscal or the chief officer of police, shall within that time give the like notice to the holder of the licence and to the licensing court.

Transfer of 5.—(1) A licence under this Act shall not authorise the grant

licences. Cr transfer of a retailer’s excise on-licence to a manager of the canteen who is not the individual to whom the licence under this Act was granted unless the licence under this Act has been transferred to him; but where the holder of a licence under this Act has in pursuance of this Act been granted an excise licence and subsequently ceases to be the manager of the canteen, the person for the time being in charge of the canteen may, during the period of fourteen days from the date on which the holder of the licences ceased to be the manager, sell intoxicating liquor in the canteen as if those licences had been transferred to him.

(2) The power to transfer a licence under this Act shall be exercisable by the licensing authority or by justices of the peace for the petty sessions area in which the canteen is situated.

(3) A licence transferred under this section by justices of the peace shall become void at the expiration of three months from the date on which the transfer takes effect—

(a) unless within that period the transfer has been confirmed by the licensing authority, or a further transfer has been made under this section; or

(b) unless the transfer is to a person resuming the management of the canteen after an interval not exceeding four weeks.

(4) A transfer of a licence under this Act and the confirmation of such a transfer shall not be refused except on the ground that the applicant is disqualified by any Act for holding a justices’ licence or certificate or is in other respects not a fit and proper person to hold a licence under this Act.

(5) An applicant under this section shall give the notices required by Part III of the First Schedule to this Act.

(6) In Scotland the power to transfer a licence under this Act shall be exercisable by the licensing court or by any two members thereof and subsections (2) and (3) of this section shall not apply.

Rights of <>•—(1) Where the licensing authority—

appeal. (a) refuse to grant, renew or transfer a licence under this

Act; or

(b) on an application for the grant of a licence under this

Act do not authorise the kind of retailer’s excise on-licence duly requested by the applicant; or

1954

Licensing (Seamen's Canteens)

Act, 1954

Ch. 11

13

(c) on an application for renewal of a licence under this Act do not comply with the applicant’s request duly made for a change in the kind of retailer’s excise on-licence to be authorised; or

() require modifications in the rules proposed to be made as to the persons entitled to use the canteen, or withhold their consent to a variation of those rules; or

(e) make an order under subsection (4) of section four of

this Act,

any person aggrieved may appeal, in England or Wales, to the court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction under section thirty-five of the Licensing Act, 1953, in the district where the canteen is situated, and, in Scotland, to the court of appeal under the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903:

Provided that an appeal under paragraph (e) of this subsection in respect of a canteen in a borough in England or Wales having a separate court of quarter sessions may be to that court.

(2) In England and Wales sections thirty-five to thirty-seven of the Licensing Act, 1953, shall apply in relation to an appeal under this section as they apply in relation to an appeal against a refusal to renew or transfer a justices’ licence.

7.—(1) No person shall, except during the permitted hours,—

(a) himself, or by his servant or agent, sell or supply intoxicating liquor to any person in a canteen as respects which a licence under tlus Act is in force; or

(b) consume intoxicating liquor in any such canteen:

Permitted hours for sale of intoxicating liquor in canteens licensed under this Act.

Provided that this subsection shall not prevent the consumption of intoxicating liquor at a meal at any time within half an hour after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening, as the case may be, if the liquor was supplied during the permitted hours and served at the same time as the meal and for consumption at the meal.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the permitted hours for the purposes of this section shall be those fixed by or under Part VH of the Licensing Act, 1953, or, in Scotland, the Licensing Act, 1921, for licensed premises in the district in which the canteen is situated.

(3) In Scotland, Wales and Monmouthshire the permitted hours on Sundays shall for the purposes of this section be those, if any, fixed by the canteen rules; but those hours shall not be more than five, and there shall not be more than two between noon and three in the afternoon or more than three between six and ten in the evening, and none outside those periods.

Prohibition on sale or supply of intoxicating liquor in a canteen licensed under this Act for consumption off the premises.

Exemption of canteens licensed under this Act from restrictions under s. 214 of the Merchant Shipping Act. 1894.

Jurisdiction and service of notices.

Ch. 11 Licensing (Seant^J. Canteens) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1

, (4) Before rules are made or varied for the purposes of subsection (3) of this section a draft of the proposed rules shall, after such notices have been given as the licensing authority may require, be submitted to the licensing authority who may, within the limits laid down in that subsection, modify the proposed rules, but not so as to reduce the total number of hours proposed to be permitted; and the rules shall not be made or varied except in accordance with the draft so submitted and subject to the modifications, if any, made by the licensing authority.

(5) Section one hundred and seven of the Licensing Act, 1953 (which enables special orders of exemption to be granted for licensed premises) and section forty of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903 (which makes corresponding provision for Scotland) shall apply as respects a licence under this Act and the canteen to which it relates as they apply as respects a justices* on-licence, or, as the case may be, a certificate of a licensing court, and the premises to which that licence or certificate relates:

Provided that in the said section forty as applied by this subsection the words " not originating directly or indirectly with the person holding such certificate " shall be omitted.

(6) A person contravening this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds.

8. Intoxicating liquor shall not be sold or supplied in a canteen as respects which a licence under this Act is in force for consumption outside the canteen and if any person—

(a) himself, or by his servant or agent, sells or supplies intoxicating liquor in such a canteen for consumption outside the canteen, or

(b) takes intoxicating liquor from any such canteen for consumption outside the canteen,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds.

9. A hostel which includes a canteen as respects which a licence under this Act is in force shall be exempt from any byelaws made under section two hundred and fourteen of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, and from any Order in Council under that section requiring that only persons duly licensed under such byelaws shall keep seamen’s lodging houses or let lodgings to seamen.

10. —(1) The power of renewing licences under this Act conferred on the licensing authority shall be exercisable at the general annual licensing meeting or, in Scotland, at the general half yearly meeting in March, and any other power so conferred shall be exercisable on any occasion on which they have power to deal with any matter relating to a justices’ licence or certificate.

1954

Licensing (Seamen's Canteens)

Act, 1954

Ch. 11

15

(2) The Second Schedule to the Licensing Act, 1953 (which gives licensees a right to receive notice of the holding of meetings of the licensing authority) shall apply in England and Wales as if references therein to a justice’s licence included references to a licence under this Act.

(3) The power of transferring licences under this Apt conferred on justices of the peace shall be exercisable by the number of justices, and in the place, required by the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, for the hearing of a complaint.

(4) Any power conferred by this Act on justices shall be exercisable by a majority of the justices present at the meeting.

(5) Any notice or document required or authorised to be given or served under this Act may be served by post.

II.—(1) The Licensing Act, 1953, and the corresponding Acts Provisions extending to Scotland shall have effect as if in the provisions of rffilting>° that Act listed in the Second Schedule to this Act (which relate to offences connected with licensed premises) and in the corresponding Scottish enactments so listed—

(a) references to a justices’ licence or certificate included references to a licence under this Act, and

(b) references to licensed premises or a bar in licensed premises included references to a canteen in respect of which a licence under this Act is in force.

(2) Where the manager of a canteen in Scotland licensed under this Act is guilty of any act or omission which would, if he were the holder of a certificate as defined in Part VII of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903, constitute a breach of his certificate, he shall be guilty of an offence and liable to the like punishment as for a breach of certificate.

(3) Section one hundred and fifty-four of the Licensing Act,

1953 (which relates to the proof of sale or consumption of intoxicating liquor) shall apply in England and Wales in relation to an offence under this Act as it applies in relation to an offence under that Act.

(4) Subsection (3) of section one hundred and fifty of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952 (which makes the forfeiture of a justices’ licence or certificate operate also as a forfeiture of any excise licence) shall apply as if references therein to a justices’ licence or certificate included references to a licence under this Act

(5) An officer appointed by the Commissioners of Customs and Excise may prosecute for an offence under this Act committed in England or Wales and in that case any fine imposed shall.

16

Ch. 11

Licensing (Seamen's Canteens) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

subject to paragraphs (a) to (e) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and fourteen of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, be paid to the said Commissioners or such person as they may direct.

Short title, 12.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Licensing (Seamen’s

interpretation Canteens) Act, 1954.

repeals, extent 7 9

and commence* a-*

rent. G) 1" Act~

"appointed day" means, as respects England and Wales, the first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-four and, as respects Scotland, the twenty-eighth day of May in that year;

" canteen " includes a part of a hostel where food or drink is supplied, whether or not the food or drink is separately paid for;

"intoxicating liquor" means, as respects England and Wales, spirits, beer, cider, wine and sweets (as defined in the Customs and Excise Act, 1952) and, as respects Scotland, exciseable liquor;

"justices’ licence or certificate " means, as respects England and Wales, a justices’ licence and, as respects Scotland, a certificate as defined in * Part VII of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903;

"licensed premises" means premises as respects which a justices’ licence or certificate is in force;

"licensing authority" has the meaning assigned to it by section one of this Act.

(3) Subsection (8) of section one hundred and forty-nine of the Licensing Act, 1953, and, in subsection (1) of section forty-two of the Licensing Act, 1949, the words "or under an authorisation granted under regulation 60AA of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939 ", shall be repealed on the appointed day.

(4) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(5) No licence shall be granted under this Act to come into force before the appointed day.

1954 Licensing (Seamen's Canteens) Ch. 11

Act; 1954

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Grant and Transfer of Licences Part I

Applications for grant of licences

1. —(1) The applicant for the grant of a licence under this Act shall—

(a) advertise notice of the application in a newspaper in the area where the canteen is situated on some day not more than four nor less than two weeks before the hearing of the application, and, if the licensing authority so require, on some day or days outside the period permitted by this sub-paragraph but within such other period as they may fix;

(b) not more than twenty-eight days before the hearing of the application, cause notice of the application to be kept affixed, between ten in the morning and five in the afternoon of two consecutive Sundays, to a conspicuous part of the premises comprising the canteen;

(c) not less than twenty-one days before the hearing of the application, give notice in writing of the application to the chief officer of police and the clerk to the licensing authority and serve both of them with a copy of—

(i) the certificate of the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation,

(ii) the draft rules which it is proposed to make as respects the persons entitled to use the canteen,

(iii) a plan of the canteen and particulars of the means of access to the canteen and of the sanitary accommodation for persons using the canteen.

(2) In Scotland paragraphs (a) and (6) of the foregoing sub-paragraph shall not apply but the clerk to the licensing court shall, at least ten days before the hearing of the application, make out and advertise notice of the application in one or more newspapers circulating in the district.

(3) A notice under this paragraph shall state the name and address of the person who is to be the holder of the licence, the kind of retailer’s excise on-licence which is desired and the situation of the canteen.

2. —(1) Where an applicant has, through inadvertence or misadventure, failed to comply with the foregoing paragraph, the licensing authority may, upon such terms as they think fit, postpone consideration of his application and, if upon any such postponed consideration they are satisfied that any terms so imposed have been complied with, may deal with the application as if that paragraph had been complied with.

(2) References in the foregoing paragraph to the chief officer of police shall as respects England and Wales be construed in accordance with subsection (4) of section one hundred and sixty-five of the Licensing Act, 1953.

Sections 2,5.

18

Ch. 11

1st Sea. —amt.

Licensing ( Seamen's Canteens) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

Part n

Grant of provisional ucences

3. The provisions of this Act relating to the giant of a licence shall apply in relation to the grant of a provisional licence subject to the modifications specified in this Part of this Schedule.

4. —(1) A notice under paragraph 1 of this Schedule need not state the name and address of the person who is to be the holder of the licence, the notice to be affixed in pursuance of paragraph of sub* paragraph (1) of that paragraph shall be affixed to the premises on the land where the canteen is to be, and references in paragraph (c) of that sub-paragraph to the canteen shall be taken as references to the proposed canteen after the construction or conversion has been carried out.

(2) Paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two of this Act shall be omitted and the reference in paragraph ( ) of that subsection to the premises shall be taken as a reference to those premises when the construction or conversion has been carried out.

5. -^1) A provisional licence shall not come into force until the licensing authority have made it final.

(2) The licensing authority shall not refuse an application to make a provisional licence final except on either or both of the following grounds, that is to say—

(a) that the canteen has not been constructed or converted in accordance with the plan served on the clerk to the licensing authority, or

(b) that the person to whom the licence is to be granted is disqualified by any Act for holding a justices' licence or certificate or is in other respects not a fit and proper person to hold a licence under this Act.

(3) An applicant under this paragraph shall give such notices as the licensing authority may require.

Part in Applications for Transfers

6. —(1) A person applying to the licensing authority in England or Wales for the transfer or confirmation of the transfer of a licence under this Act shall, not less than fourteen days before the hearing of the application, give notice in writing to the chief officer of police and the clerk to the licensing authority.

(2) A person applying to justices of the peace in England or Wales, or to the licensing court in Scotland or any members thereof, for the transfer of a licence under this Act shall, not less than seven days before the hearing of the application, give notice in writing to the chief officer of police.

(3) A notice under this paragraph shall state the name and address of the person to whom the licence is proposed to be transferred and his trade or calling during the six months preceding the giving of the notice.

7. Paragraph 2 of this Schedule shall apply in relation to the last foregoing paragraph as it applies in relation to paragraph 1 of this Schedule.

1954

Licensing (Seamens Canteens)

Act, 1954

Ch. 11

19

SECOND SCHEDULE

Provisions of Licensing Acts applied to licences under this Act

Section of the licensing Act, 19J3 Corresponding Enactment for Scotland Subject Matter

Section 46 ... — Forgery of licences

Section 120 ... Section 65 of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903 Unauthorised sale of liquor

Section 121 ... Prohibition on keeping on licensed premises liquor which licensee is not authorised to sell

Section 126 ... Section 17 of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937 Exclusion of children from bar of licensed premises

Section 127 ... Section 30 of the Licensing Act, 1949 Persons under eighteen not to be employed in bars

Section 129 (with subsection (3) thereof omitted) Section 1 of the Intoxicating Liquor (Sale to Persons under Eighteen) Act, 1923 (with the proviso to subsection (1) thereof omitted) Restriction on supply of intoxicating liquor to persons under eighteen

Section 131 ... Section 9 of the Licensing Act, 1921 Long pull prohibited

Section 132 ... Section 8 of the Licensing Act, 1921 Restriction on credit sales

Section 134 ... Subsection (2) of section 42 of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903 Alteration of licensed premises

Section 136 ... Section 98 of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903 Licensee not to permit drunkenness

Section 137 ... Section 74 of the Licensing (Scotland) Act. 1903 Procuring drink for drunken person

Section 138 ... Section 68 of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903 Power to exclude disorderly persons from licensed premises

Sections 139 to 141 i — Punishment of licensee countenancing prostitution or gaming

Section II.

3> Ch. 11 Licensing (Seamen's Canteens) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

1954

2m> Sol

Section of th* licensing Act, 1953 Corresponding Enactment for Scotland Subject Matter

Section 142 ... Section 62 of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903 Offences in relation to constables

Section 149 ... Exclusion of licensed premises from provisions relating to parties organized for gain

Section 151 ... Section 95 of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903 so far as relating to licensed inns and hotels or public houses Right of constables to enter premises

Section 153 ... — Licence to be produced on demand

Section 156 ... — Temporary licences

f/in

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894

licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903

Licensing Act, 1921

Intoxicating Liquor (Sale to Persons under

Eighteen) Act, 1923

Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937

Licensing Act, 1949

Customs and Excise Act, 1952

Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952

licensing Act, 1953

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60.

3 Edw. 7. c. 25.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 42.

13 A 14 Geo. 5. c. 28.

1 Edw. 8 A 1 Geo. 6.

c. 37.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6.

c. 59.

15 A 16 Geo. 6

1 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

15 & 16 Geo. 6 A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

1 A 2 Eliz. 2. c. 46.

1954 Currency and Bank Notes Ch. 12 21

Act, 1954

CHAPTER 12

An Act to amend the law with respect to the issue and recall of bank notes by the Bank of England.

110th February, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Bank of England may issue bank notes of such issue and denominations as the Treasury may approve and shall not issue recall of bank any other bank notes, and any bank notes issued under this b.y section may be put into circulation in Scotland and Northern ° tngland’ Ireland as well as in England and Wales.

(2) All bank notes issued under this section shall be legal tender in England and Wales, and all such notes of denominations of less than five pounds shall be legal tender in Scotland and Northern Ireland.

(3) Bank notes shall be payable only at the head office of the Bask of England unless expressly made payable also at some other place.

(4) The holder of bank notes of any denominations shall be entitled, on a demand made by him during office hours at the head office of the Bank of England or, in the case of notes payable also at some place other than the head office, either at the head office or at that other place, to receive in exchange for the notes bank notes of such lower denominations, being bank notes which for the time being are legal tender in the United Kingdom or in England and Wales, as he may specify.

(5) The Bank of England shall have power, on giving not less than one month's notice in the London, Edinburgh and Belfast Gazettes, to call in any bank notes on payment of the face value thereof, and any such notes with respect to which a notice has been given under this subsection shall on the expiration of the notice cease to be legal tender.

(6) All bank notes which, immediately before the commencement of this Act, were legal tender in the United Kingdom, or were legal tender in England and Wales subject to the provisions of section six of the Bank of England Act, 1833 (under which 3 & 4 will. 4. five-pound notes were not legal tender by the Bank of England), c. 98. shall be deemed to have been issued under this section and shall be legal tender accordingly in the United Kingdom or, as the case may be, in England and Wales.

22

Amount of Bank of England note issue.

Ch. 12 Currency and Bank Notes 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

2.—(1) The Bank of England shall issue bank notes up to the amount representing the gold coin and gold bullion for the time being in the issue department of the Bank, and shall in addition issue bank notes to the amount of the fiduciary note issue as. determined by or under the following provisions of this section.

(2) Except as otherwise provided by a direction in force under this section, the amount of the fiduciary note issue shall be fifteen hundred and seventy-five million pounds.

(3) If the Bank of England at any time represent to the Treasury that it is expedient that the fiduciary note issue, as for the time being determined by or under this section, should be altered, the Treasury may direct that the fiduciary note issue shall be such specified amount as may be agreed between them and the Bank, and thereupon, so long as the direction is in force, the fiduciary note issue shall be that amount, and any previous direction given under this subsection and still in force shall cease to have effect.

(4) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a direction given under the last preceding subsection shall expire at the end of such period not exceeding six months as may be specified therein.

(5) Any such direction may at any time be revoked by a direction of the Treasury made on the request of the Bank of England.

(6) Any such direction may, subject to the next following subsection, from time to time be continued in force, by a direction of the Treasury made on the request of the Bank of England, for such period not exceeding six months as may be specified in the direction.

(7) No direction under this section, being a direction whereby the fiduciary note issue stands at an amount greater than that specified in subsection (2) of this section, shall continue in force after the end of the period of two years beginning with the date on which the fiduciary note issue last stood at or below the amount so specified:

Provided that the Treasury may by order direct that the said period, or as the case may be that period as for the time being extended under this proviso, shall be extended or further extended by two years.

(8) The power to make an order under the last preceding subsection shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(9) A direction under this section shall be given by a minute of the Treasury which shall be laid before Parliament.

1954

Currency and Bank Notes

Act, 1954

Ch. 12, 13

23

(10) The reference in section three of the Currency and Bank 18 & 19 Geo. 5. Notes Act, 1928, to the fiduciary note issue shall be construed c*13-as a reference to the fiduciary note issue as determined by or under this section.

3. In this Act the following expressions have the meanings Interpretation, hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—

" bank notes " means notes of the Bank of England payable to bearer on demand;

" bullion " includes any coin which is not current and legal tender in the United Kingdom;

" coin " means coin which is current and legal tender in the United Kingdom.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Currency and Bank Notes Short title.

Act, 1954. repeals and

commence-

(2) Section six of the Bank of England Act, 1833, section six ment-

of the Bankers (Ireland) Act, 1845, section fifteen of the Bank 8 & 9 Vict. c. 37. Notes (Scotland) Act, 1845, sections one, two and eight of the 8&9Vict. c.38. Currency and Bank Notes Act, 1928 and sections one and four of the Currency and Bank Notes Act, 1939 are hereby repealed, 2&3 Geo.6. c.7. and Regulations seven AA and seven AB of the Defence (Finance)

Regulations, 1939, are hereby revoked.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on such date as the Treasury may by statutory instrument appoint.

CHAPTER 13

Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Exchequer Grants

Section

1. Discontinuance of grants under Part II of Act of 1948, and provision

for payment of grants in lieu thereof.

2. Exchequer Equalisation Grants to local authorities for year 1953-54.

3. Exchequer Equalisation Grants to local authorities for year 1954-55

and subsequent years.

4. Meaning of "adjusted rateable value'* and "standard rateable

value ’*.

5. Meaning of " the relevant fraction

6. Exchequer Transitional Grants to local authorities.

7. Apportionment of Exchequer Equalisation Grants payable to county

councils for year 1953-54.

8. Apportionment of Exchequer Equalisation Grants payable to county

councils for 1954-55 and subsequent years.

9. Application of Exchequer Grants payable under this Act.

24 Ch. 13 Local Gove™*™1* (.2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Provisions) (Scotland) , 1954

Substitution, ybr certain , o/ standard rateable , if higher, for rateable valuation

Section

10. Substitution of standard rateable value, if higher, for rateable valuation,

for purposes of county requisitions and of division of payments by Transport and Electricity Authorities.

11. Substitution of standard rateable value, if higher, for rateable valuation,

for purpose of allocation of expenditure of joint committees, etc.

Supplemental and general provisions

12. Supplemental provisions.

13. Interpretation.

14. Citation, extent, and duration.

An Act to make provision with respect to the payment of Exchequer Grants to local authorities in Scotland in lieu of the grants payable to such authorities under Part II of the Local Government Act, 1948; with respect to the apportionment of the expenditure of county councils among burghs and landward areas, of the expenses of jomt committees and other joint bodies among their constituent authorities, and of the payments made under Part V of the said Act of 1948, for the benefit of local authorities in Scotland by the British Transport Commission, the British Electricity Authority ana the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board among those local authorities; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[10th February, 1954J

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Exchequer Grants

Discontinuance of grants under Pan II of Act of 1948, and provision for payment of grants in lieu thereof.

1.—(1) In respect of the year 1953-54 and of any subsequent year—

(a) no grants shall be paid to local authorities under

Part II of the Act of 1948; and

(b) in lieu thereof there shall be paid in accordance with

the subsequent provisions of this Act to local authorities grants out of moneys provided by Parliament (in this Act referred to as " Exchequer Grants ") amounting in the aggregate to a sum equal to eleven-eightieths of the total amount certified by die Minister

1954

Local Government (

Provisions) ( Scotland , 1954

Ch. 13

25

of Housing and Local Government to have been paid in respect of the twelve months ending on the thirty-first day of March falling within the year in question to local authorities in England and Wales by way of Exchequer Equalisation Grants under Part I of the Act of 1948.

(2) Any sums which have before the commencement of this Act been paid out of moneys provided by Parliament to any local authority in pursuance of Part 11 of the Act of 1948 in respect of the year 1953-54 shall be applied in or towards the satisfaction of any Exchequer Grants payable to that authority in pursuance of this Act in respect of that year.

(3) Where the amount payable by the town council of a small burgh to the council of the county in which the burgh is situated in pursuance of any requisition under section two hundred and fourteen of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, made in respect of the year 1953-54 but before the commencement of this Act, exceeds or falls short of the amount which the town council would have been required to pay if the requisition had been made after the commencement of this Act, die county council shall, before the end of the year 1953-54, repay to the town council an amount equal to the excess, or, as the case may be, require the town council by a supplementary requisition to pay to them an amount equal to the deficiency, and the provisions of the said section two hundred and fourteen shall, subject to the provisions of any regulations made in accordance with this subsection and to any necessary modifications, have effect in relation to any such supplementary requisition as they have effect in relation to a requisition made under that section:

Provided that, if and so far as the Secretary of State so provides by regulations made by virtue of the power conferred on him by section thirty-one of the Act of 1948, any sums due to or by a council under the foregoing provisions of this subsection may be paid to, or recovered from, the council by way of adjustment of the amount of any Exchequer Grant payable to the council in pursuance of this Act in respect of the year 1953-54.

2.—(1) Where for the year 1953-54 the adjusted rateable value Exchequer for a county or for a large burgh is less than the standard rateable Equalisation value for that county or large burgh there shall (subject to the Gj^ltsJ*° 1rCal provisions of sections one and seven of this Act) be paid to the council of the county or to the town council of the large burgh an Exchequer Grant equal to the relevant fraction of the amount of the difference.

(2) The said difference is in the subsequent provisions of this Act referred to as the rateable value credited to the county or the large burgh, as the case may be.

26 Ch. 13 Local 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Provisions) Wcotlcmd) , 1954

(3) Exchequer Grants under this and the next following section are in the subsequent provisions of this Act referred to as " Exchequer Equalisation Grants

Exchequer 3.—(1) Where for the year 1954-55 or any subsequent year

®qua^s*tl?n . the adjusted rateable value for the landward area of a county, authorities for *or a large burgh or for a small burgh is less than the standard year 1954-55 rateable value for the landward area of that county or for that and subsequent burgh there shall be paid to the council of the county or the years. town council of the burgh an Exchequer Equalisation Grant

equal to the relevant fraction of the amount of the difference.

(2) The said difference is in the subsequent provisions of this Act referred to as the rateable value credited to the landward area of the county, to the large burgh or to the small burgh, as the case may be.

Meaning of 4.—(1) The adjusted rateable value of a county, of the land-

" adjusted ward area of a county or of a burgh for any year, for the pur-^standard P°ses °* this Act, is the amount which would be the rateable rateable value". value of that county, area or burgh for that year if in the valua-* tion roll in force therefor on the first day of that year every local authority house were entered at a rateable value of such amount as the Secretary of State may determine to be the average rateable value for the year preceding that year of all local authority houses in Scotland.

In this subsection the expression " local authority house " means any house or dwelling in respect of which a local authority is, by section one hundred and thirty-seven of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950, required to keep a housing revenue account, being a house or dwelling erected by a local authority in exercise of powers conferred on them by paragraph (a) of subsection

(1) of section sixty-one of the said Act of 1950, or any corresponding provision of any Act repealed by that Act or by the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1925, or being a structure made available to the local authority under the provisions of the Housing (Temporary Accommodation) Act, 1944.

(2) The standard rateable value of a county, of the landward area of a county or of a burgh for any year, for the purposes of this Act, is the amount which bears to the weighted population of that county, area or burgh for that year the same proportion as the governing factor determined for that year by the Secretary of State in accordance with the provisions of subsection (4) of this section bears to the aggregate of the weighted populations of all the counties and of all the large burghs in Scotland for that year.

(3) In this section the expression 44 the weighted population " means—

(a) in relation to a large burgh, the population thereof plus the number of children under fifteen years of age therein;

1954 Local Government (Financial Ch. 13 27

Provisions) (Scotland) A, 1954

(b) in relation to a county, the population thereof plus—

(i) the number of children under fifteen years of age therein, and

j (ii) twice the number of persons by which the in-

crease of the population of the county during the period of five years immediately preceding the year in question exceeds one twentieth of the population of the county in the first year of the period of five years aforesaid, and

(iii) in the case of a county the population whereof divided by the road mileage thereof is less than seventy, one third of the additional population needed in order that the population thereof divided by the road mileage thereof should be seventy;

and

(c) in relation to the landward area of a county or to a small burgh, the population thereof plus—

(i) the number of children under fifteen years of age therein; and

(ii) such number as bears to the numbers added under sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii) of paragraph (b) of this subsection to the population of the county of which the area forms part or in which the burgh is situated the same proportion as the population of the area or the burgh, as the case may be, bears to the population of the county.

In computing for the purposes of this subsection any increase in the population of a county no account shall be taken of any members of the armed forces of the Crown within the meaning of the Crown Proceedings Act, 1947, or of a visiting force within the meaning of the Visiting Forces Act, 1952, who may be located therein only because of their duty as such.

(4) The governing factor to be used in accordance with subsection (2) of this section in respect of any year shall be determined by the Secretary of State, and shall be so determined that its use as aforesaid will result as nearly as may be in the distribution to local authorities of that part of the amount available by virtue of section one of this Act for the payment of Exchequer Grants in respect of that year which remains after payment of the grants payable under section six of this Act.

5.—0) The relevant fraction for a county, for the landward Meaning of area of a county or for a burgh for the purposes of the foregoing " the relevant provisions of this Act is the fraction arrived at by dividing the fraction • relevant local expenditure for the year in question by the sum of the following amounts, that is to say, the rateable value

28 Ch. 13 Local GoverfO^nt (Financial 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954

credited to the county, the landward area or the burgh, as the case may be, for that year and an amount equal to the adjusted product of a rate of one pound in the pound for the county, the landward area or the burgh for that year.

(2) In this section the expression " the relevant local expenditure " means in relation to a county, to the landward area of a county or to a (burgh so much of the total expenditure for the year as would fall to be met out of moneys raised by rates levied within the county, the landward area or die burgh, as die case may be, if no Exchequer Grants applicable towards meeting such expenditure were payable under this Act; and in this section the expression " die adjusted product of a rate of one pound in the pound " means the product of a rate of one pound in the pound, increased or reduced, as the case may be, by the difference between the rateable value for the county, landward area or burgh and the adjusted rateable value thereof ascertained in accordance with the provisions of subsection (1) of section four of this Act.

Exchequer 6.—(1) Where the council of a county or the town council of

"1' a burgh are, under the provisions of this section, to be regarded auSarife0041 88 having incurred in consequence of the passing of this Act a loss in respect of the year 1953-54 or any subsequent year, there shall be paid to die council of the county or the town council of the burgh, out of the amount available by virtue of section one of this Act for the payment of Exchequer Grants in respect of the year in question, an Exchequer Grant (in this Act referred to as an "Exchequer Transitional Grant") in respect of the loss.

(2) For the purpose of ascertaining whether the council of a county or the town council of a burgh are to be regarded as having incurred in consequence of the passing of this Act a loss in respect of any year, the Secretary of State shall estimate in relation to the landward area of each county and to each burgh the following amounts, that is to say—

(a) so much of the total expenditure in respect of the year

1952-53 as fell to be met out of moneys raised by rates levied within the landward area or the burgh, as the case may be, under die law applicable to die year 1952-53, and

(b) so much of the total expenditure in respect of the year

1952-53 as would have fallen to be met out of moneys raised by rates levied as aforesaid if the provisions of this Act applicable to the year in question had been applicable to the year 1952-53, it being assumed that the amount available for the payment of Exchequer Grants under this Act in respect of the year 1952-53

1954

Local Government (

Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 13

29

would have been eleven-eightieths of the total amount paid in respect of the twelve months ending on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, to local authorities in England and Wales by way of Exchequer Equalisation Grant under Part I of the Act of 1948.

(3) If for any county or burgh the amount estimated by the Secretary of State under paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection exceeds the amount estimated under paragraph (a) thereof, the council of the county or the town council of the burgh shall be regarded as having incurred in consequence of the passing of this Act a loss in respect of the year in question, and the amount of the Exchequer Transitional Grant to be paid to them in respect of that year shall be an amount equal to the difference.

(4) If there is made under section seventy of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946 (which relates to the application of the Education (Scotland) Fund) a regulation substituting the standard rateable value of an area as estimated for the purposes of this Act by the Secretary of State, if higher, for the rateable value of the area as a factor in calculating any grant payable to the council of a county or the town council of a burgh under the said section seventy, then the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect as if any reference to the passing of this Act included a reference to the making of that regulation, and as if any reference to the provisions of this Act applicable to the year in question included a reference to so much of that regulation as effects the substitution aforesaid:

Provided that the provisions of this subsection shall not affect any grant payable under this section to any council in respect of the year 1953-54 or of any year earlier than that in which die said regulation comes into force.

7.—(1) Any Exchequer Equalisation Grant payable under the Apportionment foregoing provisions of this Act to the council of a county in Exchequer respect of the year 1953-54 shall be apportioned as follows, that ^Steoavable is to say— to county

(a) to the council of the county in respect of rate-borne coun^£54 expenditure (other than any part thereof allocated to year M* large burghs in respect of education or police) for that year on purposes for which that council exercise functions throughout the county;

(b) to the council of the county in respect of rate-borne expenditure for that year on purposes for which that council exercise functions in the landward area of the county only;

30 Ch. 13 Local ^f^nment (Financial 2&3Euz.2

Provisions) (Scotland) , 1954

(c) to the town council of each small burgh situated in

the county in respect of rate-borne expenditure for that year on purposes for which that council exercise functions in the small burgh; and

() to the council of each district in the county in respect

of rate-borne expenditure for that year on purposes for which that council exercise functions in the district.

(2) The sum apportioned under each of the paragraphs of the foregoing subsection shall be of an amount bearing to the total Exchequer Equalisation Grant payable as aforesaid to the council of the county the same proportion as the rate-borne expenditure mentioned in each paragraph bears to the aggregate of those expenditures.

(3) Any sum apportioned under this section to the town council of a small burgh shall be deducted from the Exchequer Equalisation Grant otherwise payable as aforesaid to the council of the county and shall (subject to the provisions of section one of this Act) be paid by the Secretary of State to the town council of the small burgh, and any sum so apportioned to the council of a district shall be paid to that council by the council of the county out of the Exchequer Equalisation Grant paid to them.

(4) In this section the expression " rate-borne expenditure " in relation to purposes for which any council exercise functions means so much of the total expenditure of that council on those purposes as would fall to be met out of moneys raised by rates if no Exchequer Grants applicable towards meeting such expenditure were payable under this Act.

Apportionment 8.—(1) Any Exchequer Equalisation Grant payable under the

of Exchequer foregoing provisions of this Act to the council of a county in G^upayableof th® 1954-55 or of any subsequent year shall be to county apportioned between that council and the councils of the districts councils for in the county in such a way that the sum apportioned to each 1954-55 and council bears to the total Exchequer Equalisation Grant so subsequent payable the same proportion as the expenditure of that council years* reckoned in calculating the relevant local expenditure of the

landward area of the county for that year for the purposes of section five of this Act bears to the total of such relevant local expenditure.

(2) Any sum so apportioned to the council of a district shall be paid to that council by the council of the county out of the Exchequer Grants paid to them.

Application of 9.—(1) All sums received by the council of a county under

Exchequer this Act by way of Exchequer Transitional Grant shall be applied Grants payable towards meeting expenditure of the council which but for the un er 1S c * said sums would fall to be met out of moneys raised by rates levied within the landward area of the county.

1954

Local Government

Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 13

31

(2) All sums received by and apportioned to the council of a county under this Act by way of Exchequer Equalisation Grant shall be applied—

(a) in the case of sums so apportioned under paragraph (a)

of subsection (1) of section seven of this Act, towards meeting the expenditure of the council (other than any part thereof allocated to large burghs in respect of education or police) on purposes for which the coundl exercise functions throughout the whole county;

(b) in the case of sums so apportioned under paragraph (b)

of the said subsection (1), towards meeting the expenditure of the council on purposes for which the council exercise functions in the landward area of the county only; and

(c) in the case of sums so apportioned under section eight

of this Act, towards meeting the expenditure of the council which but for the said sums would fall to be met out of moneys raised by rates levied in the landward area of the county.

(3) All sums received under this Act by the town council of a burgh by way of Exchequer Grant shall be applied proportionately towards meeting those portions of the expenditure of the council which but for the said sums would fall to be met out of moneys raised by rates levied within the burgh—

(a) from owners and occupiers in equal portions,

(b) wholly from owners, and

(c) wholly from occupiers, respectively.

Substitution, for certain purposes, of standard rateable value,

if higher*, for rateable valuation

10.—(1) Where in pursuance of section two hundred and fourteen of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, the expenditure of the council of a county is, in the year 1954-55 and in any subsequent year, apportioned and allocated as between each burgh and the landward area of the county, such apportionment and allocation shall be made according to the rateable valuation or the standard rateable value as estimated for the purposes of this Act try die Secretary of State, of the respective areas, whichever is the higher; and accordingly subsection (2) of the said section two hundred and fourteen shall have effect as if after the words "valuation roll" there were inserted the words "or die standard rateable value, whichever is the higher ", and subsecdon (1)

Substitution of standard rateable value, if higher, for rateable valuation for purposes of county requisitions and of division of payments by Transport and Electricity Authorities.

32 Ch. 13 Local Go^niment (Financial 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Provisions) (Scotland) , 1954

of section two hundred and eighteen of the said Act shall have effect as if—

(a) after the words " local authorities concerned " there were inserted the words " or the standard rateable value of the said areas if higher ", and

(b) after the words " for the year current " there were inserted the words " and the standard rateable value shall be the standard rateable value as estimated by the Secretary of State for the purposes of the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954, in respect of the year immediately preceding die year in respect of which the requisition is made "

(2) The sums paid under Part V of the Local Government Act, 1948, to the Secretary of State for the benefit of local authorities in Scodand by the British Transport Commission, the British Electricity Authority and the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board shall, in the year 1954-55 and in any subsequent year, be distributed by him among the rating authorities according to their respective rateable valuations or their standard rateable values as estimated for the purposes of this Act by the Secretary of State, whichever is the higher; and accordingly subsection (3) of section one hundred of the Local Government Act, 1948, shall have effect as if after the words "rateable valuations" there were inserted the words "or standard rateable values as estimated by the Secretary of State for the purposes of the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954, whichever is die higher "

11.—(1) Where in pursuance of any enactment any two or more local authorities have combined for any purpose in which they are joindy interested, and it is a provision—

(a) of the enactment authorising or requiring the combination; or

(b) of any scheme or agreement entered into or made for the purposes of the combination; or

(c) of any agreement entered into in pursuance of a term in such a scheme or agreement as aforesaid that the expenses of the combination or of any joint committee or joint board appointed for the purposes of the combination shall be defrayed in such proportions as the authorities concerned may agree,

that die expenses of the combination or of any joint committee or joint board so appointed shall be defrayed according to a formula based, in whole or in part, on the rateable valuations of the areas, or of parts of the areas, of the respective constituent authorities, then, unless those authorities otherwise agree, j any reference in that provision to the rateable valuation of an | area, or part of an area, of an authority shall in the year 1954-55

Substitution of standard rateable value, if higher, for rateable valuation, for purpose of allocation of expenditure of joint committees, etc.

1954 Local Government ( FinaCh. 13 33

Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954

and in any subsequent year, be construed as a reference to the rateable valuation of that area, or that part of that area, or to its standard rateable value, whichever is the higher.

(2) Where there has been established under Part II of the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) (Scotland) Act, 1951, a river purification board on which two or more local authorities are represented, the board shall be deemed for the purposes of this section to be a combination of these local authorities for a purpose in which they are jointly interested.

(3) In this section—

(a) any reference to die standard rateable value of the area

of a local authority is a reference to that value as ascertained for the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this Act, and any reference to the standard rateable value of a part of such an area is a reference to so much of the standard rateable value of the area as bears to the whole the same proportion as the rateable valuation of the part of the area bears to the rateable valuation of the whole area; and

(b) the expressions " joint committee " and " joint board "

have die meanings respectively assigned to them in the Load Government (Scodand) Act, 1947.

Supplemental and general provisions.

12.—(1) Sections eighteen, nineteen, twenty and twenty-five Supplemental of the Act of 1948 are hereby repealed. provisions.

(2) The following provisions of the Act of 1948, that is to say, section twenty-two (which relates to the power to reduce grants), section thirty (which relates to investigations into the working of the grant provisions) and section thirty-one (which provides for the making of regulations for carrying Part II of that Act into effect and for certain supplemental matters) shall apply in relation to this Act and to die grants payable thereunder as they apply in relation to Part II of the Act of 1948 and to the grants payable thereunder, subject, however, to the following and any other necessary modifications, that is to say,—

(a) the said section thirty shall, if the Secretary of State is

satisfied on representations made to him by any local authority or by any association of local authorities or otherwise that the investigation required by the said section to be made in the year 1957-58 should be made in a year prior to that year, have effect with the substitution for the reference to the year 1957-58 of a reference to that prior year; and

(b) in the said section thirty-one any reference to estimates of the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland shall extend to estimates of the number of children under fifteen years of age in the landward area of a county or in a small burgh.

B

34 Cr. Local ^\ (Financial 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Provision*) Gotland) , 1954

(3) Any reference in any Enactment (other than an enactment mentioned in the last foregoing subsection) to grants under Part II of the Act of 1948 shall be construed as including a reference to grants under this Act.

Interpretation. 13.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the

following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" the Act of 1948 " means the Local Government Act, 1948; " large burgh " and " small burgh " have the like meanings as in the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947;

" local authority " (except in the expression " local authorities in England and Wales ") has the like meaning as in the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947;

" rate " has the like meaning as in the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, but does not include a rate levied as a domestic water irate;

" year " means a period of twelve months beginning with the sixteenth day of May, and "the year 1953-54" means the year ending on the fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, and any corresponding expression in which two years are similarly mentioned means the year ending on the fifteenth day of May in the second mentioned of those two years.

(2) Subsection (4) and subsections (5) to (7) of section one hundred and forty-five of the Act of 1948 (which relate respectively to the ascertainment of the rateable value of an area and of the product of a rate of a specified sum in the pound for an area) shall have effect, subject to any necessary modifications, for the purposes of this Act as they have for the purposes of the Act of 1948-

(3) Any reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended or extended by any other enactment including this Act.

Citation, extent, and duration

14.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954, and shall extend to Scotland only.

(2) This Act shall continue in force until the expiration of the fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-nine, and shall then expire.

coo

1954

Local Government (Financial Ch, 13, 14

Provisions) (Scotland) Ac, 1954

35

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Housing (Scotland) Act, 1925 Housing (Temporary Accommodation) Act, 1944 Education (Scotland) Act, 1946 Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 Crown Proceedings Act, 1947 Local Government Act, 1948 Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950 Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) (Scotland) Act, 1951 Visiting Forces Act, 1952 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 15. 7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 36. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 72. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 44. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26. 14 Geo. 6. c. 34. 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 66. 15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 67.

CHAPTER 14

National Museum of Antiquities of Scotland , 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Scottish National Museum of Antiquities Board.

2. Powers and duties of the Board.

3. Property vested in the Board.

4. Officers and servants of the Board.

5. Provision for expenses.

6. Amendment of National Galleries of Scotland Act, 1906, s. 4.

7. Citation and commencement.

Schedule.

An Act to provide for the establishment of a Board to manage the National Museum of Antiquities of Scotland and to amend the provisions of the National Galleries of Scotland Act, 1906, relating to the constitution of the Board constituted thereunder.

[10th February, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For the purpose of managing the National Museum of Scottish Antiquities of Scotland (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the National Museum") there shall be constituted in accordance with the P.of Schedule to this Act a Board of Trustees to be called the Board Board. of Trustees for the National Museum of Antiquities of Scotland and hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Board

(2) The supplementary provisions contained in the Schedule to this Act shall have effect with regard to the Board.

B2

36

Powers and duties of the Board.

Ch. 14 National Museum of Antiquities 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

of Scotland , 1954

2.—(1) The Board shall have the general management and control of the Museum and for that purpose may—

(a) accept gifts or bequests of money or objects or other property;

(b) with the consent of the Secretary of State, exchange, sell or otherwise dispose of any object belonging to the Museum which in the opinion of the Board is not required for the purposes of the Museum;

(c) with the consent of the Secretary of State, apply any money received by the Board for any object disposed of by them or from any other source, and not subject to any specific condition or direction, in the purchase of any object which in the opinion of the Board it is desirable to acquire for the Museum or otherwise in defraying any expenses incurred by the Board;

() lend to any gallery or museum or exhibition under the control of a public authority or university in Great Britain or to any gallery or museum or exhibition approved for the purposes of this provision by the Secretary of State any object which can in the opinion of the Board be temporarily removed from the Museum without injury to the interests of persons using the Museum:

Provided that before making any such loan the Board shall satisfy themselves that due provision is made for the safety and insurance of the object and for payment by the borrower of all expenses in connection with its removal and return;

(e) make such rules as they think necessary for the purposes

of the management and control of the Museum, including the governing of the admission of persons to the Museum Library and the extent of the borrowing privileges to be accorded to Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland;

(/) with the consent of the Secretary of State, destroy any object vested in them which appears to them to be infested by destructive organisms or, by reason of physical deterioration, to have become useless for the purposes of the Museum;

(g) subject to the provisions of this Act do such other things as appear to the Board to be necessary or expedient for furthering the interests and increasing the utility of the Museum:

Provided that the powers conferred by this section of exchanging, selling or otherwise disposing of or lending any object shall not be exercised in any manner inconsistent with any condition known to have been attached to any gift or bequest

1954

National Museum of Antiquities

of Scotland 1954

Ch. 14

37

by virtue or in consequence of which that object was vested in the Board for the purposes of the Museum.

(2) There shall be transferred to the Board the whole powers, rights, duties and liabilities, so far as relating to the Museum, of—

(a) the Board of Trustees for the National Galleries of

Scotland, and

(b) the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland.

(3) The Board shall make an annual report of their proceedings to the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of State shall lay any such report before each House of Parliament.

3. —(1) There shall be vested in the Board and be held by the Board for the purposes of the Museum all objects which—

(a) at the time of the constitution of the Board were vested in the Board of Trustees for the National Galleries of Scotland for the purposes of the Museum;

(b) are expressly given or bequeathed to the public or to the nation or to the Board for the purposes of the Museum;

(c) are given or bequeathed by words showing an intention that the gifts should enure to or for the benefit of the Museum;

() are acquired by purchase or otherwise for the purposes of the Museum.

(2) All additions to the Library of the Museum which are made to it through the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland shall be vested in the Board.

4. —(1) The Secretary of State may, to such number as the Treasury may sanction, appoint such officers and servants as he may deem necessary to enable the Board to exercise and perform their powers and duties, and the persons employed in the Museum at the commencement of this Act shall, subject to any direction of the Secretary of State, be transferred and attached to, and become officers and servants of, the Board.

(2) The officers and servants of the Board shall receive such remuneration as the Treasury may, on the application of the Secretary of State, determine.

5. Any expenses incurred by the Board in the exercise and discharge of their powers and duties under this Act, and any sums required for the remuneration of the officers and servants of the Board, shall, except in so far as they are defrayed in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section two of this Act, be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament. Any moneys received by the Board and not

Property vested in the Board.

Officers and servants of the Board.

Provision for expenses.

38

Amendment of National Galleries of Scotland Act, 1906, s. 4.

6 Edw. 7. c. 5.

Citation and commencement.

Section 1.

Ch. 14 National Museum of Antiquities 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

of Scotland , 1954

used in accordance with the provisions of the said paragraph (c) or subject to any specific direction or condition shall be paid into the Exchequer.

6. —(1) Subsections (1) and (3) of section four of the National Galleries of Scotland Act, 1906, in so far as they relate to the period of office of the members of the Board thereby constituted, and to the periodic reconstitution of that Board, shall cease to

i. have effect and each member shall hold office for five years from the date of his appointment, and shall be eligible for reappointment on the expiry of that period.

(2) Subsection (4) of the said section four, in so far as it requires the appointment of the Chairman of the said Board to be for a period of not less than a year, shall cease to have effect and accordingly the words in the said subsection " not being less than a year " are hereby repealed.

7. —(1) This Act may be cited as the National Museum of Antiquities of Scotland Act, 1954.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on such date as the Secretary of State may by statutory instrument appoint.

SCHEDULE

Constitution and Proceedings of Board

1. The Board shall consist of the following persons:—

(a) four Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland appointed by the Society;

(Jb) four persons to be appointed, one by the Senatus Academicus of each of the Universities of St. Andrews, Glasgow, Aberdeen and Edinburgh;

(c) the President of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland for the time being ex officio;

() the Abercromby Professor of Prehistoric Archaeology in the University of Edinburgh for the time being ex officio;

(e) eleven persons appointed by the Secretary of State as follows—

(i) one representing archaeological interests in the West of Scotland;

(ii) one representing the Scottish Regional Group of the Council for British Archaeology;

(iii) one representing schools; and

(iv) eight representing such public interests other than archaeological, as the Secretary of State may think fit.

2. In the event of the establishment of a Chair of Archaeology or closely related subject in any of the Universities of St. Andrews, Glasgow or Aberdeen, the Secretary of State may direct that the holder of that Chair for the time being shall be a member of the Board ex officio.

1954

39

National Museum of Antiquities Ch. 14, 15

of Scotland , 1954

Supplementary Provisions

3. Each appointed member of the Board shall hold office for four years from the date of his appointment, and shall be eligible for reappointment on die expiry of that period.

4. If the place of an appointed member of the Board becomes vacant before the expiration of his term of office, whether by death, resignation or otherwise, the vacancy shall be filled by appointment, by the body or person who appointed the member whose place so became vacant, of a person possessing the like qualification as that member.

5. The Secretary of State shall appoint, either from among the members or otherwise, a person to be chairman of the Board, and the Board shall appoint one of their members to be vice-chairman.

6. The Board shall have power to appoint committees consisting of members of the Board.

7. The Board shall have power to make rules regulating their procedure including the quorum of the Board and of any committee appointed by them.

8. The proceedings of the Board shall not be invalidated by any vacancy in the membership thereof or by any defect in the appointment of a member.

9. The Board shall be a body corporate with a common seal.

CHAPTER 15

An Act to extend the period during which loans and advances may be made under the Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Acts, 1949 to 1952; to authorise the National Film Finance Corporation to enter into special arrangements with respect to certain loans; and for purposes connected therewith.

[9th March, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. In the following provisions of the Cinematograph Film Extension of Production (Special Loans) Act, 1949 (in this Act referred to as period for "the principal Act"), as amended by the Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Act, 1950, that is to say— qqQ 6 c 20.

(a) paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one (which 14 Geo. 6. c. 18. authorises the making of loans by the National Film Finance Corporation during the five years beginning with the passing of the principal Act);

40 Ch. 15 Cinematograph Film Production 2 & 3 ELiz. 2

(Special Loans) Act, 1954

(6) subsection (1) of section four (which authorises the Board of Trade, with the consent of the Treasury, to make advances to the Corporation within the said five years, so, however, that the aggregate amount of the principal outstanding in respect of any such advances shall not at any time exceed six million pounds); and

(c) sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 8 of the Schedule (which empowers the Treasury in certain circumstances by order to dissolve the Corporation at any time after the expiration of the said five years), for the words " five years " there shall in each case be substituted the words " eight years ".

Power to 2.—(1) If at any time the Corporation are satisfied with respect

enter into to any loan made by them which has fallen due for repayment arrangements that, except with harmful consequences to the production of toartSrf01 the amount of the loan cannot be recovered in accordance

loans. with the terms thereof or by means of the remedies available,

the Corporation may with the approval of the Board of Trade enter into any financial arrangements with respect to that loan which, in the judgment of the Corporation, are calculated to lead to the eventual recovery without such harmful consequences as aforesaid of the whole or part of the amount of the loan; and any such arrangements may in particular provide for the waiving by the Corporation of payment of interest or for the acceptance by the Corporation of shares or debentures in any company in or towards repayment of the amount of the loan.

(2) Where for the time being, under any such arrangements with respect to a loan, the Corporation are receiving no payment or are receiving smaller payments than they were to have received under the terms of the loan, the Board of Trade may with the approval of the Treasury postpone or remit in whole or in part any payments by the Corporation to the Board, being payments of amounts in or towards repayment of any advance made by the Board under section four of the principal Act and used for the purposes of that loan or payments of interest on any suns for the time being outstanding in respect of any such advance.

(3) The Board of Trade shall lay before each House of Parliament a statement of any payment or part of a payment in respect of any advance made to the Corporation by the Board which is postponed or remitted by the Board under the last foregoing subsection, together with particulars of any arrangements entered into by the Corporation under subsection (1) of this section with respect to the loan for the purposes of which that advance was used.

(4) In this section, the expressions " shares ", " debentures " and " company " have the same meanings as in the Companies Act, 1948.

1954 Cinematograph Film Production Ch. 15, 16 41

[Special Loans) Act, 1954

3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Cinematograph Film Short title. Production (Special Loans) Act, 1954, and shall be construed cltation»etc-as one with the principal Act.

(2) This Act and the Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Acts, 1949 to 1952, may be cited together as the Cinematograph Film Production (Special Loans) Acts, 1949 to 1954.

CHAPTER 16

An Act to amend the Pneumoconiosis and Byssinosis Benefit Act, 1951, by applying it to diseases in respect of which compensation was payable under the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925, and by making provision for the payment of benefit for partial disablement, and for purposes incidental thereto.

[9th March, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

L—(1) The Pneumoconiosis and Byssinosis Benefit Act, 1951 Extension to (in this Act referred to as " the 1951 Act ") shall apply to any other diseases, disease in respect of which compensation was payable under the * $

Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925, by virtue of section forty- ’ *c‘ three of that Act, as well as to pneumoconiosis and byssinosis. 16 Geo-5

(2) A scheme under the 1951 Act shall not provide for the ! payment of benefit in respect of a disease to which the Act is

| applied by this section, unless the Minister of Pensions and

National Insurance is satisfied that the disease is of such a nature that there are likely to be cases where a person suffers from it and it is due to the nature of his employment, but where it does not manifest itself till more than twelve months after he has ceased to be engaged in the employment. 3

(3) In paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section two of the 1951 Act (under which a scheme cannot provide for the payment of benefit in respect of a person’s disablement or death if compensation in respect of it has been paid or is payable by virtue of a scheme made or certified under the Workmen’s Compensation Acts), for the words " by virtue of any scheme made or certified under the Workmen’s Compensation Acts " there shall be substituted the words 44 under the Workmen’s Compensation Acts or by virtue of a scheme made or certified thereunder ".

B*

42

Ch. 16

Industrial Diseases (Benefit) A, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Extension to cases of partial disablement.

9 & 10 Geo. c. 62.

Financial

provisions.

Short title, citation and repeal.

2. —(1) In paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one of the 1951 Act (under which a scheme may provide for paying benefit to persons totally disabled by a disease to which the Act applies) the word "totally " shall be omitted; but—

(a) the restrictions which may be imposed by a scheme in respect of the persons to whom benefit is payable under the scheme in respect of their disablement shall include restrictions relating to the nature or degree of disablement; and

(b) in subsection (2) of section three of the 1951 Act after the words " the weekly rate of an allowance in respect of disablement shall be forty shillings" there shall be inserted the words " or, if the disablement is not total, twenty shillings

(2) Without prejudice to the provision made by the 1951 Act with respect to the determination of questions, a scheme under that Act may, where it appears to the Minister of Pensions and National Insurance expedient so as to avoid the introduction or working of the scheme being impeded, provide that, in any circumstances prescribed by the scheme, a person shown to be disabled by a disease shall be presumed for the purposes of the scheme to have been disabled by that disease for such period previously, and the disablement to have been during that period or any part of it of such a nature and degree, as may be so prescribed.

(3) For paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two of the 1951 Act (under which a scheme cannot provide for the payment of benefit in respect of a person’s disease if he has been employed

>. in certain employments since the commencement of the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" (a) if he or any other person is or has been entitled to benefit in respect of the disablement or death under the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946; ". 3 4

3. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to this Act in the expenses of the Minister of Pensions and National Insurance or any other Government department which are so payable under section sixty of the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946, as applied by virtue of subsection (1) of section four of the 1951 Act.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Industrial Diseases (Benefit) Act, 1954, and this Act and the 1951 Act may be cited together as the Industrial Diseases (Benefit) Acts, 1951 and 1954.

(2) In subsection (2) of section six of the 1951 Act there shall be repealed in paragraph (a) the words from " in relation to " to " section two of this Act " and the whole of paragraph (6).

1954 Royal Irish Constabulary Ch. 17 43

(Widows' Pensions) Act, 1954

CHAPTER 17

An Act to provide for the payment of supplementary allowances and of pensions to persons who are or have been widows of certain former members of the Royal Irish Constabulary.

[9th March, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Secretary of State may with the consent of the Supplementary Treasury make regulations for the payment out of moneys allowances and provided by Parliament, at such rates as may be prescribed by the pensions, regulations,—

(a) of supplementary allowances to widows of former members of the Royal Irish Constabulary who are entitled to pensions payable under the enactments (other than this Act) relating to the pensions of that force; and

(b) of pensions to such widows who are not so entitled, in such cases as he thinks fit, being cases which satisfy such conditions as may be prescribed by the regulations.

(2) The said conditions shall include the following, that is to say:—

(a) that the widow in question had married her husband before he ceased to be a member of the Royal Irish Constabulary; and

(b) that she has attained the age of sixty or is incapable of self-support or, in such cases as may be prescribed by the regulations, that she has a dependent child; and

(c) that she is ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom, any of the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man or the Republic of Ireland; and

() as respects a pension, that her husband ceased to be a member of the Royal Irish Constabulary before the first day of September, nineteen hundred and eighteen or, if his rank was higher than that of head constable major, before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and nineteen.

(3) Regulations under this Act may contain such consequential or incidental provisions as appear to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient, including, in particular—

(a) provision as to the cases in which pensions or supplementary allowances under the regulations are to be varied, suspended or terminated or are to be applied otherwise than by being paid to the person to whom they were awarded;

B* 2

44

Ch. 17, 18

Royal Irish Constabulary

(Widows* Pensions) Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Short title and interpretation.

Computation of deduction for space occupied by propelling power.

(b) provision for invalidating assignments of or charges on any such pensions or supplementary allowances and for preventing the passing of any such pension or allowance to any other person on the bankruptcy of the person to whom it was awarded.

(4) Regulations under this Act may make provision for securing, in such cases as may be prescribed by the regulations, that where the widow of a former member of the Royal Irish Constabulary has remarried and again become a widow the same payments may be made to her under the regulations as if she had not remarried.

(5) The power to make regulations under this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Royal Irish Constabulary (Widows’ Pensions) Act, 1954.

(2) References in this Act to pensions payable under the enactments relating to the pensions of the Royal Irish Constabulary do not include gratuities payable under those enactments.

(3) For the purposes of this Act a woman shall be deemed to be incapable of self-support if, but only if, she is incapable of supporting herself by reason of physical or mental infirmity and is likely to remain so incapable for a prolonged period.

(4) In this Act " child " includes a stepchild and an adopted child; and " adopted " means adopted in pursuance of an order of a court of law.

CHAPTER 18

An Act to amend the law with respect to the deductions to be made for the space occupied by the propelling power in measuring the tonnage of merchant ships in which the tonnage of the space solely occupied by and necessary for the proper working of the boilers and machinery does not exceed thirteen, or in the case of ships propelled by paddle wheels twenty, per cent, of the gross tonnage.

[9th March, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Where in the case of a ship to which this section applies the space solely occupied by and necessary for the proper working of the boilers and machinery is thirteen per cent, or less of the gross tonnage of the ship, then in ascertaining the registered

1954

Merchant Shipping

Act, 1954

Ch. 18

45

tonnage of the ship the deduction allowable for that space

under section seventy-eight of the Merchant Shipping Act, 57 & 58 vict. c. eo.

1894 -

(a) shall be computed in accordance with the next following

subsection; but

(b) shall not be made unless the surveyor of ships is satisfied

that the space provided for the working of the boilers and machinery and the ventilation and lighting of that space are adequate.

(2) Subject to the limit imposed by section one of the Merchant 7 Edw. 7. c. 52. Shipping Act, 1907, the amount of the said deduction shall be

as follows, that is to say—

(a) if the tonnage of the first-mentioned space is thirteen per cent, of the gross tonnage of the ship, the said amount shall be thirty-two per cent, of that gross tonnage;

(b) if the tonnage of that space is less than thirteen per cent.

of the gross tonnage of the ship, the said amount shall be thirty-two per cent, of that gross tonnage proportionately reduced.

(3) In relation to ships propelled by paddle wheels the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect as if for the references to thirteen and thirty-two per cent, there were substituted respectively references to twenty and thirty-seven per cent.

(4) This section applies—

(a) to any ship the keel of which is laid after the commence-

ment of this Act; and

(6) if the owner has made a request in writing to that effect to the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation, to any ship in respect of which the surveyor of ships is for the time being satisfied as mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section.

(5) Where under the foregoing provisions of this section the making of the deduction mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, or its computation in accordance with subsection (2) of this section, depends on the surveyor of ships being satisfied as mentioned in paragraph (b) of the said subsection (1), and the deduction—

(< a) has been made and so computed but a surveyor of ships, on inspecting the ship, fails to be satisfied as aforesaid; or

(b) has not been made or, as the case may be, has not been so computed, but a surveyor of ships, on inspecting the ship, is satisfied as aforesaid,

the surveyor shall inform the registrar of British ships and the registered tonnage of the ship shall be altered accordingly.

46

Application to British possessions, etc.

53 & 54 Vict, c. 37.

Construction, citation and commencement.

IS ft 16 Geo. 6. ft 1 Bliz. 2. c. 14.

Application to electricity undertakings of Civil Defence Act, 1939, s. 39.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 31.

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 5.

Short title and citation.

Ch. 18,19 Merchant Shipping 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

2. -—(1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that the provisions of this Act shall extend, with such exceptions, adaptations and modifications, if any, as may be specified in the Order, to the Isle of Man, any of the Channel Islands, or any colony.

(2) The Foreign Jurisdiction Act, 1890, shall have effect as if the provisions of this Act were included among the enactments which, by virtue of section five of that Act, may be extended by Order in Council to foreign countries in which for the time being Her Majesty has jurisdiction.

3. —(1) This Act and the Merchant Shipping Act, 1952, shall be construed as one with the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1950.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping Act, 1954. and this Act and the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1952 may be cited together as the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1954,

(3) This Act shall come into operation on such day as the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation may by order made by statutory instrument appoint.

CHAPTER 19

An Act to enable grants to be made in respect of measures taken to secure the due functioning of electricity undertakings in Great Britain in the event of hostile attack.

[9th March, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. In section thirty-nine of the Civil Defence Act, 1939 (which provides for making grants towards approved expenses of public utility undertakers in taking measures to secure the due functioning of their undertaking in the event of hostile attack, but by virtue of subsection (3) does not apply in relation to an electricity undertaking), the words "or electricity undertaking" in the said subsection (3) are hereby repealed; and section six of the Civil Defence Act, 1948 (which confers power by regulations to revive and amend previous Acts relating to civil defence, including the Civil Defence Act, 1939), shall apply in relation to the said section thirty-nine as if that section had always had effect as amended by this Act. 2

2. This Act may be cited as the Civil Defence (Electricity Undertakings) Act, 1954, and this Act and the Civil Defence Acts, 1937 to 1948, may be cited together as the Civil Defence Acts, 1937 to 1954.

1954 Development of Inventions Ch. 20 47

Act, 1954

CHAPTER 20

An Act to extend to ten years the period during which advances may be made to the National Research Development Corporation out of the Consolidated Fund and during which the Board of Trade may with the approval of the Treasury waive payments by way of interest on such advances; to make further provision as to the functions of the Corporation relating to research; and otherwise to amend the Development of Inventions Act, 1948.

[18th March, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) In section seven of the principal Act, (which empowers Extension of the Board of Trade with the consent of the Treasury to make advances up to five million pounds to the Corporation to defray Advances to capital expenditure, but limits the time within which such advances National may be made to five years from the establishment of the Research Corporation), in subsection (1) for the words "five years"Development there shall be substituted the words " ten years

(2) In subsection (2) of section eight of the principal Act waivms (which enables the Board of Trade with the approval of the JSSKdvMwes Treasury to waive payments of interest due within five years from the establishment of the Corporation) for the words " five years " there shall be substituted the words " ten years ".

2.-—(1) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that Functions of the activities which may be carried on by the Corporation under c?5?rafion subsection (3) of section one of the principal Act (which empowers the Corporation to carry on activities ancillary to the Corporation’s functions of securing the development and exploitation of inventions) include promoting and assisting research where in the opinion of the Corporation the results of the research are likely to further the development or exploitation of inventions to which the Corporation’s said functions extend or to enhance the value of such inventions.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, the functions of the Corporation shall include promoting and assisting research for satisfying specific practical requirements brought to the knowledge of the Corporation where they are of opinion that the research is likely to lead to an invention. 3

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section, where it appears to the Corporation that a course of research has resulted in

48

Ch. 20

Minor amendments of principal Act.

11 & 12 Geo. 6 c. 38.

Short title, interpretation, construction and citation

11 &12 Geo. c. 60.

Develop*1?1 t of Inventions 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

any discovery such that the continuation of the research may lead to inventions of practical importance, the Corporation shall have power to assist the continuation of the research.

(4) The approval of the Lord President of the Council and the Board of Trade shall be requisite for the exercise by the Corporation of the functions conferred on them by the two last foregoing subsections.

(5) The approval of the Lord President of the Council and the Board of Trade may be given for the purposes of the last foregoing subsection either as respects any particular case or as respects any class of cases and subject to such conditions and limitations as they think fit.

3. —(1) In paragraph (ii) of the proviso to subsection (2) of section four of the principal Act (under which the Corporation does not require the approval of the Board of Trade to the giving of financial assistance to a person undertaking the development or exploitation of an invention if the aggregate of the assistance given to him in any year does not exceed five hundred pounds), for the words " five hundred pounds " there shall be substituted the words " one thousand pounds ".

(2) In subsection (3) of section ten of the principal Act (which requires auditors of the accounts of the Corporation to be members of one or more of certain specified bodies) for the references to the Society of Accountants in Edinburgh, the Institute of Accountants and Actuaries in Glasgow and the Society of Accountants in Aberdeen there shall be substituted a reference to the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland.

(3) The persons qualified to be appointed under subsection

(3) of section ten of the principal Act as auditors of the accounts of the Corporation shall include members of any body of accountants established in the United Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-one of the

>. Companies Act, 1948, by the Board of Trade.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Development of Inventions Act, 1954.

(2) In this Act the expression " the Corporation " means the National Research Development Corporation and the expression

i. " the principal Act " means the Development of Inventions Act, 1948. 3

(3) This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act, and that Act and this Act may be cited together as the Development of Inventions Acts, 1948 and 1954.

1954 Rights of Entry Ch. 21 49

(Gas and Electricity Boards) , 1954

CHAPTER 21

An Act to regulate the exercise of statutory rights of entry by or on behalf of Gas Boards and Electricity Boards, and for purposes connected with the matter aforesaid.

[18th March, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) No right of entry to which this Act applies shall be Restriction on exercisable in respect of any premises except— right^f°entry

(a) with consent given by or on behalf of the occupier of the premises, or

(b) under the authority of a warrant granted under the next following section:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply where entry is required in a case of emergency.

(2) This Act applies to all rights of entry conferred by the enactments relating to gas, by the enactments relating to electricity, or by any local enactment, in so far as those rights are exercisable for the purposes of a Gas Board or Electricity Board.

(3) No person shall be liable to a penalty, under any enactment relating to obstruction of the exercise of a right of entry to which this Act applies, by reason only of his refusing admission to a person who seeks to exercise the right of entry without a warrant granted under the next following section.

2.—(1) Where it is shown to the satisfaction of a justice of Warrant to

the peace, on sworn information in writing,— authorise

entry.

(a) that admission to premises specified in the information is reasonably required by a Gas Board or Electricity Board, or by an employee of such a Board, for a purpose so specified;

(b) that the Board or their employee, as the case may be, would, apart from the preceding section, be entitled for that purpose to exercise in respect of the premises a right of entry to which this Act applies; and

(c) that the requirements (if any) of the relevant enactment have been complied with,

then subject to the provisions of this section the justice may by warrant under his hand authorise the Board or their employee, as the case may be, to enter the premises, if need be by force.

50

Ch. 21

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Gas and Electrify Boards) , 1954

(2) If, in a case to which the preceding subsection applies, the relevant enactment does not require notice of an intended entry to be given to the occupier of the premises, the justice shall not grant a warrant under this section in respect of the right of entry in question unless he is satisfied—

(a) that admission to the premises for the purpose specified

in the information was sought by a person lawfully requiring entry in the exercise of that right, and was so sought after not less than twenty-four hours’ notice of the intended entry had been given to the occupier; or

(b) that admission to the premises for that purpose was sought

in a case of emergency and was refused by or on behalf of the occupier; or

(c) that the premises are unoccupied; or

() that an application for admission to the premises would

defeat the object of the entry.

(3) Where paragraph (a) of the last preceding subsection

11 & 12 Geo. 6. applies, section seventy of the Gas Act, 1948 (if entry is required «•67- for the purposes of a Gas Board) or section sixty-three of the

10 & 11 Geo. 6. Electricity Act, 1947 (if entry is required for the purposes of an

Electricity Board) shall apply to the service of the notice required by that paragraph.

(4) Every warrant granted under this section shall continue in force until the purpose for which the entry is required has been satisfied.

(5) Any person who, in the exercise of a right of entry under the authority of a warrant granted under this section, enters any premises which are unoccupied, or premises of which the occupier is temporarily absent, shall leave the premises as effectually secured against trespassers as he found them.

(6) Where a warrant is granted under this section in respect of a right of entry, then for the purposes of any enactment whereby—

(a) an obligation is imposed to make good damage, or to pay compensation, or to take any other step, in consequence of the exercise of the right of entry, or

(b) a penalty is imposed for obstructing the exercise of that right,

any entry effected, or sought to be effected, under the authority of the warrant shall be treated as an entry effected, or sought to be effected, in the exercise of that right of entry.

(7) This section shall, in its application to Scotland, have effect as if for any reference to a justice of the peace there were substituted a reference to the sheriff and to a magistrate or justice of the peace having jurisdiction in the place where the premises entry to which is sought are situated.

1954

Rights of Entry

(Gas and Electricity Boards) Act, 1954

Ch. 21

51

3. —(1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings Interpretation, hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say,—

" Electricity Board " has the same meaning as in the Electricity Act, 1947;

" employee ", in relation to a Gas Board or an Electricity Board, means an officer, servant or agent of the Board;

" enactment " includes a local enactment;

" Gas Board " means an Area Board within the meaning of the Gas Act, 1948;

"local enactment" means a local or private Act, or an order made under, or confirmed by, an Act (whether a public general Act or a local or private Act);

" premises " means a building or a part of a building;

" right of entry " includes a power of entry.

(2) In this Act—

(a) references to a person lawfully requiring entry to premises in the exercise of a right of entry to which this Act applies are references to a person seeking admission to those premises by virtue of that right and in accordance with the requirements (if any) of the relevant enactment; and

(b) references to the relevant enactment, in relation to a right of entry, are references to the enactment conferring that right, and references to the requirements of the relevant enactment are references to any requirements of that enactment as to the giving of notices or the taking of any other step before, or at the time of, the exercise of the right.

(3) References in this Act to a case of emergency are references

to a case in which a person lawfully requiring entry to the premises in question, in the exercise of a right of entry to which this Act applies, has reasonable cause to believe that circumstances exist which are likely to endanger life or property, and that immediate entry to the premises is necessary to verify the existence of those circumstances or to ascertain their cause or to effect a remedy.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Rights of Entry (Gas and Short title,

Electricity Boards) Act, 1954. extent

commence*

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland. rant. 3

(3) This Act shall come into operation at the expiration of the period of one month beginning with the day on which it is passed.

52

Ch. 22

Consolidated Fund 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 22

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-three, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-four and one thousand nine hundred and fifty-five.

[26th March, 1954]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

£78.oo2f,389 9s. km. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of consolidated Fund * United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply fortheservice oT granted to Her Majesty for the service of the years ending on the 3myMw"i9f3 thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-and 1954, three and one thousand nine hundred and fifty-four, the sum of seventy-eight million, two thousand, three hundred and eighty-nine pounds, nine shillings and tenpence.

Sen0,769,200 out 2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of

ofWco^atej, the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply of the °Jar ending" granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the 31st March, 1955. thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-five, the sum of one thousand six hundred and seventeen million, seven hundred and sixty-nine thousand, two hundred pounds.

Power for 3.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the

the Treasury issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, apd the Bank of England to borrow. ancj the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one thousand six hundred and ninety-five million, seven hundred and seventy-one thousand, five hundred and eighty-nine pounds, nine shillings and tenpence.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-five, and section 40 & 41 Vict, six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal c. 2. of bills) shall not apply with respect to those bills.

1954

Consolidated Fund , 1954

Ch. 22, 23

53

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund Act, 1954. Short title.

CHAPTER 23

An Act to amend section ten of the Hill Farming Act, 1946, and to provide for the registration of conditions applied to cottages under that section.

[26th March, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Section ten of the Hill Farming Act, 1946 (which Amendments requires regulations to be made by the appropriate Minister for s* *° of-attaching conditions as to the occupation and maintenance of cottages in respect of which improvement grants are made under 9 ’ 1Q G‘ that Act, as amended by subsequent enactments, and for the £ 73 eo* * recovery of such grants in the event of a breach of those conditions) shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this section.

(2) So much of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of the said section ten as requires that the conditions to be applied to a cottage by regulations made thereunder shall include a condition prohibiting the occupation of the cottage otherwise than by the owner or a tenant thereof shall cease to have effect; but in relation to a cottage which is for the time being occupied in pursuance of a contract of service by a person who is not a tenant of the cottage, the said conditions shall include a condition corresponding—

(a) in the case of regulations for England and Wales or Northern Ireland, with the condition set out in subsection (4) of section two of the Housing Act, 1952 15 & 16 Geo. 6. (which secures the possession of the occupier for four & l Eliz. 2. weeks if the contract of service is determined by the c* 53* employer or by death);

54

Ch. 23

Hill Ad, 1954

2 & 3 ELiz. 2

(6) in the case of regulations for Scotland, with the condition set out in subsection (2) of section six of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1952 (which makes corresponding pro* vision in Scotland).

(3) Regulations made for the purposes of paragraph ( ) of the said subsection (1) (which provides for the recovery of sums paid on account of grant in the event of a breach of conditions) shall provide—

(a) for enabling the appropriate Minister to suspend the operation of the regulations in respect of any such breach which appears to that Minister to be capable of being remedied, and to except therefrom any such breach which is remedied to the satisfaction of that Minister within such period as he may allow or which appears to that Minister not to have been due to any act, default or connivance on the part of the person from whom any sums would be recoverable thereunder;

(b) for limiting the amount recoverable under the regulations in the case of any other breach of conditions in respect of a cottage by reference to the extent to which the period for which those conditions were applied to the cottage remains unexpired at the date of the breach.

(4) In any case where sums on account of an improvement grant in respect of a cottage are paid to a person not being the owner of the cottage, regulations made for the purposes of the said paragraph (b) may provide for recovery from that person, or his successors in title, instead of from the owner; and the said paragraph shall have effect as if for the words " payable to him " there were substituted the words " payable on account of the grant ".

(5) Regulations made under the said section ten may be made so as to apply (subject to such modifications, if any, as may be specified therein) to cottages in respect of which improvement grants have been made before the date on which the regulations come into force, and shall be so made so far as necessary for giving effect to subsections (2) and (3) of this section.

IS A16 Geo. 6. A 1 EKz. 2. a 63.

Registration of conditions applied to cottages under s. 10 of the Hill Farming Act. 1946.

2.—(1) Any conditions applied to a cottage in England or Wales by virtue of regulations made after the passing of this Act under the said section ten shall be registered in the prescribed manner in the register of local land charges by the proper officer of the council of the county borough or county district in which the cottage is situated; and it shall be the duty of the appropriate Minister to notify the proper officer of the council in whose area the cottage is situated of any conditions to be registered under this subsection, and to furnish him with all necessary information relating thereto.

1954

Hill Farming , 1954

Ch. 23

55

(2) The power conferred by subsection (6) of section fifteen of

the Land Charges Act, 1925, to make rules for giving effect to the 15 & 16 Geo. 5. provisions of that section shall be exercisable for giving effect to c- 22. the foregoing subsection, and in that subsection the expression "prescribed’' means prescribed by rules made in the exercise of that power.

(3) Where any conditions apply to a cottage in Scotland by virtue of regulations made as aforesaid the appropriate Minister shall cause to be recorded in the appropriate Register of Sasines a notice in such form as may be prescribed by the said regulations specifying the conditions which by virtue of the said regulations apply to the cottage; and where the aforesaid conditions cease to apply to a cottage the appropriate Minister shall cause to be recorded in the appropriate Register of Sasines a notice in a form prescribed as aforesaid stating that the conditions no longer apply to the cottage.

(4) Any conditions applied to a cottage in Northern Ireland by virtue of regulations made as aforesaid shall be included amongst the matters which are required to be registered in the Statutory Charges Register; and accordingly the following paragraph shall be added to subsection (1) of section two of the Statutory Charges Register Act (Northern Ireland), 1951:—

"(0 Any conditions applied to a cottage by virtue of regulations under section ten of the Hill Farming Act,

1946."

(5) For the purposes of section six of the Government of 10 All Geo. 5. Ireland Act, 1920 (which relates to the powers of the Parliament c*67*

of Northern Ireland to make laws) subsection (4) of this section shall be deemed to have been passed before the date appointed for the purposes of the said section six.

3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Hill Fanning Act, 1954; Short tide, and the Hill Fanning Act, 1946, the Livestock Rearing Act, 1951, citation, # and this Act may be cited together as the Hill Fanning and Md^nrr^nce-Livestock Rearing Acts, 1946 to 1954. ment.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with section ten of the 15 Geo*6* Hill Fanning Act, 1946. c*18’ 3 * *

(3) This Act shall come into operation at the expiration of

a period of two months beginning with the date on which it is

passed.

56

Ch. 2A

2 & 3 E 2

Functions of Raw Cotton Commission.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 26.

Cot*on Act, 1954

CHAPTER 24

Cotton Act, 1954 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Functions of Raw Cotton Commission.

2. Repeal of monopoly provisions, and of certain provisions as to

members of Commission.

3. Compensation to officers, agents and servants of Commission.

4. Provision for dissolution of Commission.

5. Supplementary and financial provisions.

6. Short title and extent.

An Act to modify the functions of the Raw Cotton Commission, to repeal the monopoly provisions of the Cotton (Centralised Buying) Act, 1947, and to make consequential provision as respects members, officers, servants and agents of the Commission; to make provision for enabling the Commission to be wound up and dissolved; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[14th April, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The following provisions of section one of the Cotton (Centralised Buying) Act, 1947 (in this Act referred to as " the principal Act "), that is to say,—

(a) in subsection (1) (which provides that there shall be a Raw Cotton Commission who shall be charged with the duty therein mentioned), the words from " who shall " to the end of the subsection,

(b) subsection (2) (which makes provision as to the quantities, growths, types and qualities of the raw cotton to be bought and imported by the Commission), and

(c) subsection (4) (which imposes restrictions on the prices to be charged by the Commission),

shall cease to have effect.

(2) The Raw Cotton Commission (in this Act referred to as " the Commission ") shall have power to carry on the business of buying and selling raw cotton, subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of the said section one (which provides that the

1954

Cotton Ac, 1954

Ch. 24

57

prices at which the Commission sell raw cotton shall be such as may seem to them best calculated to further the public interest in all respects) and subject to, and with the powers conferred by, the other provisions of the principal Act (as amended by this Act) and the following provisions of this Act.

(3) Section twelve of the principal Act (which relates to the general powers of the Commission) shall have effect as if the reference to the functions of the Commission under section one of the principal Act were a reference to their functions under the last preceding subsection; and in section sixteen of the principal Act (which authorises temporary borrowing by the Commission for meeting their obligations and discharging their functions under the Act) the reference to the functions of the Commission under that Act shall be construed as including a reference to their functions under the last preceding subsection.

(4) In this section the expression " raw cotton " has the same meaning as in the principal Act.

(5) This section shall be deemed to have come into operation on the first day of September, nineteen hundred and fifty-three.

2. —(1) Sections two and three of the principal Act (which with Repeal of certain exceptions confer on the Commission a monopoly over monopoly the importation of raw cotton into the United Kingdom and its anTSf certain sale for delivery within the United Kingdom), section four of provisions as the principal Act (which provides penalties for contraventions of to members of sections two and three), and section twenty-two of the principal Commission. Act (which provides for the making of regulations for enabling

the Commission to obtain information), shall cease to have effect.

(2) Subsection (4) of section five of the principal Act (which specifies the qualifications required for appointment as a member of the Commission), and subsection (2) of section six of that Act (which imposes temporary restrictions on the business activities of persons ceasing to be independent members of the Commission), shall cease to have effect.

3. —(l) The Commission, in such cases as may be determined Compensation under this section, shall make compensation payments, of suchto °®*rs* amounts as may be so determined, to or in respect of persons

who, at any time after the passing of this Act, or before the commission, passing of this Act, suffer or have suffered loss of employment as officers, agents or servants of the Commission in consequence of the modification of the functions of the Commission effected by section one of this Act, or in consequence of any diminution of, or other change in, the activities of the Commission corresponding with that modification of the Commission’s functions.

58

Ch. 24

C#tm A

2&3EUZ.2

Provision for dissolution of Commission.

c/, 1954

(2) References in this section to the determination of matters thereunder are references to the determination thereof by the Commission with the approval of the Board of Trade and the Minister of Materials (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Board " and " the Minister " respectively).

(3) Any compensation payments made by the Commission before the passing of this Act to or in respect of persons such as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section shall, if approved by the Board and the Minister after the passing of this Act, be treated as payments made by virtue of that subsection.

(4) In this Act the expression " compensation payment " means any payment by way of compensation for loss of employment.

4.—(1) The Board and the Minister, if at any time they are satisfied that it is in the public interest to do so, may by order jointly provide for the winding up and dissolution of the Commission; and if such an order is made the following provisions of this section shall have effect.

(2) The Board and the Minister, after consultation with the Treasury, shall jointly give directions for the making, out of moneys belonging to the Commission, of compensation payments, of such amounts as may be determined by or under the directions, to or in respect of persons who suffer loss of employment as officers, agents or servants of the Commission after the coming into operation of the order, and who satisfy such conditions in respect of their service with the Commission as may be specified in the directions.

(3) Sections eight and twenty of the principal Act (which relate respectively to annual reports and to the accounts of the Commission) shall not have effect as respects any period after the end of the last complete financial year of the Commission before the coming into operation of the order; but the order shall include such provision as the Board and the Minister consider appropriate as to the accounts of the Commission in respect of any period between the end of that year and the coming into operation of the order, and in respect of the period between the coming into operation of the order and the dissolution of the Commission, and as to laying before Parliament a statement of any such accounts.

(4) The power of the Minister to make periodical advances to the Commission under section fifteen of the principal Act shall continue to have effect notwithstanding the coming into operation of the order; and for the purposes of that section the outgoings of the Commission properly chargeable to revenue account shall include the expenses of the winding up.

1954

Cotton Ac, 1954

Ch. 24

59

(5) On the winding up of the Commission—

(a) if any moneys belonging to the Commission are determined in accordance with the order to be moneys which are not required, and will not be required, to meet the liabilities of the Commission and the expenses of the winding up, those moneys shall be paid to the Minister, and shall be paid by the Minister into the Exchequer;

(b) if the assets of the Commission are determined in accord-

ance with the order to be insufficient to meet the liabilities of the Commission and the expenses of the winding up, the Minister shall out of moneys provided by Parliament make good the deficiency in such manner as may be provided by the order.

References in this subsection to the liabilities of the Commission include references to any compensation payments which, by virtue of any directions under subsection (2) of this section, are payable out of moneys belonging to the Commission.

(6) The Minister, if it appears to him to be expedient for the purposes of the winding up of the Commission, may with the consent of the Treasupr by order provide for the cancellation of aO or any of the liabilities of the Commission in respect of initial advances (as defined by section fourteen of the principal Act) and in respect of periodical advances under section fifteen of that Act, including any periodical advances made after the coming into operation of the order mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

5.—(1) Any power conferred by this Act to make orders shall Supplementary be exercisable by statutory instrument, and no order shall be and financial made under this Act unless a draft of the order has been laid Provisions. before Parliament and has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(2) Any order under this Act may be varied by a subsequent order thereunder.

(3) Anything required or authorised by or under this Act to be done by, to or before the Board may be done by, to or before the President of the Board, any Minister of State with duties concerning the affairs of the Board, any secretary, under-secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, or any person authorised in that behalf by the President.

In this subsection the expression " Minister of State '* means such a Minister of the Crown as is referred to in section two of the Re-election of Ministers Act, 1919, as explained by the House 9 & 10 Geo. 5. of Commons Disqualification (Declaration of Law) Act, 1935. 26 Geo 5

c. 38.

60 Ch. 24,25 Cotton , 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(4) There may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums authorised to be so issued under subsection (1) of section twenty-one of the principal Act for enabling the Minister to make periodical advances to the Commission; and the provisions of subsection (2) of that section as to the raising of money by the Treasury for the purpose of providing sums to be so issued, and of providing for their replacement, shall have effect accordingly.

Short title 6.—(1) This Act may be cited as the'Cotton Act, 1954.

and extent.

(2) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 25

An Act to amend section two of the Pensions (Increase) Act, 1944, by abolishing the limit of pension up to which increases may be made under that section and substituting ten per cent, for the scale of increases authorised by that section; and for purposes connected therewith.

[14th April, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Amendment of s. 2 (1) of Pensions (Increase) Act, 1944.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 21.

10 & 11 Geo. 6, c. 7.

1.—(1) In subsection (1) of section two of the Pensions (Increase) Act, 1944 (which, as amended by subsection (3) of section one of the Pensions (Increase) Act, 1947, authorises the increase, in accordance with a scale set out in the said subsection (1), of pensions payable under the Superannuation Acts up to a limit of seven hundred and eighty-seven pounds ten shillings a year) there shall be substituted, for the words from " in accordance with the following scale " to " seven hundred and eighty-seven pounds ten shillings a year ", the words " by ten per cent.".

(2) Subsection (3) of section one of the said Act of 1947 is hereby repealed.

(3) In relation to a pension which is, or would but for this subsection be, increased by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section, subsection (2) of section three of the said Act of 1944 (under which an increase under that Act is reduced or excluded where the amount of a pension has been increased by reason of an addition by way of war bonus or similar allowance

1954

Pensions ( Increase) Act, 1954

Ch. 25, 26

61

to the emoluments of any office or employment in respect of which or on retirement from which the pension is payable) shall have effect as if the references therein to such an addition included any excess of the said emoluments over what they were on the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, or what in the opinion of the Treasury they would have been on that day had the office or employment then existed; so, however, that no pension shall by virtue of this subsection be less than it would have been if this Act had not been passed.

(4) Where any pension is increased by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section those provisions shall apply to any instalment of that pension payable in respect of any period beginning on or after the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-four; and any payment of such an instalment made before the passing of this Act shall be adjusted accordingly.

2. This Act may be cited as the Pensions (Increase) Act, 1954. Short title.

CHAPTER 26

An Act to empower the Treasury to guarantee loans and the Board of Trade to make grants to British Industries Fair Limited.

[14th April, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Treasury may guarantee, in such manner and on Power of such conditions as they think fit, the repayment of the principal Treasury to of and the payment of interest on any loan made to the company guarantee incorporated on the third day of February, nineteen hundred and to fifty-four by the name of British Industries Fair Limited ^°mpany* (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Company "), being a loan made on the terms that the whole of the principal thereof shall be repaid before the end of the month of June in the year nineteen hundred and fifty-nine:

Provided that the amount of the principal of any loans in respect of the repayment of which guarantees given under this section are in force at any time shall not in the aggregate exceed the difference between one hundred thousand pounds and the aggregate of any sums which, before that time, have been paid or fallen due for payment in fulfilment of guarantees so given in respect of the repayment of the principal of loans.

62 Ch. 26, 27 British Industries Fair 2 & 3 ELiz. 2

(Guarantees and Grants) , 1954

(2) Any sums required for fulfilling a guarantee given under this section shall be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof, and any sums received by way of the repayment of any sums issued as aforesaid under this section shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3) The Treasury shall lay before both Houses of Parliament— (u) a statement of any guarantee given under this section

immediately after it is given; and

(b) as soon as possible after the end of the month of June in the year nineteen hundred and fifty-nine, an account of the total sums (if any) which have been paid or fallen due for payment in fulfilment of guarantees given under this section, or have been received by way of the repayment of any sums so paid.

Power of 2. The Board of Trade may, out of moneys provided by

Board of Trade Parliament, from time to time make to the Company, towards for*adver^ngS defraying expenditure incurred or to be incurred by the Company by the 8 in advertising the British Industries Fair, grants of such amounts Company. and on such conditions (if any) as the Board, with the approval of the Treasury, may determine.

[Short title.] 3. This Act may be cited as the British Industries Fair (Guarantees and Grants) Act, 1954.

CHAPTER 27

An Act to increase the salaries attached to certain high judicial offices and to regulate the payments to be made to Judges of the High Court in England in respect of their expenses when acting under commissions of assize and other commissions.

[14th April, 1954J

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

increase of 1.—(1) The salary payable to the holder of any of the following

salary etc. offices, that is to say,—

(a) Lord Chancellor or Lord of Appeal in Ordinary;

(b) Lord Chief Justice, Master of the Rolls, President of the Probate, Divorce and Admiralty Division, Lord Justice of Appeal or puisne Judge of the High Court of Justice in England;

1954

Judges' Remuneration , 1954

Ch. 27, 28

63

(c) Lord Justice General, Lord Justice Clerk or Senator of the College of Justice in Scotland;

() Lord Chief Justice, Ordinary Judge of the Court of Appeal or Judge of the High Court of Justice other than Lord Chief Justice in Northern Ireland;

shall be increased by two thousand pounds a year in the case of the Lord Chancellor and Lord Chief Justice of England, and by three thousand pounds a year in any other case :

Provided that the increase in the salary payable to the holder of an office shall not affect the amount of any pension or other benefit payable in respect of service in the office under the Judges’ Pensions (Scotland) Act, 1808, or section nineteen of 48 Geo. 3. the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877, or under c. 145. the Administration of Justice (Pensions) Act, 1950. 40 * 41 vict*

14 &*15 Geo. 6. c. 11.

(2) The judges of the High Court of Justice in England shall be entitled to receive, in addition to their salaries, such allowances as the Lord Chancellor may from time to time, with the concurrence of the Treasury, determine in respect of their expenses when acting under a commission of assize or other commission issued under section seventy of the Supreme Court of Judicature 15 & i6 Geo. 5. (Consolidation) Act, 1925; and any such allowance shall bee.49. paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

2.—This Act may be cited as the Judges’ Remuneration Act, short title 1954.

CHAPTER 28

An Act to authorise increased charges for telegrams, and for purposes connected with such charges.

[13th May, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The charge for the transmission of a telegram shall be charges for at such rate as may be fixed by or under regulations made under telegrams, section two of the Telegraph Act, 1885, being, in the case of an 48 & 49 vict inland ordinary written telegram, uniformly and without regard c. 58. to distance a rate not exceeding three shillings for the first twelve words of each telegram or for each telegram of less than twelve words and threepence for each additional word over twelve

A.

64

Ch. 28

TeWaph Act, 1954

2 & 3 Pi 2

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 23.

31 & 32 Vict c. 110.

words, and shall cover the cost of delivery within such limits and by such means as may be prescribed by or under those regulations; and the provisos to the said section two are hereby repealed.

(2) Section four of the Post Office and Telegraph Act, 1940 (which provides that regulations made under section two of the Telegraph Act, 1885, may prescribe special terms, conditions and rates for certain telegrams and that a special rate so prescribed may exceed the maximum rate for telegrams provided by the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1926) shall have effect as if the references therein to the said Acts included references to subsection (1) of this section.

(3) Section sixteen of the Telegraph Act, 1868 (which makes provision with respect to press telegrams and the maximum rates chargeable therefor) is hereby repealed, but notwithstanding anything in section four of the Post Office and Telegraph Act, 1940, in the case of a message for transmission at special rates and subject to special terms and conditions in pursuance of regulations made by virtue of the said section four to a person engaged in the collection and distribution or display of news, being a message—

(a) of a class specified in the regulations; and

(b) for transmission to such a person as aforesaid who has entered into arrangements with the Postmaster-General whereby messages may be sent to him at those special rates and subject to those special terms and conditions,

the charge for the transmission of an inland telegram shall be at a rate not exceeding—

(i) three shillings in respect of each address to which

it is to be delivered for every eighty words or fractional part of eighty words tendered to be transmitted not earlier than six o’clock in the evening but before nine o’clock in the morning or for every sixty words or fractional part of sixty words tendered to be transmitted not earlier than nine o’clock in the morning but before six o’clock in the evening; or

(ii) where the telegram as originally tendered for transmission is to be delivered to two or more addresses of the same person within such limits as may be prescribed by or under the regulations aforesaid, one shilling in respect of each such address within those limits after the first, irrespective of the number of the words of the telegram.

(4) For the purposes of the maximum rates laid down by subsections (1) and (3) of this section, in calculating the number of the words of any telegram, any name or address, whether of the sender or of an addressee, which is to be transmitted with the message contained therein shall be treated as part of the telegram.

1954

Telegraph Act, 1954

Ch. 28

65

(5) For the removal of doubt, it is hereby declared that the power to make regulations under section two of the Telegraph Act, 1885, as extended by section four of the Post Office and Telegraph Act, 1940, for fixing the sums to be from time to time paid on account of the matters specified therein and for determining the conditions and purposes on which and for which the use of any telegraphs may be permitted includes both power to make regulations fixing or determining, and power to make regulations providing for the fixing or determining of, those sums, conditions or purposes.

(6) In this section, the expression " inland " in relation to a telegram means for transmission between places within the area comprised by the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man; and any reference in this section to any other Act shall be construed as a reference to that Act as amended by or under any other Act, including this Act.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Telegraph Act, 1954, and Citation, the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1949, and this Act may be cited cxtentkand together as the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1954. repeats.

(2) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall extend to the Channel Islands and the Royal Courts of the Channel Islands shall register this Act accordingly.

(4) This Act shall extend to the Isle of Man.

(5) The enactments specified in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed section 2.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

31 ft 32 Vict, c. 110. The Telegraph Act, 1868. Section sixteen.

48 ft 49 Vict, c. 58. The Telegraph Act, 1885. The provisos to section two.

60 ft 61 Vict, a 41. The Post Office and Telegraph Act, 1897. The whole Act.

ft 6 Geo. 5. c. 82. The Post Office and Telegraph Act, 1915. The whole Act.

3 ft 4 Geo. 6. c. 25. The Post Office and Telegraph Act, 1940. Section three.

14 ft 15 Geo. 6. c. 37. The Telegraph Act, 1951. The whole Act.

c

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

66 Ch. 29,30 jvjaW McPherson Indemnity

, 1954

CHAPTER 29

An Act to indemnify Niall Macpherson, Esquire, from any penal consequences which he may have incurred by sitting or voting as a member of the House of Commons while holding the office of member of the London agency of the Dried Fruits Control Board of the Commonwealth of Australia, and to remove any disqualification for membership of that House by reason of his having held that office.

[13th May, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows*—

indemnity 1. Niall Macpherson, Esquire, shall be and is hereby freed, for and discharged and indemnified from all penal consequences whatso-^auaU^atioD ever *ncurre^ by him by sitting or voting as a member of the of Niall Commons House of Parliament while holding the office of member

Macpherson, of the London agency of the Dried Fruits Control Board of Esquire. the Commonwealth of Australia, and shall be deemed not to have been or to be incapable of sitting or voting as a member of that House by reason only of his having held that office at any time before the passing of this Act.

[Short title.] 2. This Act may be cited as the Niall Macpherson Indemnity Act, 1954.

CHAPTER 30

Protection of Birds , 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Protection of wild birds, their nests and eggs.

2. Exceptions to s. 1 with respect to certain wild birds, nests and eggs.

3. Power to establish bird sanctuaries.

4. General exceptions.

5. Prohibition of certain methods of killing or taking wild birds.

6. Restrictions on sale of live and dead wild birds, eggs, etc.

7. Restrictions on importation of certain wild birds and eggs.

8. Protection of captive birds.

9. Power to vary Act by order.

10. Power to grant licences.

11. Advisory Committees on Birds.

12. Enforcement, penalties, etc.

13. Orders, notices, etc.

1954

Protection of Birds Act, 1954

CH 30

67

Section

14. Interpretation.

15. Amendments, repeals, etc.

16. Short title, extent and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Wild birds and their eggs protected by special penalties.

Part I—At all times.

Part n—During the close season.

Second Schedule—Wild birds which may be killed or taken at any time by authorised persons.

Third Schedule—Wild birds which may be killed or taken outside the close season.

Fourth Schedule—Wild birds which may not be sold alive unless dose-ringed and bred in captivity.

Fifth Schedule—Amendments in other enactments.

Sixth Schedule—Repeals.

An Act to amend the law relating to the protection of birds.

[4th June, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. If. save as permitted by or under this Act, any person Protection of wilfully— vMbird*

/ v 1.11 , their nests and

(a) kills, injures or takes, or attempts to kill, injure or take, eggs.

any wild bird; or (b) takes, damages or destroys the nest of any wild bird while that nest is in use; or

(c) takes or destroys an egg of any wild bird,

or if any person has in his possession or control any wild bird recently killed or taken which is not shown to have been killed or taken otherwise than in contravention of this Act or any order made thereunder, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act and, if that offence is committed in respect of a bird included in the First Schedule to this Act or in respect of the nest or egg of such a bird, shall be liable to a special penalty.

1—(1) Except in Scotland on Sundays and on Christmas Exceptions Day or in a prescribed area on Sundays, an authorised to s. l person shall not be guilty of an offence under section one of to

this Act by reason of the killing or taking of, or an attempt to birds kill or take, a wild bird included in the Second Schedule to and eggs, this Act, or by reason of the injuring of such a bird in the course of an attempt to kill it.

(2) Excqpt in Scotland on Sundays and on Christmas Day or in a prescribed area on Sundays, a person shall not be guilty of an offence under section one of this Act by reason of the killing

68

Ch. 30

Protection of B^ds Act, 1954 2 & 3 Buz. 2

or taking of, or an attempt to kill or take, a wild bird included in the Third Schedule to this Act outside the dose season for that bird, or by reason of the injuring of such a bird outside that season in the course of an attempt to kill it.

(3) Except in Scotland on Sundays and on Christmas Day, an authorised person shall not be guilty of an offence under section one of this Act by reason of the taking, damaging or destruction of a nest if that nest is in use by a wild bird included in the Second Schedule to this Act, or by reason of the taking of an egg of a wild duck, wild goose or swan if it is shown that the egg was taken for the purpose of causing it to be hatched.

(4) Except in Scotland on Sundays and on Christmas Day, a person shall not be guilty of an offence under section one of this Act—

(a) by reason of the taking or destruction of an egg of a

wild bird included in the Second Schedule to this Act or of any other common wild bird which the Secretary of State may by order made with respect to the whole or any specified part of Great Britain prescribe for the purposes of this paragraph; or

(b) by reason of the taking for the purpose of human consumption or of use as food for poultry, ornamental ducks, ornamental geese or swans, otherwise than from any area which the Secretary of State may by order specify for the purposes of this paragraph, of an egg of a Wack-headed gull or common gull; or

(c) by reason of the taking or destruction of an egg of a

lapwing before the fifteenth day of April in any year.

(5) In subsections (1) and (2) of this section, the expression " prescribed area " means any administrative area in England or Wales which the Secretary of State may by order prescribe for the purposes of those subsections respectively. 6

(6) In subsection (2) of this section, the expression " close season " means—

(a) in the case of capercaillie and (except in Scotland)

woodcock, the period in any year commencing with the first day of February and ending with the thirtieth day of September;

(b) in the case of snipe, the period in any year commencing

with the first day of February and ending with the eleventh day of August;

(c) in the case of wild duck and wild geese in or over any

area below high water mark of ordinary spring tides, the period in any year commencing with file twenty-first

1954

Protection of Birds , 1954

Ch. 30

69

day of February and ending with the thirty-first day of August;

(d) in any other case, subject to the provisions of section nine of this Act, the period in any year commencing with the first day of February and ending with the thirty-first day of August:

Provided that the Secretary of State may by order made with respect to the whole or any specified part of Great Britain vary the close season for any wild bird specified in the order, so, however, that no such order shall prescribe a close season for any bird in any area commencing on a date later or ending on a date earlier than that which would have been applicable in the case of that bird in that area if this proviso had not been passed.

3*—(1) With a view to the creation of bird sanctuaries, the Power to Secretary of State may by order make provision with respect to any area specified in the order providing for all or any of the following matters, that is to say—

(a) that any person who, within that area, at any time wilfully kills, injures or takes, or attempts to kill, injure or take, any wild bird shall be guilty of an offence against this Act;

(b) that any person who, within that area, wilfully takes or destroys an egg of any wild bird shall be guilty of an offence against this Act;

(c) that any person who, save as may be provided in the order, enters into (that area during any period specified in the order shall be guilty of an offence against this Act;

(d) that where any offence against this Act, or any such offence against this Act as may be specified in the order, is committed within that area, the offender shall be liable to a special penalty:

Provided that an authorised person shall not by virtue of any such order be guilty of an offence—

(i) by reason of the killing or taking of, or an attempt to

kill or take, a wild bird included in the Second Schedule to this Act, or by reason of the injuring of such a bird in the course of an attempt to loll it; or

(ii) by reason of the taking or destruction of an egg of such a bird; or

(Mi) by reason of the taking of an egg of a wild duck, wild goose or swan if it is shown that the egg was taken for the purpose of causing it to be hatched; or

70

Ch. 30

General

exceptions.

Protean of Birds Act, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(iv) by reason of the taking or destruction of an egg of a lapwing before the fifteenth day of April in any year;

and the making of an order under this section with respect to any area shall not affect the exercise by any person of any right vested in him, whether as owner, lessee or occupier of any land in that area or by virtue of a licence or agreement.

(2) Before making any order under this section the Secretary of State shall consult with any local authority within whose area the area with respect to which the order is to be made or any part thereof is situated and shall give particulars of the intended order either by notice in writing to every owner and every occupier of any land included in the area with respect to which the order is to be made or, where the giving of such notice is in his opinion impracticable, by advertisement in a newspaper circulating in the district in which that area is situated, and he shall not make the order unless either—

(a) all the owners and occupiers aforesaid have consented thereto; or

(b) at the expiration of a period of three months from the daite of the giving of the notice or the publication of the advertisement, none of those owners or occupiers has objected thereto.

(3) So much of any order made by the Secretary of State under the Wild Birds Protection Acts, 1880 to 1939, and in force immediately before the commencement of this Act as prohibits the taking or killing in any particular area of all wild birds or the taking or destruction in any particular area of the eggs of all wild birds shall be deemed to be an order duly made under this section, and subject to the provisions of this Act any person who contravenes that prohibition shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

4.—(1) Nothing in section one or in any order made under section three of this Act shall make unlawful—

(a) anything done in pursuance of a requirement by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries under section ninety-eight of the Agriculture Act, 1947, or by the Secretary of State under section thirty-nine of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948;

(b) except in the case of a wild bird included in the First Schedule to this Act or the nest or egg of such a bird, anything done by virtue of any power conferred on the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries by or under the Diseases of Animals Act, 1950;

1954

Protection of Birds Act, 1954

Ch. 30

71

(c) the taking of, or an attempt to take, any wild bird if

the bird is taken or to be taken solely for the purpose of ringing or marking, or examining any ring or mark on, that or some other bird and then releasing it;

() the killing, injuring or taking of, or an attempt to kill or take, any wild bird for the purposes of an experiment duly authorised under the Cruelty to Animals Act,

(2) Notwithstanding any of the provisions of section one or of any order made under section three of this Act, a person shall not be found guilty of an offence against this Act—

ia) by reason of the killing or injuring of, or an attempt to kill, a wild bird other than a bird included in the First Schedule to this Act if he satisfies the court before whom he is charged that his action was necessary for the purpose of preventing serious damage to crops, vegetables, fruit, growing timber or any other form of property or to fisheries;

(b) by reason of the taking of, or an attempt to take, any

wild bird if he satisfies the court before whom he is charged that the bird had been disabled otherwise than by his act and was taken or to be taken solely for the purpose of tending it and releasing it when no longer disabled;

(c) by reason of the killing of any wild bird if he satisfies

the court before whom he is charged that the bird had been so seriously disabled otherwise than by his act that there was no reasonable chance of its recovering;

() by reason of any act made unlawful by any of the provisions aforesaid if he satisfies the court before whom he is charged that the act was the incidental result of a lawful operation and could not reasonably have been avoided.

5.—(1) If, save as may be authorised by a licence granted Prohibition of

under section ten of this Act, any person— certain

methods or

(a) sets in position any of the following articles, being an killing or article which is of such a nature and is so placed as to J^dng wild be calculated to cause bodily injury to any wild bird birds* coming in oontact therewith, that is to say, any springe, trap, gin, snare, hook and line, poisoned or stupefying bait, or floating container holding explosives; or

(b) uses for the purpose of killing or taking any wild bird any such article as aforesaid, whether or not of such a

1876.

72

Ch. 30

Protean of Birds Act, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

nature and so placed as aforesaid, or any net, baited board, bird-lime or substance of a like nature to birdlime; or

(c) for the purpose of killing or taking any wild bird uses

as a decoy any live bird whatsoever which is tethered, or which is secured by means of braces or other similar appliances, or which is blind, maimed or injured; or

() uses for the purpose of killing any wild bird a shot-gun

of which the barrel has an internal diameter at the muzzle of more than one and three-quarter inches; or

(e) except in order to find a bird already killed or injured,

uses any form of artificial light for the purpose of killing or taking any wild bird other than a bird included in the Second Schedule to this Act,

he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act and be liable to a special penalty:

Provided that in any proceedings under paragraph (a) of this subsection it shall be a defence that the article was set in position by the accused for the purpose of killing or taking animals in the interests of public health, agriculture or the preservation of other creatures and that he took all reasonable precautions to prevent injury thereby to wild birds.

(2) The Secretary of State may by order prohibit or restrict the use of any form of decoy specified in the order within any area so specified for the purpose of killing or talcing wild geese, and any person who contravenes any such order shall be guilty of an offence against this Act and be liable to a special penalty.

(3) If any person uses any mechanically-propelled vehicle or boat or any aircraft in immediate pursuit of a wild bird for the purpose of driving, killing or taking that bird, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act and be liable to a special penalty:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall make unlawful the use (in Scotland only) of a mechanically-propelled boat for the purpose of killing or taking rock-doves.

(4) Nothing in subsection (1) of this section shall make unlawful—

(a) the use of a cage-trap or net by an authorised person for

the purpose of taking a wild bird included in the Second Schedule to this Act;

(b) the use of nets for the purpose of taking wild duck in

a duck decoy which is shown to have been in use immediately before the passing of this Act;

(c) the use of a cage-trap or net for the purpose of taking

a wild bird if it is shown that the taking of the bird is

1954

Protection of Birds Act, 1954

Ch. 30

73

solely for the purpose of ringing or marking, or examining any ring or mark on, that or some other bird and then releasing it or for the purpose of an experiment duly authorised under the Cruelty to Animals Act, 1876:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall make lawful the use of a rocket-propelled net.

6—(1) If, save as may be authorised by a licence granted Restrictions on under section ten of this Act, any person sells, offers for sale8®*8 5^° u or has in his possession for sale—

(a) any live wild bird, being a bird included in the Fourth etc.

Schedule to this Act of a species which is resident in or visits the British Isles in a wild state, other than a close-ringed specimen bred in captivity;

(b) an egg (including a blown egg) of a wild bird of any

species, if any bird of that species has nested in the British Isles in a wild state;

(c) during the period in any year commencing with the

twenty-eighth day of February and ending with the thirty-first day of August, any dead wild bird, being a bird included in the Third Schedule to this Act or a wild duck or wild goose, whether or not so included;

() a dead wild bird other than such a bird as is mentioned

in paragraph (c) of this subsection, unless it is shown that the bird was killed otherwise than in contravention of this Act or any order made thereunder, or was lawfully imported;

(e) the skin or plumage of a wild bird other than such a bird as is mentioned in paragraph (c) of this subsection, unless it is shown that the skin or plumage came from a bird which was killed otherwise than in contravention of this Act or any order made thereunder, or that the skin or plumage was lawfully imported,

he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act and, if the offence was committed in respect of a bird included in the First Schedule to this Act or in respect of the egg, skin or plumage of such a bird, shall be liable to a special penalty:

Provided that a person shall not be guilty of an offence by virtue of paragraph (b) of this subsection if the egg is shown to have been sold, offered for sale or in his possession for sale—

(i) in the case of an egg of a black-headed gull, greater black-backed gull, lesser black-backed gull, herring gull or common gull, for the purpose of human consumption or for use as food for poultry, ornamental ducks, ornamental geese or swans;

c*

L*

74

Ch. 30

Protection

Restrictions on importation of certain wild birds and eggs.

of

irds Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(ii) in the case of an egg Of a wild duck, wild goose or swan, for the purpose of causing the egg to be hatched; (Mi) in the case of an egg of a lapwing, at any time before die fifteenth day of April in any year.

In this subsection any reference to sale shall be construed as including references to barter and exchange.

(2) If a justice of the peace is satisfied by information on oath that there is reasonable ground to suspect that an offence has been committed under this section and that evidence thereof may be found on any premises, he may grant a warrant to any constable to enter upon and search those premises for the purpose of obtaining that evidence.

In the application of this subsection to Scotland, the reference to a justice of the peace includes a reference to the sheriff.

7.—(1) Save as may be authorised by a licence granted under section ten of this Act, the importation of any of the following is hereby prohibited, that is to say—

(a) any common quail, whether live or dead;

(b) during the period in any year commencing with the first day of February and ending with the thirty-first day of August, any dead wild bird, being a bird included in the Third Schedule to this Act or a wild duck or wild goose, whether or not so included;

(c) any dead lapwing or, on or after the fifteenth day of April in any year, the eggs of any lapwing.

(2) The Secretary of State may by order—

(a) extend the period referred to in paragraph (b) of the

foregoing subsection with respect to, or prohibit entirely, save as may be authorised by such a licence as aforesaid, the importation of, all or any of the birds to which that paragraph applies;

(b) prohibit, save as may be authorised by such a licence as

aforesaid, the importation of all or any other dead wild birds, or of all or any other live wild birds, or of the eggs (including the blown eggs) of any other wild bird, for the whole or any specified part of the year.

(3) Where by virtue of this section or any order made thereunder any live bird has been seized as liable to forfeiture under the Customs and Excise Act, 1952, the Seventh Schedule to that Act (which relates to proceedings for forfeiture) shall not apply, but, if the Commissioners of Customs and Excise are satisfied that the bird has been imported in contravention of this section or of any order made thereunder, the bird shall be deemed to have been duly condemned as forfeited and no claim for compensation shall lie against the said Commissioners or any officer of customs and excise in respect thereof.

1954

Protection of Birds Act, 1954

Ch. 30

75

8L—(1) If any person keeps or confines any bird whatsoever Protection of in any cage or other receptacle which is not sufficient in height, captive birds, length and breadth to permit the bird to stretch its wings freely, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act and be liable to a special penalty:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to poultry, or to the keeping or confining of any bird—

(a) while that bird is in the course of conveyance, whether

by land, air or water; or

(b) while that bird is being shown for the purposes of any public exhibition or competition if the time during which the bird is kept or confined for those purposes does not in the aggregate exceed seventy-two hours; or

(c) while that bird is undergoing treatment by a veterinary

surgeon or veterinary practitioner.

(2) Every person who promotes, arranges, conducts, assists in, receives money for, or takes part in, any event whatsoever at or in the course of which captive birds are liberated by hand or by any other means whatsoever for the purpose of being shot immediately after their liberation, or who, being the owner or occupier of any land, permits that land to be used for the purposes of such an event, shall be guilty of an offence against this Act and be liable to a special penalty.

9.—(1) The Secretary of State may by order made either Power to vary generally or with respect to any specified part of Great Britain Act by order, add any wild bird to, or remove any wild bird from, any of the Fust, Second, Third or Fourth Schedules to this Act or either of the Parts of the said First Schedule.

(2) Any order made under this section adding any wild bird to Part II of the First Schedule or to the Third Schedule to this Act may prescribe a close season in the case of that bird for the purposes of subsection (2) of section two of this Act:

Provided that any close season so prescribed shall commence on a date not later than the twenty-first day of February and end on a date not earlier than the thirty-first day of August.

(3) In the application of this Act to any area, any reference in this Act to birds included in any of the said Schedules or Parts of a Schedule shall be construed as a reference to birds for the time being included in that Schedule or Part of a Schedule as amended with respect to that area by any order made under this section.

(4) The Secretary of State may by order declare that as from such date as may be specified in die order the following provisions of this Act shall cease to have effect, that is to say—

(a) paragraph (c) of subsection (4) of section two;

C* 2

76

Ch. 30

Protection of Birds Act, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(6) paragraph (iv) of the proviso to subsection (1) of section three;

(c) para^aph <iii) of the proviso to subsection (1) of section

six; and

() in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section seven, the

words " on or after the fifteenth day of April in any year

Power to grant 10.—(1) A licence may be granted to any person by the

licences. appropriate authority specified in the next following subsection authorising that person, notwithstanding anything in, or in any order made under, the foregoing provisions of this Act and notwithstanding anything in section eight of the Protection of Animals Act, 1911, or section seven of the Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912 (which relate to the placing on land of poisonous matter), but subject to compliance with any conditions specified in the licence—

(a) for scientific or educational purposes, to kill or take within any area specified in the licence by any means so specified, or to sell or import alive or dead, any number so specified of wild birds of any description so specified or of the nests or eggs (including blown eggs) of such wild birds;

(b) for the purposes of falconry, to take by any means specified in the licence, or to sell or import alive, any number so specified of birds of prey of any description so specified;

(c) for the purposes of the protection of any collection of birds maintained at any place by any person, or for the purposes of transfers between such collections, to kill or take at that place by any means specified in the licence wild birds of any description so specified;

(d) for the purposes of killing or taking such wild birds included in the Second Schedule to this Act as may be specified in the licence, to use poisoned or stupefying bait of any description so specified;

(e) for the purpose of taking wild birds in order to ring

or mark, or examine any ring or mark on, all or any of the birds taken and then release them, to use within any area specified in the licence any form of artificial light or a rocket-propelled net

(2) The appropriate authority for the grant of a licence under the foregoing subsection shall be—

(a) in the case of a licence under paragraph (a), ( or (e) of that subsection, the Secretary of State after consultation with (the appropriate advisory committee;

1954

Protection of Birds , 1954

Ch. 30

77

(b) in the case of a licence under paragraph (a) or (e) of

that subsection which is required for the purposes of scientific or educational work carried out by, or on behalf of, or with the aid of grants from, the Nature Conservancy, the Nature Conservancy;

(c) in the case of a licence under paragraph (c) of that sub-

section, the Secretary of State; id) in the case of a licence under paragraph () of that subsection, the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries or, in Scotland, the Secretary of State.

(3) A licence granted under this section may be revoked at any time by the authority by whom it was granted; and, without prejudice to any other liability to a penalty which he may have incurred under this or any other Act, any person who contravenes or fails to comply with any condition imposed on the grant of a licence under this section shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

(4) The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and the Secretary of State shall from time to time consult the appropriate advisory committee with respect to the exercise of the powers conferred on them by this section to grant and revoke licences under paragraph () of subsection (1) thereof; and those powers shall for the purposes of section seventy-two of the Agriculture Act, 1947, or, as the case may be, section sixty-nine of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948 (which relate to the delegation of functions to Agricultural Executive Committees) be deemed to be functions relating to agriculture.

(5) For the purposes of the application of this section to Northern Ireland with respect to importation—

i(a) for the reference in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) thereof to the Secretary of State there shall be substituted a reference to the Minister of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland;

(b) the expression " appropriate advisory committee " means the Wild Birds Advisory Committee for Northern Ireland established under section eleven of the Wild Birds Protection Act (Northern Ireland), 1931.

11.—(1) There shall be established an Advisory Committee on Advisory the Protection of Birds for England and Wales and an Advisory Committees Committee on the Protection of Birds for Scotland, consisting 0(1 Birds-in each case of such members as the Secretary of State may from time to time appoint.

(2) It shall be the duty of each of the said Committees to advise the Secretary of State upon any question which he may refer to that Committee in connection with the administration of this Act or otherwise in connection with the protection of birds.

78

Ch. 30

Protection of Birds Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Enforcement, 12.—(1) A constable may without warrant stop and search

penalties, etc. any person found committing an offence against this Act and any vehicle, boat or animal which that person may then be using, and may—

(a) arrest that person if he fails to give his name and

address to the constable’s satisfaction; and

(b) seize and detain for the purposes of proceedings under

this Act any wild bird, whether alive or dead, or any egg or nest of a wild bird, or any weapon or other article capable of being used to kill or take wild birds, which may be in that person’s possession.

(2) Any person guilty of an offence against this Act—

(a) in a case where this Act or any order made thereunder

provides that he shall be liable to a special penalty, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds, or to a term of imprisonment not exceeding, for a first offence against this Act. one month or, for a second or subsequent offence against this Act, three months, or to both such a fine and such imprisonment;

(b) in any other case shall be liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding five pounds:

Provided that where the offence was committed in respect of more than one bird, nest, egg, skin or other article, the maximum fine which may be imposed under this subsection shall be determined as if the person convicted had been convicted of a separate offence in respect of each bird, nest, egg, skin or article.

(3) The court before whom any person is convicted of an offence against this Act shall order the forfeiture of any bird, nest, egg or skin in respect of which the offence was committed and may, if they think fit, order the forfeiture of any weapon, decoy bird or other article in respect of or by means of which the offence was committed.

(4) In England or Wales, the council of a county or county borough shall have power to institute proceedings for any offence against this Act committed within the area of that county or county borough, and where an order has been made under section three of this Act, any local authority shall have power to institute proceedings for an offence under that order committed within the area of that authority.

(5) Where any offence against this Act is committed at some place on the water or in the air outside the area of any commission of the peace, the place of the commission of the offence shall, for the purposes of the jurisdiction of any court, be deemed to be any place where the offender is'found or to which he is first brought after the commission of the offence.

1954

Protection of Birds Act, 1954 Ch. 30

79

IX—(1) Any order made under this Act shall be made by Orders, statutory instrument and may be varied or revoked by a subse- notices, quent order made in the like manner. etc*

(2) Before making any order under this Act, the Secretary of State-

la) shall consult the appropriate advisory committee;

(b) shall, by such means as he may think appropriate, give

to the council of any administrative area or other person affected an opportunity to submit objections or representations with respect to the subject matter of the order;

(c) may, if he thinks fit, cause a public inquiry to be held.

(3) Notice of the making of any order under this Act shall be published by the Secretary of State, if the order relates in whole or in part to England or Wales, in the London Gazette and, if the order relates in whole or in part to Scotland, in the Edinburgh Gazette and, in the case of an order under section seven of this Act, in the Belfast Gazette.

(4) The Secretary of State shall give consideration to any proposals for the making by him of an order under this Act with respect to any administrative area which may be submitted to him by the council of that area.

(5) Where any order has been made under this Act with respect to any administrative area, the council of that area shall take such steps, if any, as may appear to diem expedient or as the Secretary of State may direct to bring the effect of the order to the notice of the public within that area.

14.—(1) In this Act, the following expressions have the interpretation, following meanings respectively—

" administrative area " means a county or county borough or, in Scotland, a county or large burgh;

"appropriate advisory committee" means, in relation to any matter wholly or partly affecting England or Wales, the Advisory Committee on the Protection of Birds for England and Wales established under section eleven of this Act and, in relation to any matter wholly or pardy affecting Scotland, the Advisory Committee on the Protection of Birds for Scotland established as aforesaid;

" authorised person " means—

(a) the owner or occupier, or any person shown to have been authorised by the owner or occupier, of any land on which the action authorised is taken;

80

Ch. 30

Protection of Birds Act, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Amendments, repeals, etc.

(b) any person authorised in writing by the local authority for the area within which the action authorised is taken;

(c) any person authorised in writing by any of the following bodies, that is to say, the Nature Conservancy, a river board constituted under the River Boards Act, 1948, a local fisheries committee constituted under the Sea Fisheries Regulation Act, 1888, the Conservators of the River Thames, the Lee Conservancy Catchment Board, any statutory water undertakers within the meaning of the Water Act, 1945, any local water authority within the meaning of the Water (Scotland) Act, 1946, the Commissioners appointed under the Tweed Fisheries Act, 1857, and the district board for a fishery district within the meaning of the Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1862;

so, however, that the authorisation of any person for the purposes of this definition shall not confer any right of entry upon any land;

"importation" and cognate expressions have the same meanings as for the purposes of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952;

" local authority " means the council of a county, county borough, metropolitan borough, non-county borough, urban district or rural district, the Common Council of the City of London and, in Scotland, a county council and a town council;

" occupier ", in relation to any land other than the foreshore, includes any person having any right of hunting, shooting, fishing or taking game or fish;

"poultry" means domestic fowls, ducks, geese, guinea-fowls, pigeons and turkeys;

" wild bird " in sections five, ten and twelve of tins Act means any wild bird, but in any other provision of this Act does not include pheasant, partridge, grouse (or moor game), black (or heath) game, or, in Scotland, ptarmigan.

(2) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

15.—(1) The enactments specified in the Fifth Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments respectively spedfied in that Schedule.

1954

Protection of Birds , 1954

Ch. 30

(2) The enactments specified in the Sixth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent respectively specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) Save as provided in the foregoing provisions of this section, nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect the provisions of any other enactment (including any enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) relating to birds.

16.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Protection of Birds Short title,

Act, 1954. extent

and com*

(2) This Act shall apply to the Isles of Scilly as if the Isles mencement. were a county and as if the council of the Isles were a county

council.

(3) The following provisions of this Act, that is to say, sections one to six, eight and eleven, and subsections (2), (4) and (5) of section thirteen, shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(4) This Act shall come into force on the first day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Sections 1,4, 6.9.

Wild birds and their boos protected by special penalties

Part I

At all times

Avocet

Bee-eater (all species)

Bittern (all species)

Bunting, snow Bustard

Buzzard, honey

Hiongh

Corncrake (landrail)

Crossbill, common (in England and Wales only)

Diver, black-throated Diver, great northern Diver, red-throated Dotterel

Eagle (all species)

Goshawk

Grebe, black-necked

Grebe, Slavonian

Gieenshank

Hen-harrier

Hobby

Hoopoe

Rite

Marsh-harrier

Merlin

Montagu’s harrier Oriole, golden Osprey Peregrine

Phalarope, red-necked Plover, Kentish Plover, little ringed Quail, common Redstart, black Roller

Ruff and reeve Spoonbill Stilt, black-winged Stint, Temminck's Stone curlew Swan, whooper Swan, Bewick’s Tern, black Tern, roseate Tit, bearded Tit, crested Warbler, Dartford Warbler, marsh Wren, St. Kilda Wryneck

82

Ch. 30

Protection of Birds Act, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

—cont.

Sections 2, 3, 5, 9,10.

Sections 2, 6, 7,9.

Part II During the close season Brambling God wit, black-tailed Whimbrel

Wild duck of the following species— Common scoter Garganey teal Goldeneye Long-tailed duck Scaup-duck Velvet scoter

Wild geese of the following species Grey lag goose

SECOND SCHEDULE Wild birds which may be killed or taken at any time

BY AUTHORISED PERSONS

Cormorant

Crow, carrion

Crow, hooded

Domestic pigeon gone feral

Goosander (in Scotland only)

Gull, greater black-backed

Gull, lesser black-backed

Gull, herring

Jackdaw

Jay

Magpie

Red-breasted merganser (in Scotland only)

Rock-dove (in Scotland only)

Rook

Shag

Sparrow, house

Sparrow-hawk

Starling

Stock-dove

Wood-pigeon

THIRD SCHEDULE Wild birds which may bb killed or taken outside

THE CLOSE SBASON

Any wild bird included in Part II of the First Schedule to this Act.

Capercaillie

Coot

Curlew (other than stone curlew)

God wit, bar-tailed Moorhen Plover, golden Plover, grey Redshank, common Snipe, common Snipe, jack

1954

Protection of Birds , 1954

Ch. 30

83

Wild duck of the following species— Common pochard Gadwall Mallard Pintail Shoveller Teal

Tufted duck Wigeon

Wild geese of the following species— Bean-goose Canada goose Pink-footed goose White-fronted goose

Woodcock

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Wild birds which may not be sold alive unless close-ringed

AND BRED IN CAPTIVITY

Blackbird Blackcap Bhte throat Brambling Bullfinch

Bunting (all species)

Chaffinch

Chiffchaff

Chough

Crossbill (all species)

Cuckoo

Dipper

Fieldfare

Firecrest

Flycatcher (all species)

Goldcrest

Goldfinch

Greenfinch

Hawfinch

Hoopoe

Jay

Kingfisher Lark (all species)

Linnet

Magpie

Martin (all species)

Nightingale Nightjar Nuthatch Oriole, golden

Owl (all species except the little owl)

Pipit (all species)

Raven

Redpoll (all species)

Redstart (all species)

Redwing Ring ouzel Robin

Shrike (all species)

Siskin

Sparrow, hedge Sparrow, house Sparrow, tree Starling Stonechat Swallow

Thrush (all species)

Tit (all species, including bearded tit)

Treecreeper

Twite

Wagtail (all species)

Warbler (all species)

Waxwing

Wheatear

Whinchat

Whitethroat (all species) Woodpecker (all species)

Wren

Wryneck

YeUowhammer

3rd Sch.

—cont.

Sections 6,9.

84

Ch. 30

Protection of Act, 1954 2 & 3 . 2

Section IS.

Section IS.

FIFTH SCHEDULE Amendments in other enactments

1. In the Agriculture Act, 1947, in subsection (4) of section ninety-eight—

(a) for the words " specified in the Schedule to the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880 " there shall be substituted the words " included in the First Schedule to the Protection of Birds Act, 1954";

(b) the words " or of any subsequent enactment " shall be omitted.

2. In the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, in subsection (3) of section thirty-nine, for the words from " the killing " to " those Acts " there shall be substituted the words " included in the First Schedule to the Protection of Birds Act, 1954, as it applies in that area, whether by virtue of the terms thereof or by virtue of an order of the Secretary of State

SIXTH SCHEDULE Repeals

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

13 Geo. 3. c. 54 The Game (Scotland) Act, 1772. In section three the words " or quails ".

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 32. The Game Act, 1831 In section two, the words " and bustards in section five the words " quail or landrail in section thirty the words"quails, landrails in section thirty-one the words " quails, landrails in section thirty-two the words " quails, landrails".

2 & 3 Will. 4. The Game (Scotland) Act, In section one, the words

c. 68. 1832. "quails, landrails" in both places where they occur; in section two the words "quails, landrails ".

23 & 24 Vict. The Game Licences Act, In section two, the words

c. 90. 1860. • " quail or landrail " in both places where they occur; in section four the words " quail or landrail "; in section five, in paragraph 3 of the exemptions, the words " quail, landrail " in both places where they occur.

43 & 44 Vict, c. 35. The Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880. The whole Act.

44 & 45 Vict, c. 51. The Wild Birds Protection Act, 1881. The whole Act.

1954

Protection of Birds; 1954

Ch. 30

85

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

48 & 49 Vict. The Secretary for Scotland c. 61. Act, 1885.

In the First Schedule, the entry relating to wild birds pro-

tection.

51 & 52 Vict. The Local Government c. 41. Act, 1888.

51 & 52 Vict, a 55.

52 & 53 Vict, c. 50.

57 & 58 Vict.

c. 24.

59 & 60 Vict

The Sand-Grouse Protection Act, 1888.

The Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889.

The Wild Birds Protection Act, 1894.

The Wild Birds Protection

In paragraph (xiii) of section three, the words " to wild birds".

The whole Act.

In section eleven, in paragraph (i) of subsection (5), the words " and to wild birds *.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

c. 56.

2 Edw. 7. c. 6.

4 Edw. 7. c. 4.

4 Edw. 7. c. 10.

8 Edw. 7.C.11.

8 Edw. 7. c. 62.

11 A 12 Geo. 5. c. 13.

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 50.

Act, 1896.

The Wild Birds Protection Act 1902.

The Wild Birds Protection Act, 1904.

The Wild Birds Protection (St. Kilda) Act, 1904. The Wild Birds Protection Act 1908.

The Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1908. The Captive Birds Shooting (Prohibition) Act

1921.

The Expiring Laws Act,

1922.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 31.

18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 2.

23 A 24 Geo. 5. c. 52.

1 A 2 Geo. 6. c. 5.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 19.

10 A11 Geo. 6. c. 43.

15 A16 Geo.6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

The Protection of Birds Act 1925.

The Protection of Lapwings Act, 1928.

The Protection of Birds Act 1933.

The Quail Protection Act, 1937.

The Wild Birds (Duck and Geese) Protection Act, 1939.

The Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947.

The Customs and Excise Act, 1952.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

Subsection (1) of section twenty-eight.

The whole Act.

In the First Schedule, the provision relating to the Sand-Grouse Protection Act 1888. The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

Section three hundred and sixteen.

Paragraph 22 of Part II of the Tenth Schedule.

6th Sch

—com.

van

86

Ch. 30,3\

Protean of Birds Act, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Foes and expenses of witnesses and doctors to be regulated by rules of Secretary of State.

50 & 51 Vict, c. 71.

16 & 17 Geo. 5 c. 59.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Tweed Fisheries Act, 1857

Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1862 Cruelty to Animals Act, 1876 Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880 ...

Sea Fisheries Regulation Act, 1888 Protection of Animals Act, 1911 Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, IS

Water Act, 1945

Water (Scotland) Act, 1946 Agriculture Act, 1947 River Boards Act, 1948 ...

Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948 Diseases of Animals Act, 1950 Customs and Excise Act, 1952

20 & 21 Vict. c. cxlviii. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 97.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 77.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 35.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 54.

1 A 2 Geo. 5. c. 27.

2 & 3 Geo. 5. c. 14.

8 A 9 Geo. 6. c. 42.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 42.

10 A 11 Geo. 6.C.48.

11 A 12 Geo. 6.C.32.

11 A 12 Geo. 6.C.45.

14 Geo. 6. c. 36.

15 A 16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

CHAPTER 31

An Act to amend the law as to the fees and allowances payable by coroners to witnesses, to persons summoned to attend as witnesses and to medical practitioners making post mortem examinations by the coroner’s direction or at the coroner’s request.

[4th June, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The fees and allowances which may be lawfully paid by coroners—

(a) to witnesses and persons summoned to attend as witnesses; and

(b) to medical practitioners making post mortem examinations by the coroner’s direction or at the coroner’s request,

shall, instead of being such as are or may be prescribed by or under section twenty-five of the Coroners Act, 1887, or section twenty-three or paragraph (6) of subsection (2) of section twenty-nine of the Coroners (Amendment) Act, 1926, be such as may be prescribed by rules to be made under this subsection (by statutory instrument) by the Secretary of State:

Provided that the preceding provisions of this subsection shall not affect the fees payable in respect of any such special examination of parts or contents of the body or other substances or things

1954

Coroners A, 1954

Ch. 31

87

as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section twenty-two of the Coroners (Amendment) Act, 1926, and accordingly the fees in respect of any such special examination made at the request of the coroner under that section shall be such as may be prescribed by the Schedule made by the local authority under the said section twenty-five or by the rules, if any, made by the Secretary of State under paragraph of subsection (2) of the said section twenty-nine.

(2) The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) This Act shall come into force on such day as the Secretary of State may by order (which shall be a statutory instrument) appoint and nothing in this Act shall affect any fees or allowances paid before that day.

(4) Any increase attributable to the passing of this Act in

the sums which under Part I of the Local Government Act, 1948,11 & 12 Geo. 6. or under the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland)c- 26.

Act, 1954, are payable out of moneys provided by Parliament2 j33 EliZ* 2* shall be defrayed out of moneys so provided. c*

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Coroners Act, 1954, short title, and shall be construed as one with the Coroners Acts, 1887 to citation,

1926, and those Acts and this Act may be cited together as the construction. Coroners Acts, 1887 to 1954. and ex,ent-

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed section 1.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

50 & 51 Vict, c. 71. The Coroners Act, 1887. In section twenty-five the words " (other than the fees payable to medical witnesses in pursuance of this Act)'*.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. The Coroners (Amend- Subsection (3) of section twenty-

c. 59. ment) Act, 1926. 1 two. Section twenty-three. In paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section twenty-nine, the words " (other than such fees payable to medical witnesses as are prescribed by section twenty-three of this Act) i

Sfc Ch. 32 Atorf^c Energy Authority 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

c/, 1954

CHAPTER 32

Atomic Energy Authority Act, 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. The United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority.

2. Functions of the Authority.

3. Power and duties of the Lord President of the Council in relation to

the Authority.

4. Financial provisions as to the Authority.

5. Powers as to purchase of land, carrying out works, etc.

6. Miscellaneous provisions as to the Authority.

7. Machinery for settling terms and conditions of employment of staff, etc.

8. Interpretation.

9. Application to Northern Ireland.

10. Short title and citation.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Provisions as to the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority.

Second Schedule—Transfer of Property Rights and Liabilities from the Lord President of the Council to the Authority.

Third Schedule—Adaptations and Modifications of Enactments.

An Act to provide for the setting up of an Atomic Energy Authority for the United Kingdom, to make provision as to their powers, duties, rights and liabilities, to amend, consequentially on the establishment of and otherwise in connection with that Authority, the Atomic Energy Act, 1946, the Radioactive Substances Act, 1948, and certain other enactments, and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[4th June, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

The United 1.—(1) There shall be an Authority, to be called the United

Kingdom Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority (hereafter in this Act referred

Atomic to as * the Authority "), who shall, as from the appointed day.

Authority. exercise and perform the functions assigned to them by this Act.

(2) The Authority shall consist of a chairman and not less than seven nor more than ten other members.

(3) All the members of the Authority shall be appointed by the Lord President of the Council and of those members—

(a) three shall be appointed from amongst persons appearing to the Lord President of the Council to be persons who have had wide experience of, and shown capacity in dealing with, problems associated with atomic energy; and

le

1954

Atomic Energy Authority

Act, 1954

Ch. 32

89

(b) one shall be appointed from amongst persons appearing to the Lord President of the Council to have had wide experience of, and shown capacity in, administration and finance; and

(c) one shall be appointed from amongst persons appearing to the Lord President of the Council to have had wide experience of, and shown capacity in, the organisation of workers.

(4) Every member of the Authority shall hold and vacate his office in accordance with the terms of his appointment, and shall, on ceasing to be a member, be eligible for re-appointment; but any member may at any time by notice in writing to the Lord President of the Council resign his office.

(5) A person shall be disqualified for being appointed or being a member of the Authority so long as he is a member of the Commons House of Parliament.

(6) The Authority—

(a) shall pay to each of their members, in respect of his office as such, such remuneration (whether by way of salary or fees) and such allowances as the Lord President of the Council may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine in the case of those members respectively; and (b)in the case of such members as the Lord President of the Council may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine, shall pay such pensions or make such payments towards the provision of pensions to or in respect of those members as he may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine in the case of those members respectively.

(7) If any member of the Authority, other than the chairman thereof, is employed about the affairs of the Authority otherwise than as a member thereof, the Authority shall pay to that member such remuneration, if any, (in addition to any remuneration to which he may be entitled in respect of his office as a member) as the Lord President of the Council may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

(8) The Lord President of the Council shall, as soon as possible alter the passing of this Act, lay before each House of Parliament a statement of the remuneration and allowances that are or will be payable to the members of the Authority under this section; and, if any subsequent determination by him under this section involves any departure from the terms of the said statement or if a determination by him under this section relates to the payment of, or to payments towards the provision of, a pension to or in respect of any member of the Authority, the Lord President of the Council shall, as soon as possible after the determination, lay a statement thereof before each House of Parliament.

90

Ch. 32

2 & 3 B. 2

Functions of the Authority.

AtO^c Energy Authority

Act, 1954

(9) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act (which relate to the procedure of and other similar matters concerning the Authority) shall have effect with respect to the Authority.

2.—(1) On the appointed day, the Authority shall take over from die Lord President of the Council the carrying on of the activities then being carried on by him under subsection (1) of section two of the Atomic Energy Act, 1946, and subsection (1) of section one of the Radioactive Substances Act, 1948, and the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the property, rights and liabilities held or enjoyed by, or incumbent on, the Lord President of the Council for the purposes of or in connection with those activities.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Authority shall, as from the appointed day, have power (whether within the United Kingdom or elsewhere)—

(a) to produce, use and dispose of atomic energy and carry

out research into any matters connected therewith;

(b) to manufacture or otherwise produce, buy or otherwise

acquire, store and transport any articles which in the opinion of the Authority are, or are likely to be, required for or in connection with the production or use of atomic energy or such research as aforesaid, and to dispose of any articles manufactured, produced, bought or acquired by them;

(c) to manufacture or otherwise produce, buy or otherwise

acquire, treat, store, transport and dispose of any radioactive substances;

() to do all such things (including the erection of buildings,

and the execution of works and the searching for and working of minerals) as appear to the Authority necessary or expedient for the exercise of the foregoing powers;

(e) to make arrangements with universities and other institu-

tions or persons for the conduct of research into matters connected with atomic energy or radioactive substances and, with the approval of the Lord President of the Council and the Treasury, to make grants or loans to universities and other institutions or persons engaged in the production or use of atomic energy or radioactive substances or in research into matters connected with atomic energy or radioactive substances;

(0 to distribute information relating to, and educate and train persons in matters connected with, atomic energy or radioactive substances:

Provided that—

(i) the Authority shall not, save in accordance with arrangements made with the Minister of Supply, develop or

1954

Atomic Energy Authority

Act, 1954

Ch. 32

91

produce any weapon or part of a weapon, except that nothing in this proviso shall limit the power of the Authority to conduct experimental work which may lead to improved types of explosive nuclear assemblies for atomic weapons;

(ii) the Authority shall not search for minerals in the United Kingdom otherwise than under the authority of the Lord President of the Council and shall not work minerals in the United Kingdom otherwise than in the exercise of rights vested in them under section seven of the Atomic Energy Act, 1946, as amended by this Act.

(3) As from the appointed day, subsection (1) of section two of the Atomic Energy Act, 1946, section three of that Act and section one of the Radioactive Substances Act, 1948, are hereby repealed:

Provided that, notwithstanding the repeal by this section of subsection (1) of section two of the Atomic Energy Act, 1946, the Lord President of the Council shall have power—

(a) to exercise any rights vested in him under section seven

of that Act; and

(b) to store, transport and dispose of any articles acquired

by him in the exercise of those rights or in or by reason of any exercise of the powers conferred on him by sections six, eight and nine of that Act; and

(c) to do all such things (including the erection of buildings and the execution of works) as appear to him to be necessary or expedient for the exercise of the powers reserved to him by the preceding provisions of this proviso.

3.—(1) The general duty of the Lord President of the Council Power and under section one of the Atomic Energy Act, 1946, to promote duties of the and control the development of atomic energy shall include, in particular, the duty of securing that, in the conduct of the affairs to

of the Authority, the proper degrees of importance are attached the Authority, to the various applications of atomic energy.

(2) The Lord President of the Council shall have power to give the Authority such directions as he may think fit and the Authority shall comply with any directions so given.

(3) The said directions may be general or particular in character, but no such direction shall be given except after consultation with the Authority, and the Lord President of the Council shall not regard it as his duty to intervene in detail in the conduct by the Authority of their affairs unless in his opinion overriding national interests so require.

(4) The Authority shall furnish the Lord President of the Council with such returns, accounts and other information with

le

92

Ch. 32,

Atomic Energy Authority

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

respect to their property and activities as he may from time to time require and shall prepare programmes and estimates of expenditure in such form and at such times as he may require.

(5) The Authority shall as soon as possible after the end of each financial year make to the Lord President of the Council a report on the exercise and performance by the Authority of their functions during that year, indicating what parts thereof ought in their opinion to be withheld from publication in the interests of national security, and the Lord President of the Council shall lay a copy of the report, with the omission of such parts thereof as ought in his opinion to be withheld from publication in the interests of national security, before each House of Parliament, together with such comments as he may think fit to make.

Financial provisions as to the Authority.

4.-—(1) The Lord President of the Council may, out of moneys provided by Parliament, pay to the Authority such sums in respect of the expenses of the Authority as he may, with the consent of the Treasury, determine.

(2) Any revenues of the Authority for any financial year, whether from Government departments or other persons and whether in respect of articles or property sold or services rendered or otherwise, shall be applied by the Authority in such manner as the Lord President of the Council may, with the approval of the Treasury, direct, and any such direction may require the whole or any part of those revenues to be paid into the Exchequer.

(3) The Authority shall keep proper accounts and other records and shall prepare in respect of each financial year statements of account in such form as the Treasury may direct, and those statements shall, on or before the thirtieth day of November next following the expiration of the financial year in question, be transmitted to the Comptroller and Auditor General, who shall examine and certify the statements and lay copies thereof, together with his report thereon, before each House of Parliament.

Powers as to 5.—(1) The Lord President of the Council may authorise the

purchase of Authority to purchase compulsorily any land required for the om vvwSSTete. exerc^se and performance of their functions, and the Acquisition ' of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, and the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947, shall apply as if the Authority were a local authority within the meaning of those Acts and as if this Act had been in force immediately before the commencement thereof:

Provided that the Authority may be authorised under this subsection to purchase compulsorily a right to place any pipe across land, whether above or below ground, and to use, repair and maintain that pipe, without purchasing any other interest

1954

Atomic Energy Authority

Act, 1954

Ch. 32

93

in the land, and, in relation to the compulsory purchase of any such right, the said Acts and the enactments incorporated therewith shall have effect as if references (whatever the terms used) to the land comprised in the compulsory purchase order were construed, where the context so requires, as references to the land across which the pipe is to be placed, and references to the obtaining or taking possession of the first-mentioned land were construed as references to the exercise of the right.

(2) The Authority may, if it appears to them necessary or expedient for the due exercise and performance of their functions, place any pipe in any highway and repair and maintain any pipe so placed, and for those purposes open and break up the highway.

(3) It shall be the duty of the Authority to secure that no ionising radiations from anything on any premises occupied by them, or from any waste discharged (in whatever form) on or from any premises occupied by them, cause any hurt to any person or any damage to any property, whether he or it is on any such premises or elsewhere.

(4) The following provisions shall, for the period of seven years beginning with the day of the passing of this Act, have effect as respects waste discharged (in whatever form) on or from any premises occupied by the Authority—

(a) no radioactive waste shall be discharged otherwise than in accordance with authorisations to be given by the Minister of Housing and Local Government and the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, after consultation, in each case, with such local authorities, river boards, local fisheries committees or other public or local authorities as appear to the Minister in question to be proper to be consulted by him;

(b) the said authorisations may be given subject to compliance with such conditions and requirements as the Minister in question thinks fit;

(c) any person authorised in that behalf by either of the said

Ministers may enter and inspect such parts of any premises occupied by the Authority and take or cause to be taken such samples of waste which is being discharged or awaiting discharge thereon or therefrom as may appear necessary for ascertaining whether any breach of any such condition or requirement is or is likely to be committed;

() for the purposes of any statutory provision conferring or imposing powers or duties on any local authority, river board, local fisheries committee or other public or local authority (and, in particular, for the purposes of the Public Health Acts, 1936 and 1937, the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) Act, 1951, the Salmon and

94

Ch .32

2 & 3 Buz. 2

At^cEnergy Authority

Act, 1954

Fresh Water Fisheries Act, 1923, the Sea Fisheries Regulation Act, 1888, and any corresponding enactment in force in Scotland) all waste discharged on or from any premises occupied by the Authority shall be conclusively presumed not to be radioactive to any significant extent:

Provided that Her Majesty may by Order in Council (which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament) abridge or from time to time extend the said period of seven years, and the preceding provisions of this subsection shall have effect accordingly.

For the avoidance of doubt, it is hereby declared that the restrictions imposed by this subsection on the Authority are in addition to and not in derogation of their duty under the last preceding subsection, and that the presumption required to be made by paragraph () of this subsection operates only for the particular purposes mentioned in that paragraph.

In the application of this subsection to Scotland, references to the Secretary of State shall be substituted for references to the Minister of Housing and Local Government and the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries.

(5) Section seventy-one of the Public Health Act, 1936, (which exempts from building byelaws buildings of statutory undertakers other than houses, offices and showrooms) shall apply in relation to the Authority as it applies in relation to statutory undertakers.

(6) No requirements or restrictions imposed by or under the provisions of sections one hundred and sixty-six to two hundred and nine of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, section ninety-three of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903, or section one hundred and eighty-one of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, or by or under the corresponding provisions of any local Act, as to the erection, placing or making of buildings, erections or excavations, or the reconstruction of or alterations to buildings, and no requirement imposed by or under any enactment or by virtue of the common law as to the submission of plans and specifications and the giving of notices to a local authority or the presentation of a petition to a dean of guild court or any body exercising the functions of a dean of guild court, shall apply in relation to any building in Scotland belonging to or in the occupation of the Authority:

Provided that the exemption conferred by this subsection shall not extend to dwelling-houses.

Miscellaaeou8 provisions as to the Authority.

6.—(1) Any land occupied by the Authority shall be deemed, for the purposes of any rate on property, to be property occupied by or on behalf of the Crown for public purposes.

1954

Atomic Energy Authority

Act, 1954

Ch. 32

95

(2) Exemption shall be granted—

(a) from income tax chargeable under Schedule A in respect

of lands, tenements, hereditaments and heritages owned and occupied by the Authority;

(b) from income tax chargeable under Schedule B in respect

of lands occupied by the Authority;

(c) from income tax chargeable under Schedule A or, by virtue of section one hundred and seventy-seven or section one hundred and eighty-two of the Income Tax Act, 1952, under Schedule D, in respect of the rents and profits of any lands, tenements, hereditaments or heritages belonging to the Authority;

() from income tax chargeable under Schedule C in respect

of any interest, annuities, dividends or shares of annuities, or under Schedule D in respect of any yearly interest or other annual payment, forming part of the income of the Authority:

Provided that—

(i) the exemption granted by paragraphs (a) and (b) of this

subsection shall not extend to tax in respect of any rent payable or other annual payment to be made by the Authority in respect of the lands, tenements, hereditaments and heritages; and

(ii) notwithstanding anything in paragraph (c) of this subsection, any assessment upon the respective properties falling within that paragraph shall not be vacated or altered but shall be in force and levied notwithstanding the allowance of any such exemption as is mentioned therein.

Income arising from investments or deposits held for the purposes of any pension scheme provided and maintained by the Authority shall be treated for the purposes of this subsection as if that income and the source thereof belonged to the Authority.

(3) Any place belonging to or used for the purposes of the Authority shall, for the purposes of paragraph (c) of section three of the Official Secrets Act, 1911 (which provides that places belonging to or used for the purposes of Her Majesty may be declared by order of the Secretary of State to be prohibited places for the purposes of that Act), be deemed to be a place belonging to or used for the purposes of Her Majesty, and no person other

than

(a) a constable acting in the execution of his duty as such; or

(b) an officer of customs and excise or inland revenue, acting in the execution of his duty as such; or

(c) an officer of any government department specially authorised in that behalf by or on behalf of a Minister of the Crown,

% AtO^c Energy Authority 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

4cf, 1954

shall be entitled to exercise any right of entry (whether arising by virtue of any statutory provision or otherwise) upon any place belonging to or used for the purposes of the Authority which is such a prohibited place as aforesaid except with the consent of the Authority and in accordance with any conditions imposed by them:

Provided that any person aggrieved by a refusal by the Authority to consent to, or by conditions imposed on, the exercise of any such right of entry may apply to the Lord President of the Council who may, if he thinks fit, himself authorise the exercise of the right subject to such conditions, if any, as he may think fit to impose.

(4) The enactments specified in the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the provisions set out in that Schedule for modifying or adapting those enactments consequentially on the establishment of the Authority.

(5) It is hereby declared that, save as otherwise expressly provided in this Act, the Authority are not to be treated for the purposes of the enactments and rules of law relating to the privileges of the Crown as a body exercising functions on behalf of the Crown, and the Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893, and section twenty-one of the Limitation Act, 1939, shall not apply to any action, prosecution or proceeding against the Authority or for or in respect of any act, neglect or default done or committed by a servant or agent of the Authority in his capacity as a servant or agent of theirs.

Machinery for settling terms and conditions of employment of staff eta

7.—(1) Except so far as the Authority are satisfied that adequate machinery exists for achieving the purposes of this section, it shall be the duty of the Authority to seek consultation with any organisation appearing to them to be appropriate with a view to the conclusion between the Authority and that organisation of such agreements as appear to the parties to be desirable with respect to the establishment and maintenance of machinery for—

(a) the settlement by negotiation of terms and conditions of

employment of persons employed by the Authority with provision for reference to arbitration in default of such settlement of such cases as may be determined by or under the agreements; and

(b) the promotion and encouragement of measures affecting the safety, health and welfare of persons employed by the Authority and (so far as in the opinion of the Authority considerations of national security permit) the discussion of other matters of mutual interest to the Authority and such persons, including efficiency in the Authority’s work.

1954

Atomic Energy Authority

Act, 1954

Ch. 32

97

(2) The Authority shall send to the Lord President of the Council and the Minister of Labour and National Service copies of any such agreement as aforesaid and of any instrument varying the terms of any such agreement.

8. —(1) Section eighteen of the Atomic Energy Act, 1946, and Interpretation, section twelve of the Radioactive Substances Act, 1948, shall

apply for the interpretation of this Act as they apply for the interpretation of those Acts respectively.

(2) In this Act, except so far as the context otherwise requires,—

" the appointed day " means such day as Her Majesty may by Order in Council appoint;

" financial year " means the twelve months ending with the thirty-first day of March;

" instrument " (without prejudice to the generality of that expression) includes in particular Orders in Council,

Letters Patent, judgments, decrees, orders, rules, regulations, byelaws, awards, contracts, certificates and other documents;

" pension ", in relation to a person, means a pension, whether contributory or not, of any kind whatsoever payable to or in respect of him, and includes a gratuity so payable and a return of contributions, with or without interest thereon or any other addition thereto;

" statutory provision " means a provision, whether of a general or a special nature, contained in, or in any document made or issued under, any Act, whether of a general or a special nature.

9, —(1) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland subject to Application

the modifications specified in the following provisions of this J° Northern section. Ireland-

(2) So much of this Act as amends section seven of the Atomic Energy Act, 1946, shall not extend to Northern Ireland, but—

(a) the reference in subsection (1) of section twenty of that

Act to section seven of that Act shall be construed as a reference to the said section seven as amended by this Act; and

(b) any reference in this Act to rights vested in the Authority

under the said section seven shall be construed as including a reference to rights vested in the Authority under so much of any law made by the Parliament of Northern Ireland in pursuance of the said subsection

(1) as corresponds to the said section seven.

(3) For the purpose of the compulsory purchase by the Authority, on the authorisation of the Lord President of the Council under subsection (1) of section five, of land in Northern Ireland, Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide for extending the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure)

D

98 Ch. 32 Atomic Energy Authority 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

, 1954

Act, 1946, to Northern Ireland subject to any adaptations, modifications and exceptions which may be provided for by the Order.

(4) Subsection (2) of section five shall not apply.

(5) In subsection (4) of section five—

(a) references to the Minister of Housing and Local Government shall be construed as references to the Minister of Health and Local Government for Northern Ireland;

(b) references to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries shall be construed as references to the Ministers of Commerce and Agriculture for Northern Ireland;

(c) for paragraph () the following paragraph shall be substituted—

" () for the purposes of the Fisheries Acts (Northern Ireland) 1842 to 1949, the Rivers Pollution Prevention Acts, 1876 and 1893, and the Public Health Acts (Northern Ireland) 1878 to 1949, all waste discharged on or from any premises occupied by the Authority shall be conclusively presumed not to be radioactive to any significant extent."

(6) For subsections (5) and (6) of section five, there shall be substituted the following subsection—

"(5) Section thirty-two of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1896 (which exempts Crown property from the provisions of the enactments in force in Northern Ireland relating to public health) shall apply in relation to the Authority, in like manner as it applies in relation to the Crown."

(7) The reference in subsection (2) of section seven of this Act to the Minister of Labour and National Service shall, in relation to any agreement affecting employment in Northern Ireland, be construed as including a reference to the Minister of Labour and National Insurance for Northern Ireland.

(8) For the references in the Third Schedule to this Act to section three of the Special Constables Act, 1923, as extended by paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to the Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1947, there shall be substituted references to sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to the Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1947.

(9) For the reference in the Third Schedule to the Factories Acts, 1937 and 1948, there shall be substituted a reference to the Factories Acts (Northern Ireland), 1938 and 1949.

Short title 10. This Act may be cited as the Atomic Energy Authority and citation. Act, 1954, and this Act, the Atomic Energy Act, 1946, and the Radioactive Substances Act, 1948, may be cited together as the Atomic Energy and Radioactive Substances Acts, 1946 to 1954.

1954

Atomic Energy Authority

Act, 1954

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

CH. 32

99

Section 1.

Provisions as to the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority

1. The Authority shall be a body corporate with perpetual succession and a common seal and power to hold land without licence in mortmain.

2. The Authority may act notwithstanding a vacancy among their members.

3. The quorum of the Authority shall be three or such number, not being less than three, as the Authority may from time to time determine.

4. It shall be within the capacity of the Authority as a statutory corporation to do such things and enter into such transactions as are incidental or conducive to the exercise and performance of their functions under this Act

5. —(1) A member of the Authority who is in any way directly or indirectly interested in a contract made or proposed to be made by the Authority shall, as soon as possible after die relevant circumstances have come to his knowledge, disclose the nature of his interest at a meeting of the Authority.

(2) Any disclosure made under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall be recorded in the minutes of the Authority and the member— (a) shall not take part after the disclosure in any deliberation or decision of the Authority with respect to that contract; and (i b) shall be disregarded for the purpose of constituting a quorum of the Authority for any such deliberation or decision.

6. Subject to the preceding provisions of this Schedule the Authority may regulate their own procedure.

7. —(1) The Authority shall appoint a secretary and may appoint such other officers and take into their employment such other persons as they may determine.

(2) The Authority shall—

(a) pay to their officers and other persons employed by them such

remuneration as the Authority may determine; and

(b) as regards any officers or persons employed in whose case it

may be determined by the Authority with the approval of the Lord President of the Council so to do, pay to or in respect of them such pensions, or provide and maintain for them such pension schemes (whether contributory or not), as may be so determined.

(3) Where any officer of or person employed by the Authority, being a participant in any pension scheme applicable to his office or employment, becomes a member of the Authority, he may be treated for the purposes of the pension scheme as if his service as a member of the Authority were service as an officer of or person employed by the Authority, and his rights under the scheme shall not be affected by any provision of this Act which requires that the pensions or

100 Ch. 32 Atomic Energy Authority 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

,4c/, 1954

1st Sea. payments towards the provision of pensions to be paid or made in —cont. the case of members of the Authority shall be determined by the Lord President of the Council with the approval of the Treasury.

(4) Except with the consent of the Lord President of the Council, the Authority shall not terminate on security grounds the employment of any officer of, or person employed by, the Authority.

In this sub-paragraph the expression " security grounds " means grounds which are grounds for dismissal from the civil service of Her Majesty, in accordance with any arrangements for the time being in force relating to dismissals from that service for reasons of national security.

8. The application of the seal of the Authority shall be authenticated by the signatures of the chairman or some other member of the Authority authorised by the Authority to authenticate the application of the seal thereof, and of the secretary of the Authority or some person authorised by the Authority to act in his stead in that behalf.

9. Every document purporting to be an instrument issued by the Authority and to be sealed as aforesaid or to be signed on behalf of the Authority shall be received in evidence and shall be deemed to be such an instrument without further proof unless the contrary is shown.

Section 2. SECOND SCHEDULE

Transfer of property rights and liabilities from the Lord President of the Council to the Authority

1. The property held immediately before the appointed day by the Lord President of the Council for the purposes of his activities under subsection (1) of section two of the Atomic Energy Act, 1946, and subsection (1) of section one of the Radioactive Substances Act, 1948, and the rights and liabilities enjoyed by him or incumbent on him immediately before the appointed day in connection with those activities are hereby transferred as from the appointed day to the Authority:

Provided that this paragraph shall not apply to any property, rights or liabilities acquired or incurred under any pension scheme.

2. Any instrument shall, so far as may be necessary for or in consequence of the transfer effected by paragraph 1 of this Schedule, have effect as if references to, or which are to be construed as references to, the Lord President of the Council or any department or organisation maintained by him for the purposes of his functions under the Atomic Energy Act, 1946, and the Radioactive Substances Act, 1948, were or, as the case may require, included references to the Authority and their organisation.

3. Anything in process of being done by or in relation to the Lord President of the Council immediately before the appointed day (and, in particular, legal proceedings then pending to which he is a party) may, if it relates wholly or partly to any property, rights or liabilities

1954

Atomic Energy Authority

Act, 1954

Ch. 32

101

transferred by paragraph 1 of this Schedule, be continued by or in 2nd Sch. relation to the Authority or by or in relation to the Authority and —cont.

the Lord President of the Council, as the case may be.

4. A certificate issued by the Lord President of the Council that any property vested in the Lord President of the Council immediately before the appointed day was or was not transferred to the Authority by paragraph 1 of this Schedule shall be conclusive evidence that that property was or was not so transferred.

In subsection (1) of section seven after the words " vesting in him " there shall be inserted—

(a) in the first place where those words occur, the words " or in the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority ";

(b) in the second place where those words occur, the words " or the said Authority ".

Sections ten and eleven shall not apply to anything done by or to the Authority.

In section twelve, in subsection (2), after the word "inspect " there shall be inserted the words " or authorise the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority to inspect ", and in subsection (7), after the words "the Minister" there shall be inserted the words "or the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority ".

In section thirteen, after the words " the Minister " there shall be inserted the words "or the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority ",

At the end of section sixteen there shall be added the following proviso—

"Provided that any compensation required to be paid by an order made under section seven of this Act vesting any right in the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority shall be paid by that Authority."

In paragraph (c) of section nineteen after the words " vesting in the Minister " there shall be inserted the words " or in the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority".

Enactments relating to Official Secrets and Protection of Property

For the purposes of section two of the Official Secrets Act, 1911, membership of or any office or employment under the Authority shall be deemed to be an office under Her Majesty and any contract with the Authority shall be deemed to be a contract with Her Majesty.

Section three of the Special Constables Act, 1923, as extended by paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to the Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1947, shall apply as if any premises in the possession or under the control of the Authority were premises in

THIRD SCHEDULE Adaptations and Modifications of Enactments The Atomic Energy Act, 1946

Sections 6,9.

10(2

Ch. 32

Atomic Energy Authority 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

1954

3rd Sch. the possession or under the control of the Minister of Supply, so —cont. however that, in relation to those premises, the powers of nomination conferred by those provisions shall be exercisable also by the Authority.

For the purposes of section two of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1860, any property of the Authority shall be deemed to be property of the Crown.

For the purposes of section six of the Public Stores Act, 1875, any person appointed under the Special Constables Act, 1923, as extended as aforesaid, to be a special constable within any premises which are in the possession or under the control of the Authority shall be deemed to be a constable deputed by a public department and any goods and chattels belonging to or in the possession of the Authority shall be deemed to be Her Majesty’s stores.

Other Enactments

In section ninety-seven of the Explosives Act, 1875, references to a department of the Government, except the second such reference in paragraph (5) of that section, shall be construed as including references to the Authority.

For the purposes of Part II of the Military Lands Act, 1892 (as applied by the Ministry of Supply (Transfer of Powers) (No. 1) Order, 1939, subsection (2) of section two of the Atomic Energy Act, 1946, and Article 3 of the Transfer of Functions (Atomic Energy and Radioactive Substances) Order, 1953)—

(a) any land vested in or under the management of the Authority shall be deemed to be land vested in or under the management of the Lord President of the Council;

(b) any right of the Authority to use land vested in another person shall be deemed to be a right of the Lord President of the Council; and

(cl the purposes of the Authority shall be deemed to be purposes of a department or organisation maintained by the Lord President of the Council for the purposes of the functions transferred to him under the Transfer of Functions (Atomic Energy and Radioactive Substances) Order, 1953.

For the purposes of the Factories Acts, 1937 and 1948, any premises belonging to or in the occupation of the Authority and any building operations or works of engineering construction undertaken by or on behalf of the Authority shall be deemed to be premises belonging to or in the occupation of the Crown or, as the case may be, to be operations or works undertaken by or on behalf of the Crown.

Section nineteen of the Ministry of Supply Act, 1939, shall have effect as if the Authority were a Government Department.

In subsection (2) of section forty-six of the Patents Act, 1949, after the words "Government department" there shall be inserted the words * or the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority *.

vor.

1954

Atomic Energy Authority

Act, 1954

Table of Statutes referred to In this Act

Ch. 32, 33

103

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Metropolitan Police Act, 1860

Explosives Act, 1875

Public Stores Act, 1875

Sea Fisheries Regulation Act, 1888

Military Lands Act, 1892

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892 Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893 ...

Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1896

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897 Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903

Official Secrets Act, 1911

Special Constables Act, 1923

Salmon and Fresh Water Fisheries Act, 1923 Public Health Act, 1936

23 & 24 Vict. c. 135.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 17.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 25.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 54.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 43.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 55.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 61.

59 & 60 Vict. c. 54.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 38.

3 Edw. 7. c. 33.

1 A 2 Geo. 5. c. 28.

13 A 14 Geo. 5. c. 11. 13 A 14 Geo. 5. c. 16. 26 Geo. 5. A 1 Edw. 8.

c. 49.

limitation Act, 1939

Ministry of Supply Act, 1939

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946.

Atomic Energy Act, 1946

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947.

Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1947.

Radioactive Substances Act, 1948

Patents Act, 1949

Rivers (Prevention of Pollution) Act, 1951 Income Tax Act, 1952

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 21.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 38.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 49.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 80.

10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 42.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 10.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 37. 12,13 A14 Geo. 6. c. 87.

14 A 15 Geo. 6. c. 64.

15 A 16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 10.

CHAPTER 33

Pool Betting , 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

I. Promoters of pool betting to be registered.

L Appointment, etc., of the accountant.

3. Requirements as to conduct of pool betting business.

4. Information to be supplied and published by registered pool promoters.

5. Duties and powers of the accountant.

6. Void competitions and rejected entries.

7. Ascertainment of stake money in competitions.

8. Enforcement.

9. Power of councils to delegate their functions.

10. Legislation of ready money pool betting carried on by post

II. Application and interpretation of Act.

11 Application to Scotland.

13. Short title and extent.

104

Ch. 33

Pool Betting Act, 1954

2 & 3 B2

Promoters of pool betting to be

registered.

An Act to regulate the disposal of moneys and to provide for the publication of certain accounts and information in connection with pool betting; to permit ready money bets in certain circumstances by way of pool betting conducted by post and in that connection to repeal the Ready Money Football Betting Act, 1920, and to restrict the application of the Betting Act, 1853; and for purposes connected therewith.

[4th June, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1*—(1) No person shall carry on any business involving the receiving or negotiating of bets made by way of pool betting unless he is registered under this Act with the council of the county or county borough within which the place, or die principal place, at which he carries on that business is situate, and the registration remains in force.

A person registered as aforesaid whose registration remains in force is hereafter in this Act referred to as a " registered pool promoter ", and the council with whom a registered pool promoter is or is required to be registered under this Act is hereafter in this Act referred to as " the local authority

(2) If any person makes an application to die local authority for registration under this Act, the local authority shall, on payment of the appropriate registration fee, register him accordingly in a register to be kept by them for the purposes of this Act and notify him in writing that they have done so.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of this section, the local authority may, after giving the person in question an opportunity of being heard, refuse to register a person under this section or revoke a person’s registration if that person or, where that person is a corporate body, any director or manager thereof, has been convicted of any offence under this Act or of any offence involving fraud or dishonesty.

(4) If, after a person has been registered under this section, the local authority, after giving him an opportunity of being heard, are satisfied that he does not intend to carry on a pool betting business or that he has permanendy ceased to carry on pool betting business or that die place or principal place at which he carries on his pool betting business will not be, or has ceased to be, in their area, they shall revoke his registration.

(5) Where registration has been refused or revoked under this section, die local authority shall forthwith notify

1954

Pool Betting , 1954

Ch. 33

105

the person in question of the refusal or revocation, and he may appeal in accordance with the provisions of the Quarter Sessions Act, 1849, to the next practicable court of quarter sessions having jurisdiction in the county, borough or place in which the place or principal place at which he carries on or is intending to carry on his business is situate and held not less than twenty-one clear days after the giving to him of the notice of the refusal or revocation.

In any case arising under this subsection, the notice of appeal shall be given to the local authority and to the clerk of the peace, and sections seven and eight of the Summary Jurisdiction (Appeals) Act, 1933 (which prescribe the courts for the hearing of certain appeals to quarter sessions), shall apply as they apply in relation to an appeal from a court of summary jurisdiction.

(6) Where a local authority revoke a registration under this section, then, until the time within which notice of appeal under this section may be given has expired and, if such notice is duly given, until the determination of the appeal, the registration shall be deemed to continue in force, and if the court of quarter sessions confirm the decision of the local authority, the court may, if they think fit, order that the registration shall continue in force for a further period not exceeding two months from the date of the order.

(7) If a registered pool promoter dies, his registration shall, for the period of three months beginning with the date of the death, enure for the benefit of his legal personal representative.

(8) On the first day of January in the year nineteen hundred and fifty-six and every subsequent year the appropriate continuation fee shall become payable to the local authority by every person who is for the time being a registered pool promoter, and any such fee which remains unpaid after die date on which it becomes payable may be recovered by the local authority as a debt

(9) For the purposes of this section the appropriate registration fee and the appropriate continuation fee shall be fees of such amounts respectively (not in either case exceeding fifty pounds) as may be fixed annually by the local authority for the whole of their area; and different amounts may be so fixed by any such authority in respect of businesses of different classes.

2.—(1) The local authority shall, in the case of each registered Appointment, pool promoter, appoint a person, being a qualified auditor, to etc »of the exercise and perform, in relation to that registered pool promoter, accountant-the powers and duties conferred and imposed by the subsequent provisions of this Act.

D*

106 Ch. 33 pool Betting Act, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(2) The person so appointed (hereafter in this Act referred to as " die accountant ") shall hold office on such terms (including terms as to remuneration) as may be determined by the local authority after consultation with the registered pool promoter.

(3) The remuneration of the accountant shall be payable by the local authority, but the remuneration paid to the accountant by the local authority shall be recoverable by the local authority as a debt due to them from the registered pool promoter.

(4) In this section " remuneration " includes any sums paid or to be paid to the accountant in respect of his expenses.

Requirements 3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the pool

alt00?wSl totting business carried on by any registered pool promoter buSttw. stoU comply with the following requirements—

(a) it shall take the form of the promotion of competitions

for prizes for making forecasts as to sporting or other events, the bets being entries in the competitions and the winnings in respect of the bets being the prizes or shares in die prizes;

(b) each bet shall be an entry in a particular competition;

(c) the stakes and the winnings shall be wholly in money;

(d) in each competition, the prizes shall be equally available for all the bets and accordingly the question which bets qualify for, or for shares in, the prize or prizes and, save so far as it depends on the amounts staked, the amounts of the respective shares in the prizes, shall be determined solely by the relative success of the forecasts embodied in the respective bets;

(e) the total amount payable by way of winnings shall, in the case of each competition, be the total amount of the stakes in respect of entries in that competition less such percentage of that total amount as may be determined by the promoter, being the same percentage in respect of all his competitions which depend on the same events or events taking place on the same day;

if)the rules applying to the competition shall be notified to the accountant before the first of the relevant sporting or other events takes place.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in paragraph id) or paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of this section—

(a) the rules applicable to any competition may provide that the winnings shall not, in the case of any bet, exceed a stated amount and that any resulting decrease

1954

Pool Betting , 1954

Ch. 33

107

in the total amount payable in the case of the winning bets qualifying for, or for shares in, a prize in the competition shall be applied in increasing the amount payable in the case of the winning bets qualifying for, or for shares in, another prize, or other prizes, in that competition;

(b) the rules applicable to any competition may provide that, in specified circumstances, one or more of the prizes shall not be paid and that the amount which would have been payable in die case of the winning bets qualifying for, or for shares in, that prize or those prizes shall be applied in increasing the amount payable in the case of the winning bets qualifying for, or for shares in, another prize or other prizes in that competition;

(c) the rules applicable to any competition may provide—

(i) for the winnings of winning bets (being bets staking the minimum permissible under the rules of the competition) being increased or decreased (with a view to facilitating payment) by not more than sixpence; and

(ii) consequentially, for the winnings of winning bets (being bets staking more than the said minimum) being increased or decreased by not more than a proportionately greater sum than sixpence,

and the total amount payable by way of winnings in the case of the competition may exceed or fall short of the amount specified in the said paragraph (e) to such extent as is reasonably necessary having regard to any such provision;

W) if it is found that a bet which ought to have been treated as a winning bet has been inadvertently overlooked, the promoter may pay to the person making that bet the sum paid by him to other persons making comparable bets or, if there are no comparable bets, such sum as may be proper, and any sum paid under this paragraph shall be left out of account for the purposes of the said paragraph (e).

0) Nothing in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section shall be construed as preventing—

(a) several bets being made by a person relating to the same competition; or ib) several bets (whether relating to the same competition or to different competitions) being made by a person by means of the same coupon or other entry form; or

D* 2

i

108

Ch. 33

Pool Betting , 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(c) the use of a formula for the purpose of making several bets and, in particular, the use for that purpose of any form of the device commonly known as a permutation.

(4) Nothing in paragraph if) of subsection (1) of this section shall be construed as requiring, in the case of a series of competitions proposed to be held under the same rules, that those rules should be re-notified to the accountant on the occasion of each competition, and, if the rules are altered before the series is completed, it shall suffice if the alteration is notified to the accountant before any of the sporting or other events relevant to the first competition to which the alteration applies takes place.

Information to 4,—(1) As soon as may be after the events to which any of

competitions relates have taken place, and in any case not registered y later ^an seven days after the announcement of the results pool of that competition, every registered pool promoter shall send

promoters. to the accountant a statement showing—

(a) the total amount of the stakes in respect of entries in

the competition;

(b) the total amount payable by way of winnings in that competition;

(c) the total amount of the stakes in respect of winning

bets in the competition, and if there are more prizes than one in the competition, the total amount of the stakes in respect of winning bets qualifying for, or for shares in, each of the prizes; and

() the amount payable in respect of each winning bet or, as the case may be, of each winning bet qualifying for. or for a share of, each of the prizes, bets staking more than the minimum which is permissible under the rules of the competition being treated for the purposes of this paragraph as if they were several separate bets each staking the said minimum.

(2) Every registered pool promoter shall, not more than twenty-one days after the events to which any of his competitions relate have taken place, send to every competitor in that competition a statement of the percentage (calculated to the nearest one-tenth of one per cent.) which the first of the amounts hereinafter mentioned bears to the second of those amounts, that is to say—

ia)the aggregate total stakes in that competition and all other competitions of that promoter which depend on those events or on other events taking place on the same day, after deducting the aggregate prizes in, and the

1954

Pool Betting , 1954

Ch. 33

109

aggregate pool betting duty payable in respect of, all those competitions;

(b) the said aggregate total stakes, without any such deduction,

unless he has seemed all such publicity as is reasonably necessary for the said statement by means of a newspaper announcement or newspaper announcements published within the said twenty-one days.

The said statement may take the following form, that is to say—

" Commission and expenses per cent.*

with the addition (if in the context this is necessary) of words identifying the competition or competitions to which the statement relates.

(3) The statements and announcements referred to in the preceding provisions of this section may be expressed to be subject to some form of Check or scrutiny, but where a statement expressed to be subject to a check or scrutiny is sent to the accountant under subsection (1) of this section, the registered pool promoter shall as soon as may be send to the accountant a further statement, stating that, as the result of the check or scrutiny, specified corrections or no corrections are necessary in the earlier statement or that the check or scrutiny has not been made and is not intended to be made.

(4) Where a payment is made in accordance with paragraph id) of subsection (2) of the last preceding section after the sending of the statement to the accountant under subsection <1) of this section, the registered pool promoter shall as soon as may be send particulars thereof to the accountant.

(5) In August in each year every registered pool promoter shall send to the accountant and to die local authority a statement showing, as respects his pool betting business for the period hereinafter mentioned—

(a) the aggregate total stakes in all his competitions;

(b) die said aggregate total stakes after deducting the

aggregate prizes in, and the aggregate pool betting duty payable in respect of, those competitions; and

(c) the amount of the promoter’s commission (as defined for

the purposes of this Act) or, at the option of the promoter, the percentage (calculated to the nearest one-tenth of one per cent.) which the said commission bears to the said aggregate total stakes:

Provided that if die percentage referred to in paragraph (c) of tins subsection does not exceed three per cent, the statement

110

CH% 33

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Duties and powers of the accountant.

pool foiling Act, 1954

required by the said paragraph (c) may, if die promoter so desires, be a statement that die said percentage does not exceed three per cent

The said period is, in the case of a statement falling to be sent in the year nineteen hundred and fifty-five, the period beginning with the first day of January and ending with the thirty-first day of July in that year, and, in the case of a statement falling to be sent in any subsequent year, the twelve months ending with the thirty-first day of July in that year; and the reference in the preceding provisions of this subsection to the pool betting business of a promoter for any such period shall be construed as a reference to the pool betting business of that promoter so far as it is concerned with competitions which depend on events which take place on any day in that period.

(6) Whenever, at any time after the end of the year nineteen hundred and fifty-four, a profit and loss account of a company to which section one hundred and forty-eight of the Companies Act, 1948, applies, being a registered pool promoter, is laid before the company in general meeting in pursuance of that section, the company shall forthwith send a copy of that account and of the relevant auditor’s report to the accountant

(7) Every registered pool promoter, not being such a company as is mentioned in subsection (6) of this section, shall, at least once in every calendar year after the end of the year nineteen hundred and fifty-four, send to the accountant a profit and loss account of his pool betting business, covering, in the case of the first account, a period beginning at the end of the year nineteen hundred and fifty-four or at the commencement of the business, whichever is the later, and, in the case of subsequent accounts, a period beginning at the end of the period covered by the last account, together with a report thereon by a qualified auditor who neither is, nor is a partner of, nor is in the employment of any person who is an officer or servant of the registered pool promoter; and the Ninth Schedule to the Companies Act, 1948 (which enumerates the matters which are to be expressly stated in auditors* reports) shall, with the necessary adaptations, apply in relation to every such report.

(8) The local authority shall preserve any documents sent to them under this section for at least two years and shall deposit diem at their office and permit any member of the public to inspect them during office hours free of charge.

5.—(1) The accountant shall—

(a) examine all statements submitted to him under the last preceding section with a view to determining whether there is cause to believe that any of the provisions of

1954

Pool Betting , 1954

Ch. 33

111

this Act are being contravened or not complied with in relation to the competition in question; and

(b) retain all such statements for two years; and

(c) at any time during that period give facilities for their

examination by any officer or servant of the local authority authorised in that behalf by the local authority.

(2) The accountant and any servant of his authorised in that behalf by him in writing may at all reasonable times enter any premises on which a registered pool promoter is carrying on h& business and enquire into the manner in which that business is being carried on, and may require the registered pool promoter or any servant of his to give to the accountant or servant so authorised all such information and produce all such accounts, books and other documents and carry out such checks or additional checks of coupons or other entry forms as the accountant or servant so authorised may think necessary for the purpose of determining whether there is cause to believe that any of the provisions of this Act are being contravened or not complied with; and it shall be the duty of the promoter to preserve, or, to such extent as he may prefer to do so, to preserve photographic copies of, all accounts, books or other documents (including coupons or other entry forms) which relate wholly or partly to any of his competitions for at least two months from the day on which the events take place on which that competition depends.

(3) If at any time the accountant has cause to believe that any of the provisions of this Act are being contravened or not complied with in relation to any of the competitions of a registered pool promoter, he shall report the matter to the local authority.

(4) Not later than the end of October in each year the accountant shall furnish to the local authority a report stating, if such be the fact, that he has examined all statements submitted to him by a registered pool promoter under the last preceding section for the period mentioned in subsection (5) of that section which ended in that year, has conducted such enquiries into the manner in which the business of that promoter is carried on and made such examination of that promoter’s records as he considers necessary, and has no cause to believe that any of the provisions of this Act have been contravened or not complied with in relation to any of the competitions of that promoter taking place during the said period except in relation to such matters (if any) as have been reported by the accountant in pursuance of subsection (3) of this section.

6.—(1) Nothing in section three of this Act shall prevent the Void rules of any competition from providing that the competition competitioQs may be declared void in specified circumstances; but sections "IZ?00*0® four and five of this Act shall apply in relation to competitions en™8*

m

C»* 33

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Ascertainment of stake money in competitions.

Enforcement.

pool ktt ing Act 1954

declared void in pursuance of any such provision as they apply in relation to other competitions except that—

(a) for the statements required by subsections (1) and (2) of

the said section four to be sent to the accountant in respect of the competition and to be included in announcements of the results of, or to be sent to competitors in, the competition, there shall be substituted statements that the competition has been declared void and that sums paid as stakes therein will be repaid or credited to the payors thereof;

(b) the competition shall be left out of account in computing

the percentage a statement of which is required by the said subsection (2) to be included in announcements of the results of, or to be sent to competitors in, other competitions depending on the same events or other events taking place on the same day.

(2) References in this Act to stakes in, or in respect of entries in, any competition do not include references to stakes in respect of rejected entries.

7. Where two or more competitions of the same registered pool promoter are so conducted that entries in all of them can be effected by a person without completing more than a single coupon or other entry form, the promoter may arrive at the total amount of the stakes in respect of the entries in each competition by—

ia) ascertaining the aggregate total amount of the stakes in

respect of the entries in all the competitions; and

(b) causing the said aggregate total amount to be appor-

tioned among those competitions by reference to the results of an inspection of samples of the completed coupons or forms,

and if the sampling, inspection and apportionment is such (both as to the process adopted and as to die manner of carrying ft out) that the amount apportioned to each competition is not likely to differ from the total amount actually staked therein by more than one per cent., the amount so apportioned to any such competition shall for all the purposes of this Act be deemed to be the total amount actually staked in that competition.

8. —(1) Any person who—

(a) carries on any business in contravention of section one of this Act; or

(b) obstructs the accountant or any servant of his in the

execution of any powers or duties under this Act; or

(c) fails to comply with any requirement duly made on him

by the accountant or any servant of his, or, in response to such a requirement, knowingly gives any information which is false or misleading, shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

1954

Pool Betting , 1954

Ch. 33

113

(2) If any registered pool promoter fails to comply with any duty imposed upon him by this Act or if any of the provisions of this Act, except so far as they impose duties on the accountant or the local authority, are contravened or not complied with in the case of the business of any registered pool promoter, the registered pool promoter shall be guilty of an offence under this Act

(3) Section twenty-nine of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934 (which relates to offences by bodies corporate) and subsection (1) of section thirty of that Act <which prescribes penalties) shall apply in relation to offences under tins Act as they apply in relation to offences under Part II of that Act.

(4) The local authority shall have power to take proceedings for offences under this Act.

9.—(1) Section five of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934 Power of (which relates, amongst other things, to the power of county and ^°}mciJ® . county borough councils to delegate their functions under that Act), shall apply in relation to the functions of county and county borough councils under this Act as it applies in relation to their functions under that Act

(2) Any sum received under this Act by a standing joint committee in pursuance of such a delegation shall be paid or accounted for to the county council represented on the committee.

10.—U) The Ready Money Football Betting Act, 1920, shall Legalisation of cease to have effect as respects any pool betting business carried on by post by a registered pool promoter. carried on*

(2) Section one of the Betting Act, 1853, so far as it relates by post* to the opening, keeping or using of houses, offices, rooms or other places for the receipt of money, shall not apply in relation to pool betting business carried on by post by a registered pool promoter.

1L—(1) In this Act " bets made by way of pool betting " has Application the same meaning as it has for the purposes of section six of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1947, and subsection (5) of that section, of Act section fourteen of the Finance Act, 1948, section seventeen of the Finance Act, 1950, and section four of the Finance Act,

1952, shall apply accordingly, and "pool betting business" means a business involving the receiving or negotiating of bets made by way of pool betting:

Provided that nothing in this Act shall apply to—

(a) any bets depending wholly on events taking place before the end of the year nineteen hundred and fifty-four; or

A

114

Ch. 33

Pool Betting , 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(b) any bets made or to be made by means of a totalisator operated on an approved racecourse within die meaning of the Racecourse Betting Act, 1928, or on a licensed track as defined in subsection (1) of section twenty of the Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934,

and "bets made by way of pool betting" and "pool betting business " shall be construed accordingly.

(2) In this Act " qualified auditor " means a person who is a member, or a firm all of the partners wherein are members, of one or more of the following bodies: —

(a) The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and

Wales;

(b) The Society of Incorporated Accountants and Auditors;

(c) The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scodand;

() The Association of Certified and Corporate Account-

ants;

(e) The Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland;

(flany other body of accountants established in the United Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the purposes of paragraph (u) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-one of the Companies Act, 1948, by the Board of Trade.

(3) Any reference in this Act to the day on which the events on which a competition depends take place shall, where the events do not take place wholly on the same day, be construed as a reference to the last day on which any of the events take place.

(4) In this Act, " the promoter’s commission " means, in respect of any pool betting business, the amount by which the aggregate total stakes in all the competitions exceeds the sum of—

(i a) the aggregate prizes in the competitions; and

(b) the aggregate pool betting duty payable in respect of the competitions; and

(c) the expenses of the promoter actually incurred by him in

the conduct of the competitions, excluding any expenses properly chargeable to capital and any interest on borrowed money, and, in particular, excluding any provision for depreciation of buildings or equipment, any emoluments -payable to the promoter or, if the promoter is a partnership, to any of the partners, or, if the promoter is a body corporate, to any of the directors, and in any case, any emoluments payable to any person whose emoluments depend to any extent on the profits of the promoter.

1954

Pool Betting Act, 1954

Ch. 33

115

12*—(1) The foregoing provisions of this Act, in their appli- Application cation to Scotland, shall have effect subject to the following to Scotland, modifications—

(a) For any reference to a county borough there shall be substituted a reference to a large burgh, and for any reference to a court of quarter sessions there shall be substituted a reference to the sheriff;

(Z>) For subsection (5) of section one there shall be substituted the following subsection—

" (5) Where registration has been refused or revoked under this section the local authority shall forthwith notify the person in question of the refusal or revocation and he may appeal, in accordance with such rules as to notice and otherwise as may be made by the Court of Session by act of sederunt, to the sheriff having jurisdiction in the area in which the place or principal place at which the person carries on or is intending to carry on his business is situate, and on any such appeal the decision of the sheriff shall be final and may include such order as to the expenses of the appeal as he thinks proper.";

and

(c) Subsection (4) of section eight (which empowers the local authority to take proceedings) shall be omitted.

(2) For the purposes of this Act in its application to Scotland a county shall be deemed to include any small burgh, and not to include any large burgh, situate therein, and section one hundred and eighteen of the Local Government (Scotland) Act,

1947 (which relates to the combination of certain counties for certain purposes) shall have effect accordingly.

(3) In this Act in its application to Scotland the expressions " small burgh " and " large burgh " have the like meanings as in die Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947.

(4) The power conferred on the Court of Session by subsection

(5) of section one of this Act, in its application to Scotland, shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, shall apply to a statutory instrument by which the power is exercised as if the power had been conferred on a Minister of the Crown.

13*—(1) This Act may be cited as the Pool Betting Act, 1954. Short title

and extent*

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

to* —■——

le

116

33, 34

Pool Betting , 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Cw%

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Quarter Sessions Act, 1849 Betting Act, 1853 Ready Money Football Betting Act, 1920 Racecourse Betting Act, 1928 Summary Jurisdiction (Appeals) Act, 1933 Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934 Statutory Instruments Act, 1946 Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 Finance (No. 2) Act, 1947 Companies Act, 1948 Finance Act, 1948 Finance Act, 1950 Finance Act, 1952 12 & 13 Vict. c. 45. 16 & 17 Vict. c. 119. 10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 51 18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 41. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 38. 24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 58. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 9. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 49. 14 Geo. 6. c. 15. 15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 33.

CHAPTER 34

An Act to amend section four of the Statute of Frauds, 1677; and to repeal section four of the Sale of Goods Act, 1893.

[4th June, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Amendment 1. in section four of the Statute of Frauds, 1677, the words Statute of * "whereby to charge any executor or administrator upon any Frauds, 1677. special promise to answer damages out of his own estate; or", 29 Car* 2. c 3. *he words " or to charge any person upon any agreement made * upon consideration of marriage " and the words " or upon any agreement that is not to be performed within the space of one year from the making thereof" are hereby repealed in relation to any promise or agreement, whether made before or after the commencement of this Act.

Repeal of s. 4 of the Sale of Goods Act, 1893.

56 & 57 Vict, c. 71.

Short title and extent.

2. Section four of the Sale of Goods Act, 1893, is hereby repealed in relation to any contract, whether made before or after the commencement of this Act.

3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Law Reform (Enforcement of Contracts) Act, 1954.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1954

Army and Air Force (

Ch. 35

117

Act, 1954

CHAPTER 35

An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the discipline and regulation of the Arm *

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of land forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of five hundred and forty-nine thousand:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary that a body of air forces should be continued for the purposes aforesaid, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of two hundred and eighty-eight thousand:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of this realm that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or be sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet, nevertheless, it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law or to the Air Force Act, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed and that persons belonging to the said, forces who mutiny, or stir up sklition, or desert Her Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military or air force discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

Force.

118 Ch. 35, 36 Army and Air Force ( 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

, 1954

And whereas the Army Act and the Air Force Act will expire with the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-four:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

[Short title.] 1. This Act may be cited as the Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1954.

Army Act and 2.—(1) The Army Act and the Air Force Act shall be and AirFarce Act remain in force from the first day of August, nineteen hundred formcUbd6 fifty-four to the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred ^ne^auca and fifty-five, both inclusive, and no longer unless otherwise provided by Parliament.

(2) The Army Act and the Air Force Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject, as the case may be, to military law or to the Air Force Act wherever they may be.

(3) A person subject to military law or to the Air Force Act shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act or the Air Force Act by reason only that the numbers of the forces for the time being in the service of Her Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the numbers hereinbefore mentioned.

CHAPTER 36

Law Reform (Limitation of , See.) , 1954 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Repeal of Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893, and other enact-

ments.

2. Amendment of Limitation Act, 1939, as respects personal injury actions.

3. Amendment of Fatal Accidents Act, 1846.

4. Amendment as to proceedings on causes of action surviving against

estates of deceased persons.

5. Application to the Crown.

6. Further provisions as to limitation of actions in Scotland.

7. Transitional provisions.

8. Short title, extent and repeals.

Schedule.

1954

Law Reform (Limitation of

Actions, Ac.) Act, 1954

Ch. 36

119

An Act to assimilate, in certain respects and subject to certain exceptions and special provisions, the law applicable to proceedings against public authorities (including the Crown) and persons acting in pursuance or execution or intended execution of enactments to that applicable in other cases; to amend the law as to the time limited for bringing legal proceedings and as to the survival of causes of action against the estates of deceased persons; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[4th June, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The following enactments (being enactments providing Repeal of special periods of limitation for, or other privileges for the Public defendants in, legal proceedings against public authorities or Authorities persons acting in pursuance or execution or intended execution of Acts), that is to say— and other'

(a) the Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893; enactments.

(b) section twenty-one of the Limitation Act, 1939;

(c) subsections (1) and (2) of section forty-nine of the Coal

Industry Nationalisation Act, 1946, section seventeen of the New Towns Act, 1946, section eleven of the Transport Act, 1947, section twelve of the Electricity Act,

1947, section fourteen of the Gas Act, 1948, and section three of the Air Corporations Act, 1953; and

() subsections (1) and (2) of section one hundred and seventy of the Army Act (both as originally enacted and as extended by subsection (5) of section thirteen of the Visiting Forces Act, 1952) and subsections (1) and

(2) of section one hundred and seventy of the Air Force Act,

are hereby repealed.

2.—(1) At the end of subsection (1) of section two of the Amendment Limitation Act, 1939 (which subsection provides, amongst other of Limitation things, that there shall be a limitation period of six years for Act» 1939» actions founded on simple contract or on tort) the following proviso shall be inserted— injury

" Provided that, in the case of actions for damages for actions, negligence, nuisance or breach of duty (whether the duty exists by virtue of a contract or of provision made by or under a statute or independently of any contract or any such provision) where the damages claimed by the plaintiff for the negligence, nuisance or breach of duty consist of or include damages in respect of personal injuries to any

120

Amendment of Fatal Accidents Act, 1846.

Amendment as to

proceedings on causes of action surviving against estates of deceased persons.

Application to the Crown.

Ch. 36 Law Reform (Limitation of 2 & 3 . 2

Actions, Ac.) , 1954

person, this subsection shall have effect as if for the reference to six years there were substituted a reference to three years."

(2) At the end of section twenty-two of the Limitation Act, 1939 (which, in certain cases where the person to whom a right of action has accrued was under a disability, extends the period of limitation until six years from the date when the disability ceased or the person died, whichever event first occurred) there shall be added the following subsection—

" (2) In the case of actions for damages for negligence, nuisance or breach of duty (whether the duty exists by virtue of a contract or of provision made by or under a statute or independently of any contract or any such provision) where the damages claimed by the plaintiff for the negligence, nuisance or breach of duty consist of or include damages in respect of personal injuries to any person,—

(a) the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect as if for the words 4 5 six years ’ there were substituted the words4 three years and

(b) this section shall not apply unless the plaintiff

proves that the person under the disability was not, at the time when the right of action accrued to him, in the custody of a parent."

(3) In subsection (1) of section thirty-one of the Limitation Act, 1939, after the definitions of 44 personal estate " and 44 personal property " there shall be inserted the following definition—

44 4 personal injuries ’ includes any disease and any impairment of a person’s physical or mental condition

3. In section three of the Fatal Accidents Act, 1846 (which provides that actions under that Act shall be commenced within twelve calendar months after the death of the deceased person) for the words44 twelve calendar months " there shall be subkituted the words 44 three years

4. In section one of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1934 (which provides, amongst other things, for the survival, with certain exceptions, of all causes of action against a deceased person’s estate), so much of subsection (3) as provides that proceedings in respect of causes of action in tort which by virtue of that section survive against the estate of a deceased person are not to be maintainable unless the cause of action arose not earlier than six months before the death of the deceased is hereby repealed.

5. —(1) This Act shall bind the Crown.

(2) Section eight of the Maritime Conventions Act, 1911 (which relates to the limitation of actions in respect of damage or loss caused to or by vessels and the limitation of actions in respect of salvage services) shall apply in the case of all Her Majesty’s ships as it applies in the case of other ships, and accordingly.

1954

Law Reform (Limitation of

Actions, &c.) Act, 1954

Ch. 36

121

in subsection (1) of section thirty of the Crown Proceedings Act, 1947, the words " except in the case of proceedings in respect of any alleged fault of a ship of war or a ship for the time being appropriated to the service of the armed forces of the Crown or to the service of the Post Office " are hereby repealed.

(3) No proceedings shall lie against the Crown under subsection

(2) of section nine of the Crown Proceedings Act, 1947 (which authorises the taking of proceedings against die Crown in respect of loss of or damage to registered inland postal packets) unless the proceedings are begun within the twelve months beginning with the date on which the packet in question was posted.

(4) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland, the references therein to subsection (1) of section thirty and subsection

(2) of section nine of the Crown Proceedings Act, 1947, shall be construed as references to those subsections as they apply in Northern Ireland in relation to Her Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom.

6.—(1) No action of damages where the damages claimed Further consist of or include damages or solatium in respect of provisions as personal injuries to any person shall be brought in Scotland against any person unless it is commenced— ScoSmd* m

(a) in the case of an action brought by or on behalf of a person in respect of injuries sustained by that person, before the expiration of three years from the date of the act, neglect or default giving rise to the action or, where such act, neglect or default was a continuing one, from the date on which the act, neglect or default ceased;

(b) in the case of an action brought by or on behalf of a person to whom a right of action has accrued on the death of another person in consequence of injuries sustained by that other person, before the expiration of three years from the date of that death:

Provided that for the purposes of paragraph (b) of this subsection a right of action shall be deemed not to have accrued to a person on the death of another person by whom injuries have been sustained if that other person or someone on his behalf was not, immediately before his death, himself entitled to bring an action in respect of the injuries.

(2) If on the date when any right of action accrued for which a period of limitation is prescribed by the foregoing subsection the person to whom it accrued was under legal disability by reason of pupilarity or minority or of unsoundness of mind and was not in the custody of a parent, the action may be brought at any time before the expiration of three years from the date when the person ceased to be under disability, notwithstanding that the period of limitation has expired.

For the purposes of this subsection "parent" includes a step-parent and a'grand-parent and in deducing any relationship

122

Cft.

Transitional

provisions.

Short title, extent and repeals.

C of 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

AC <fec.) 4cr, 1954

an illegitimate person and a person adopted in pursuance of any enactment shall be treated as the legitimate child of his mother or, as the case may be, of his adoptor.

(3) In this section the expression " personal injuries " includes any disease and any impairment of a person’s physical or mental condition.

(4) In addition to the enactments specified in section one of this Act, the following enactments (being enactments providing special periods of limitation in Scotland for certain legal proceedings against public authorities) that is to say—

(a) section four of the Malicious Damage Act, 1812, and section three of the Malicious Damage (Scotland) Act, 1816, in so far as they limit the period within which proceedings may be commenced;

0 b) section fifteen of the Riotous Assemblies (Scotland) Act, 1822;

(c) section one hundred and sixty-six of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, in so far as it limits the period within which proceedings may be commenced; and

() section seventy of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, in so far as it limits the period within which proceedings may be commenced,

are hereby repealed.

7. —(1) The time for bringing proceedings in respect of a cause of action which arose before the passing of this Act shall, if it has not then already expired, expire at the time when it would have expired apart from the provisions of this Act or at the time when it would have expired if all the provisions of this Act had at all material times been in force, whichever is the later.

(2) The repeal effected by this Act in subsection (3) of section one of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1934, shall, in the case of a person dying after the passing of this Act, apply as well in relation to causes of action arising before, as in relation to causes of action arising after, the passing thereof.

(3) Save as aforesaid, nothing in this Act shall affect any action or proceeding if the cause of action arose before the passing thereof. 8

8. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Law Reform (Limitation of Actions, &c.) Act, 1954.

(2) Section five of this Act, and so much of this Act as repeals provisions of the Army Act and the Air Force Act, extend to Northern Ireland, but, save as aforesaid, this Act extends to Great Britain only.

(3) The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

1954

Ch. 36

123

Law Reform ( L of

Actions, Ac.) , 1954

SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

52 Geo. 3. c. The Malicious Damage In section four, from the words

130. Actf 1812. "Provided also that* to the

56 Geo. 3. c. The Malicious Damage words " after such offence shall be committed *. In section three, from the words

125. (Scotland) Act, 1816. "Provided also that* to the

3 Geo. 4. c. 33 The Riotous Assemblies words " after such offence shall be committed *. Section fifteen.

44 & 45 Vict (Scotland) Act, 1822. The Army Act Subsections (1) and (2) of section

c. 58. one hundred and seventy.

56 & 57 Vict. The Public Authorities The whole Act.

c. 61. Protection Act, 1893.

60 & 61 Vict. The Public Health In section one hundred and sixty-

c. 38. (Scotland) Act, 1897. six, from the words " and every

7 A 8 Geo. 5. The Air Force Act ... action* to the words "shall have arisen *. Subsections (1) and (2) of section

24 A 25 Geo. 5. The Law Reform (Mis- one hundred and seventy. In paragraph (b) of subsection (3)

c. 41. cellaneous Provisions) of section one, the words " the

Act, 1934. cause of action arose not earlier

2 A 3 Geo. 6. The Limitation Act, than six months before his death and *. Section twenty-one; in section

c. 21. 1939. twenty-two, the words "or in

9 A10 Geo. 6. The Coal Industry the case of actions to which the last foregoing section applies, one year * and paragraph () of the proviso; and the proviso to section thirty-two. Subsections (1) and (2) of section

c. 59. Nationalisation Act, forty-nine.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. 1946. The New Towns Act, Section seventeen.

c. 68. 1946.

10 A11 Geo. 6. The National Health In section seventy, paragraph (6).

c. 27. Service (Scotland) Act,

lOAllGeo. 6. 1947. The Crown Proceedings In subsection (1) of section thirty.

c. 44. Act, 1947. from the words " except in the

10 A11 Geo. 6. The Transport Act, case of* to the words "the service of the Post Office ", subsection (2) of that section, and section forty-eight. Section eleven.

c.49. 1947.

10 A11 Geo. 6. The Electricity Act, Section twelve.

c. 54. 1947.

11A12 Geo. 6. The Gas Act, 1948 ... Section fourteen.

c. 67. 2 A 3 Eliz. 2. The Air Corporations Section three.

a 7. Act, 1953.

ten

Section 8.

124

Ch. 36, 37

Law Reform (Limitation of 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Actions, dc.) /Icf, 1954

Pension for service as president of industrial court.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c.69.

Table of Statutes referred to in this .

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Malicious Damage Act, 1812

Malicious Damage (Scotland) Act, 1816... Riotous Assemblies (Scotland) Act, 1822...

Fatal Accidents Act, 1846

Army Act

Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893... Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897 Maritime Conventions Act, 1911

Air Force Act

Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions)

Act, 1934

Limitation Act, 1939

Coal Industry Nationalisation Act, 1946

New Towns Act, 1946

National Health Service (Scotland) Act,

1947

Crown Proceedings Act, 1947

Transport Act, 1947

Electricity Act, 1947

Gas Act, 1948

Visiting Forces Act, 1952

Air Corporations Act, 1953

52 Geo. 3. c. 130.

56 Geo. 3. c. 125.

3 Geo. 4. c. 33.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 93.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 61.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 38.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 57.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 41.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 21.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 59.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 68.

10 All Geo. 6. c. 27.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 44.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 49.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 54.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 67.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 1 c. 67.

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 7.

CHAPTER 37

An Act to provide for pensions and other superannuation benefits in respect of service as president of the Industrial Court.

[4th June, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Minister of Labour and National Service (hereinafter referred to as " the Minister ") may from time to time make to the Treasury, as respects any holder of the office of president of the Industrial Court constituted under the Industrial Courts Act, 1919, a recommendation that the Treasury shall pay to him an annual sum by way of superannuation allowance on his retirement after not less than five years’ relevant service:

Provided that no such allowance shall be payable if the person to whom the recommendation relates (hereinafter referred to as "the pensioner") retires before attaining the age of sixty-five

1954

Superannuation

(President of Industrial Court) , 1954

Ch. 37

125

years unless either his appointment has been terminated on the ground that he has become incapable, owing to infirmity of mind or body, of the efficient discharge of his duties or he has resigned bis appointment on that ground and the Minister is satisfied by means of a medical certificate both of his incapacity and that it is likely to be permanent.

(2) The said annual sum shall be a sum not exceeding the proportion of the pensioner’s last annual salary which in the table set out in the Schedule to this Act corresponds with the number of the pensioner’s completed years of relevant service.

(3) In this section the expression " relevant service " means service as president of the Industrial Court or service reckonable for any pension, superannuation or other retiring allowance, or gratuity, being service in any such other capacity under the Crown as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Treasury; and regulations under this subsection—

(a) may be made generally or subject to specified exceptions or in relation to specified cases or classes of case;

(b) may provide that in calculating relevant service either the whole of a person’s prescribed service of any description shall be taken into account or such part thereof only as may be determined by or under the regulations;

(c) may make different provision for different cases or classes

of case.

(4) The power to make regulations conferred by the last foregoing subsection shall be exercisable by statutoty instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(5) The decision of the Treasury shall be final on any question arising as to—

(a) the amount of any superannuation allowance under this

section, and

(b) the reckoning of any service for the purpose of calculating

such an allowance.

2. Sections two to eight of the Administration of Justice Application of (Pensions) Act, 1950 (which provide for the payment of lump 14 & 15 Geo. 6. sums on retirement or death and of widows’ and children’sc-11 • pensions in the case of persons eligible for pensions for service in any of the capacities listed in the First Schedule to that Act) shall have effect as if—

(a) the capacity of president of the Industrial Court were listed in the First Schedule to that Act, and

126

Ch. 37

Superannuation 2 & 3 Buz. 2

(President of Industrial Court) , 1954

Transitional

provision.

Benefits to be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Short title.

Section 1.

(b) in relation to that capacity the expression " relevant service " in the said provisions of the said Act of 1950 had the same meaning as in the foregoing section.

3. For the purposes of section one of this Act and of sections two to eight of the Administration of Justice (Pensions) Act, 1950, as they apply to the person who is president of the Industrial Court at die commencement of this Act, that person’s last annual salary shall if the Treasury so direct be deemed not to exceed such amount as may be specified in the direction.

4. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) the amount of any superannuation allowance under

section one of this Act;

(b) any increase attributable to section two of this Act in the

sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament under paragraph 1 of the Third Schedule to the Administration of Justice (Pensions) Act, 1950 (which paragraph provides for the payment out of such moneys of lump sums and widows’ and children’s pensions under that Act).

5. This Act may be cited as the Superannuation (President of Industrial Court) Act, 1954.

SCHEDULE

Computation of Maximum Amount of Pension

Years of relevant service

5

6

7

8 9

10

11

12

13

14

15 or more

Fraction of salary

Ten-fortieths

Eleven-fortieths

Twelve-fortieths

Thirteen-fortieths

Fourteen-fortieths

Fifteen-fortieths

Sixteen-fortieths

Seventeen-fortieths

Eighteen-fortieths

N ineteen-fortieths

Twenty-fortieths.

1954

Supreme Court Officers

(Pensions) Act, 1954

Ch. 38

127

CHAPTER 38

Supreme Court Officers (Pensions) , 1954 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Pensions of official referees.

2. Judges* secretaries and clerks in England.

3. Provision for payment of salaries and gratuities of unestablished officers

of Supreme Court in England.

4. Tipstaves and lunacy officers in Northern Ireland.

3. Expenses.

6. Short title and repeal.

Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to improve the pension rights of official referees, to confer pension rights on certain officers attached to Judges of the Supreme Court in England, or of the Supreme Court in Northern Ireland, and on persons employed in the lunacy office in Northern Ireland, to amend the law with respect to the appointment and conditions of employment of the said officers and to modify certain enactments making the salary and pension rights of officers of those courts depend on their appointment with a certificate from tue Civil Service Commissioners.

[4th June, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the superannuation allowance which may be granted to a person on retirement after the commencement of this Act from the office of official referee shall be calculated in accordance with the next following subsection, instead of Part m of the Third Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925; and the Administration of Justice (Pensions) Act, 1950, shall have effect accordingly whether in relation to a person so retiring or in relation to a person who dies after the commencement of this Act while serving in that office.

(2) An annual allowance not exceeding ten-fortieths of the last annual salary may be granted after the completion of a period of service of five years; and, where the period of service completed exceeds five years, there may be granted an annual allowance not exceeding ten-fortieths of the last annual salary with an addition

Pensions of

official

referees.

m

Ch. 1%

2 & 3 B2

Judges’

secretaries

and clerks in England.

Court Officers

tensions) Act, 1954

of one-fortieth of that Salary for each completed year’s service in excess of five, but so that the maximum allowance shall be one half of that salary.

The foregoing provisions of this subsection give the amount of the allowance as reduced under the said Act of 1950 and, where it is not to be so reduced, ten-thirtieths, one-thirtieth and two-thirds of the last annual salary shall be substituted for ten-fortieths, one-fortieth and one half.

(3) For the purpose of computing the superannuation allowance for which a person becomes eligible under the last foregoing subsection (or, in the case of a person dying in office, the superannuation allowance for which he would have become eligible under that subsection if he had retired on the ground of permanent infirmity immediately before his death), no account shall be taken of service in any office specified in Part I of the Third Schedule to the said Act of 1925 other than the office of official referee.

(4) Where a superannuation allowance computed in accordance with the two last foregoing subsections would be less than one computed in accordance with Part III of the Third Schedule to the said Act of 1925, the foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply.

(5) In the case of a person serving in the office of judge of county courts immediately before his appointment as official referee, his service in that office shall be taken into account for the purpose aforesaid, and be treated as relevant service for the purposes of the said Act of 1950, unless an allowance has been granted in respect of that service under section nine of the County Courts Act, 1934; and, in the case of such a person, service in any office specified in Part I of the Third Schedule to the said Act of 1925, other than the office of official referee, shall not be treated as relevant service for the purposes of the said Act of 1950, and the last foregoing subsection shall not apply.

(6) This section shall be deemed to have had effect from the beginning of the year nineteen hundred and fifty-four, and shall apply to any person who has retired from or died while serving in the office of official referee between the end of the year nineteen hundred and fifty-three and the commencement of this Act as it applies to a person doing so after the commencement of this Act

2.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect in place of section one hundred and twenty-one of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 (which provides for the Lord Chief Justice and the Master of the Rolls each to have a secretary and a clerk, and each of the other judges of the High Court and the Lords Justices of Appeal a clerk, appointed by themselves).

1954

Supreme Court Officers

(Pensions) Act, 1954

Ch. 38

129

(2) A secretary and a clerk shall be attached to each of the Lord Chief Justice, the Master of the Rolls and the President of the Probate, Divorce and Admiralty Division, and a clerk to each of the other judges of the High Court and to each of the Lords Justices of Appeal.

(3) Subject to subsections (5) and (7) of this section, any secretary or clerk so attached shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor, and shall as such be an officer of the Supreme Court.

(4) Subject to subsection (6) of this section, the employment of a secretary or clerk appointed under this section shall be deemed for all purposes employment in the civil service of the State.

(5) If at any time it appears to the Lord Chief Justice, the Master of the Rolls or the President of the Probate, Divorce and Admiralty Division, that his secretary should be employed part-time only, but have legal qualifications, and the Lord Chancellor agrees to the making of the appointment under this subsection, a barrister or solicitor may be appointed accordingly by the judge in question, instead of by the Lord Chancellor.

(6) A secretary appointed under subsection (5) of this section by the Lord Chief Justice, the Master of the Rolls or the President of the Probate, Divorce and Admiralty Division shall be removable by him at his pleasure, and section one hundred and twenty of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 (which prohibits officers of the Supreme Court from practising as barristers or solicitors), shall not apply to a secretary so appointed, nor shall his employment be deemed to be employment in the civil service of the State.

(7) The persons who, at the commencement of this Act, are, or are acting as, secretary to the Lord Chief Justice, the Master of the Rolls or the President of the Probate, Divorce or Admiralty Division, or clerk to any judge of the High Court or Lord Justice of Appeal, shall be deemed to have been appointed secretary or clerk under subsection (3) or, in the case of a barrister or solicitor who is or is acting as part-time secretary, subsection (5) of this section; and for the purposes of the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1950, their employment before the commencement of this Act as, or to act as, such a secretary or clerk shall (except in the case of a barrister or solicitor’s employment as or to act as part-time secretary) be treated as having been employment in the civil service of the State.

(8) There may be paid to or in respect of any person who, at the beginning of the year nineteen hundred and fifty-four was, or was acting as, secretary to the Lord Chief Justice, the Master of the Rolls or the President of the Probate, Divorce or Admiralty Division, or clerk to any judge of the High Court or Lord Justice

E

CH.i%

130

Provision for payment of salaries and gratuities to unestablished officers of Supreme Court in England.

Tipstaves and lunacy officers in Northern

Ireland.

eme Court Officers 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Pensions) Act, 1954

of Appeal, but is not at the commencement of this Act, any such benefits under the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1950, as would have been payable to or in respect of him by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section, if this Act had come into force at the beginning of that year.

3. —(1) Subsection (1) of section one hundred and nineteen of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 (which provides that, subject to exceptions, an officer of the Supreme Court shall not be entitled to a pension or salary unless admitted to his office with a certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners),—

(a) so far as it relates to salary, shall cease to have effect; and

(b) so far as it relates to pension, shall not apply to payments which may, under the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1950, be made otherwise than in respect of a person’s employment in an established capacity.

(2) In subsection (1) of section one hundred and nine A of the said Act of 1925 (which was inserted by the Administration of Justice Act, 1928, and relates to the superannuation allowances of clerks in district probate registries) the words from " and if a certificate has been issued to him by the Civil Service Commissioners " onwards shall be omitted.

(3) No payment made before the commencement of this Act shall be deemed to have been made improperly, if it would have been properly made had this section been in force at the time.

4. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in sections seventy-three and seventy-six of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877,—

(a) the tipstaves attached to the judges of the Supreme Court

of Northern Ireland shall be appointed by the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland, and shall be removable by him; and

(b) for the purposes of the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to

1950, a person’s employment as such a tipstaff (including any such employment before the commencement of this Act of a person serving at that commencement as such a tipstaff or otherwise as an officer of the court) shall be treated as employment in the civil service of the State, and shall be treated as employment in an established or an unestablished capacity according to the rules ordinarily applicable to such employment.

A person employed as such a tipstaff at the commencement of this Act shall continue in office as if appointed in accordance with this subsection.

1954

Supreme Court Officers

(Pensions) Act, 1954

Ch. 38

131

(2) Section seventy-six of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877 (which relates to salaries and pensions of officers of the Supreme Court of Northern Ireland), except in so far as it relates to salary, shall apply to the registrar in lunacy and to the officers and clerks employed in the lunacy office in Northern Ireland as it applies to officers of that court, and a person’s employment as registrar in lunacy or as an officer or clerk in the lunacy office (including any such employment before the commencement of this Act of a person serving at that commencement as such registrar, officer or clerk or as an officer of the said court) shall be treated for the purposes of that section as if it were employment as an officer of the said court.

(3) There may be paid to or in respect of any person who, at the beginning of the year nineteen hundred and fifty-four, was serving as a tipstaff attached to a judge of the Supreme Court of Northern Ireland, or was serving as registrar in lunacy or officer or clerk in the lunacy office in Northern Ireland, but who is not serving in that capacity at the commencement of this Act, any such benefits under the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1950, as would have been payable to or in respect of him by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section, if this Act had come into force at the beginning of that year.

(4) The expression " civil servant " in the Superannuation Act, 1949 (winch relates to widows’ pensions, etc.), shall include, and be deemed always to have included, any officer serving in a capacity in which he is eligible for a superannuation allowance by virtue of section seventy-six of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877, notwithstanding that he does not hold his appointment directly from the Crown and has not been admitted into the civil service with a certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners; and references in the said Act of 1949 to persons ceasing to be civil servants, to persons retiring from being civil servants and to retired civil servants shall be construed accordingly

5. —(1) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parlia- Expenses, ment any increase attributable to this Act in the salaries so payable under Part V of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925, or in the pensions and other benefits

so payable under the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1950, or the Administration of Justice (Pensions) Act, 1950.

(2) There shall be paid into the Exchequer any increase attributable to this Act in the sums which fall to be so paid under the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1950.

6. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Supreme Court Officers Short title and

(Pensions) Act, 1954. repeal.

(2) The enactments specified in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

132

Section 6.

prone Court Officers

(Pensions) Act, 1954

SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

c. 49.

The Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 26.

The Administration of Justice Act, 1928.

1 Edw. 8 and 1 Geo. 6. c. 35.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 67.

The Statutory Salaries Act, 1937.

The Supreme Court of Judicature (Amend-ment) Act, 1938.

In subsection (2) of section one hundred and nine, the proviso from "and notwithstanding" onwards; subsection (1) of section one hundred and nine A from " and " onwards; in section one hundred and nineteen, in subsection (1) the words from "or if" to "this Act" where next occurring, and subsection (3); section one hundred and twenty-one; subsection (2) of section one hundred and twenty-eight A from "and" onwards.

In section one, subsection (3) and in subsection (4) the words " and a person so appointed shall be entitled to a salary under this Part of this Act, notwithstanding that he has been admitted to his office without a certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners"; section three from " and notwithstanding " onwards; section four from " and if a certificate" to "of the certificate ".

Subsection (2) of section two; in the Second Schedule, the entry relating to the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Section four from " and any increase " onwards.

009

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877 Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925 Administration of Justice Act, 1928 County Courts Act, 1934 Superannuation Act, 1949 Administration of Justice (Pensions) Act, 1950 40 & 41 Vict. c. 57. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 49. 18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 26. 24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 53. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 44. 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 11.

1954 Agriculture ( MCh. 39

Provisions) , 1954

CHAPTER 39

Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

Section ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

1 • Continuation of grants for drainage and water supply.

2. Continuation of contributions for liming.

3. Amendments as to smallholdings in England and Wales.

4. Appointment of nominated members of Agricultural Land Tribunal.

5. Power of Agricultural Land Tribunal to award costs.

6. Power of Agricultural Land Tribunal to refer questions of law to

High Court.

7. Amendment as to operation of notice to quit agricultural holding.

8. Cost of programmes of research and education in sugar beet growing.

9. Collection of kitchen waste etc. for animal feeding stuffs in England and

Wales.

10. Prevention of bee diseases (control of importation).

11. Adaptation to air transport of Diseases of Animals Act, 1950.

12. Amendment of Seeds Act, 1920.

13. Fixing of minimum rates of wages for certain classes of persons

temporarily employed in agriculture in Scotland.

14. Extension of Com Returns Act, 1882, to Scotland.

15. Construction of references to enactments.

16. Application to Northern Ireland.

17. Short title and repeal.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Agricultural Land Tribunals (revised provision for appointment of nominated members).

Second Schedule—Adaptations of Diseases of Animals Act, 1950, to air transport.

Third Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to continue the power to make grants or contributions in respect of field drainage, liming and other matters; to amend Part IV of the Agriculture Act, 1947, with respect to the holdings to be treated as smallholdings, and to the contributions to losses of smallholdings authorities; to alter the maimer of appointing nominated members of Agricultural Land Tribunals, and enable those Tribunals to award costs and to refer questions of law to the High Court; to amend the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1948, with respect to the operation of certain notices to quit; to make further provision with respect to research and education in sugar beet growing, to the collection of waste for use as animal feeding stuffs, to preventing the spread of pests and diseases by imported bees and to the application of the Diseases of Animals Act, 1950, to air transport; to amend the Seeds Act, 1920, with respect to the consequences of contraventions of that Act, and to the delivery and effect of particulars given thereunder; to amend the law as to agricultural wages of holiday workers in Scotland; and to extend the Corn Returns Act, 1882, to Scotland.

[4th June, 1954]

134

Ch. 39

Continuation of grants for drainage and water supply.

Continuation

of

contributions for liming.

Amendments as to

smallholdings in England and Wales.

Agriculture ( M

Provisions) Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Section ninety-six of the Agriculture Act, 1947, shall cease to have effect in so far as it limits the period during which application must be made for the approval of a scheme under section fifteen of the Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940 (under which grants may be made by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries towards the cost of approved schemes for field drainage or the improvement of ditches or for the supply of water to agricultural land).

2. —(1) The period during which any cost must have been incurred in order that contributions may be payable in respect of it under section one of the Agriculture Act, 1937 (which, as amended by section ninety-seven of the Agriculture Act, 1947, provides for contributions out of moneys provided by Parliament to be made in accordance with a scheme known as the Agricultural Lime Scheme towards the cost of liming agricultural land).—

(a) is hereby extended until the end of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-nine; and

(b) may from time to time be extended by a further five years by order made with the approval of the Treasury by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and the two Secretaries of State respectively concerned with agriculture in Scotland and Northern Ireland.

(2) The power to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, of which a draft shall be laid before Parliament, and no such order shall be made unless the draft has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

3. —(1) The expression " smallholding " in Part IV of the Agriculture Act, 1947 (which relates to the provision of smallholdings in England and Wales by local authorities and the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries), shall cease to include holdings of which the area exceeds fifty acres; but (if it is used or intended to be used for agriculture within the meaning of the said Act) any holding which before the commencement of this Act was provided as a smallholding for the purposes of the Smallholdings and Allotments Acts, 1908 to 1931, or the said Part IV, whether or not it was or continues to be a smallholding as defined for those purposes, and any holding provided by virtue of the next following subsection, shall be treated as a smallholding for the purposes of the said Part IV.

1954 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Ch. 39 135

Provisions) Act, 1954

(2) A holding of any area exceeding fifty acres may be provided as a smallholding under Part IV of the Agriculture Act,

1947, if, in the case of a holding provided by a smallholdings authority, the authority and the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries are satisfied that in the circumstances of the case a holding of a smaller area would either—

(a) not provide a full time occupation and a reasonable livelihood for the occupier; or

(b) not be in the interests of good estate management;

or if, in the case of a holding provided by the Minister under section fifty-six of the Act, he is satisfied as aforesaid; and, where the Minister gives a smallholdings authority directions under subsection (4) of section fifty of the Act requiring the authority to alto the size or lay-out of any existing smallholdings provided by the authority, die directions may provide for a holding of any area exceeding fifty acres if die Minister is satisfied as aforesaid.

(3) In determining the contribution which, under section fifty-eight of the Agriculture Act, 1947, the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries may make for any year to a smallholdings authority in respect of a loss incurred by the authority in carrying out proposals formulated by them, the authority’s expenditure referred to in subsection (3) of that section, in so far as it consists of the payment of interest or sinking fund charges on borrowed moneys, shall be calculated by reference to such rate of interest as may be prescribed by regulations under subsection (7) of the section, instead of by reference to the rate allowed for in the estimates approved by the Minister in relation to the proposals.

(4) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament arty increase attributable to this section in the expenses of the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries under Part IV of the Agriculture Act, 1947, and there shall be paid into the Exchequer any increase attributable to subsection (1) or (2) of this section in the sums received by or on behalf of the Minister under the said Part IV.

4,—(1) There shall be substituted for paragraph 15 of the Appointment Ninth Schedule to the Agriculture Act, 1947 (which provides of nominated for the appointment of the nominated members of an Agricultural membas of Land Tribunal by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries), LSdTHbmai die paragraph set out in the First Schedule to this Act:

Provided that this section shall not have effect in relation lo any reference to an Agricultural Land Tribunal for which

136 Ch. 39 Agriculture ( 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Provisions) , 1954

the nominated members of the Tribunal have, before this section comes into force, been appointed in accordance with the said Ninth Schedule as originally enacted.

(2) This section shall come into force on such date as the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries may appoint by order made by statutory instrument.

Power of 5.—(1) An Agricultural Land Tribunal, where it appears

A»ncrttural to them that any person concerned in a reference to them ^nc^u^nS any Minister of the Crown or Government department ‘ so concerned) has acted frivolously, vexatiously or oppressively in applying for or in connection with the reference, may order that person to pay to any other peroon either a specified sum in respect of the costs incurred by him at or with a view to die hearing or the taxed amount of those costs; and an order may be made under this subsection whether or not the reference proceeds to a hearing.

(2) Any costs required by an order under this section to be taxed may be taxed in the county oourt according to such of the scales prescribed by county court rules for proceedings in the county court as may be directed by the order or, if die order gives no direction, by the county court.

(3) Any sum payable by virtue of an order of an Agricultural Land Tribunal under this section shall, if the county court so orders, be recoverable by execution issued from the county court or otherwise as if payable under an order of that court; and, subject to county court rules, an application for an order of the county court under this subsection may be made ex parte.

(4) The powers of the county court under this section may be exercised by the registrar.

Power of Agricultural Land Tribunal to refer questions of law to High Court.

6.—(1) Any question of law arising in the course of proceedings before an Agricultural Land Tribunal may, at the request of any party to the proceedings, be referred by the Tribunal to the High Court for decision, whether before or after the Tribunal have given their decision in the proceedings.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, if an Agricultural Land Tribunal, after giving their decision in any proceedings, refuse any such request to refer a question to the High Court under this section, any person aggrieved by the refusal may apply to the High Court for an order directing them to do sc.

(3) The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries shall be endued to appear and be heard on any reference to the High Court under this section and on any application to the High Comt thereunder, whether made by him or not.

1954 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Ch. 39 137

Provisions) Act, 1954

(4) Provision shall be made by order under subsection (3) of section seventy-three of the Agriculture Act, 1947 (which relates to the procedure of Agricultural Land Tribunals), for limiting the time for requesting a Tribunal to refer a question to the High Court under this section, and for requiring notice to be given to a Tribunal within a time limited by the order of any intended application to the High Court under this section; and provision shall be made by rules of court for limiting the time for instituting proceedings in die High Court under subsection (2) of this section.

(5) Where, after an Agricultural Land Tribunal have given their decision in any tproceedings, they refer a question to the High Court under this section, or receive notice of an intended application to the High Court for an order directing them to do 90, effect shall not be given to the Tribunal’s decision unless and until the Tribunal otherwise order after the proceedings in die High Court and any proceedings arising therefrom have been concluded (or the right to take or continue any such proceedings has lapsed); and any such order of the Tribunal shall, where necessary, modify their decision so as to give effect to the decision on any reference to the High Court and, in a case relating to a notice to quit, may postpone (or further postpone) die date at which the tenancy is to be terminated by the notice, if it has effect

(6) The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries may, by order under subsection (3) of section seventy-three of the Agriculture Act, 1947, make such (provision as he thinks necessary or expedient for enabling the chairman of an Agricultural Land Tribunal to exercise all or any of the Tribunal’s powers under the last foregoing subsection, and for regulating any proceedings

! before an Agricultural Land Tribunal which are consequent on the reference of any question to the High Court under this section or on the decision on such a reference, and enabling any such proceedings to be dealt with by an Agricultural Land Tribunal constituted for the purpose, where they cannot conveniently be dealt with by the Tribunal originally constituted for the purpose of the proceedings in the course of which the question arose.

(7) This section shall come into force on such date as the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries may appoint by order made by statutory instrument

7«—(1) The Agricultural Holdings Act 1948, shall have Amendment as effect as if in paragraph (g) of subsection (2) of section twenty- to operation four (by virtue of which fie consent of the Minister of Agricul- °°"oe ture and Fisheries to a notice to quit cannot be required under f^JJitural subsection (1) of the section if the notice is given within three holding, mouths after, and by reason of, the death of the tenant with

E*

A

m

AgH??e ( M2 & 3 Eliz. 2 felons) Acu 1954

whom the contract of tenancy was made), the reference to the tenant with whom the contract of tenancy was made were, in a case where the contract was made with two or more tenants jointly, a reference to the survivor or last survivor of them.

(2) This section shall apply to any notice to quit given after the commencement of this Act.

Cost of 8.—(1) As respects the year beginning with the first day of

of April next after the passing of this Act or any subsequent year, in the maximum contribution to be made by any grower of sugar sagaTbeet beet in Great Britain or by the British Sugar Corporation Limited

growing. towards expenditure incurred in carrying out a programme of research and education under section six of the Sugar Industry Act, 1942, shall beta) in the case of a grower, threepence or such larger sum as may be prescribed for every ton of sugar beet grown in Great Britain sold by him for delivery to the Corporation in that year (instead of one penny for every ton so sold); and

(b) in the case of the Corporation, threepence or such larger sum as may be prescribed for every ton of sugar beet grown in Great Britain sold for delivery to them in that year (instead of a sum based on the quantity of sugar manufactured or refined by them).

(2) In the foregoing subsection "prescribed" means prescribed by order of the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and the Secretary of State.

(3) Any order of the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and the Secretary of State under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made by them.

(4) The power to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, of which a draft shall be laid before Parliament, and no such order shall be made unless the draft has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament

Collection of 9.—(1) A local authority in England or Wales may, whether

kitchen waste in the discharge of their functions as to the removal of house or !££?tra<*c refuse or otherwise, collect kitchen or other waste in their

inj&gand area for use as animal feeding stuffs, with or without processing.

and Wales. (2) An authority collecting waste under this section may agree to .pay for waste saved for collection by them, may process the waste they collect, and may sell it processed or unprocessed; and, if they process it, they may acquire other materials for processing with it, including kitchen or other waste collected by any other local authority or person.

1954 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Ch. 39 139

Provisions) Act, 1954

(3) Without prejudice to any other power of combination, any two or more local authorities may by agreement combine for the purpose of collecting waste under this section or processing waste so collected; and a local authority collecting waste under this section in their area may, with the agreement of any other local authority, do it also in the area of that other authority.

(4) A local authority collecting waste under this section may provide receptacles in which the waste may be deposited for collection, and may place any receptacles so provided in any street or public place.

(5) If a person wilfully deposits in any receptacle provided under the last foregoing subsection, or otherwise used for the deposit of waste to be collected under this section, anything which he knows or has reasonable cause to believe to be unsuitable for use as animal feeding stuffs, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds; and if any person (other than a person employed in connection with the local authority’s collection of the waste) removes the whole or part of the contents of any such receptacle when placed in a street or public place or set out for the purpose of its contents being removed under this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds or, if he has been previously convicted of the like offence, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(6) A local authority may make byelaws regulating in their area or any part of it the collection of kitchen or other waste for use as animal feeding stuffs and the carriage of waste so collected (whether there or elsewhere), and in particular for securing the use of suitable times, routes, vehicles and receptacles; and the fines which may be imposed by the byelaws on persons offending against them may be of an amount not exceeding ten pounds, with, in the case of a continuing offence, a further sum not exceeding forty shillings for each day during which the offence continues after conviction therefor.

Bye-laws made under this subsection shall require confirmation of the Minister of Housing and Local Government.

(7) Proceedings in respect of an offence created by or under

I this section shall not be taken by any person other than (he j local authority in whose area the offence is alleged to have

| been committed, unless taken by or with the consent of the

! Director of Public Prosecutions:

Provided that, where a local authority collects waste under this section outside their area, they may without the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions take proceedings in respect of an offence under subsection (5) of this section alleged to have I been committed at any place within the limits of their collection.

E* 2

140

Ch. 39

Prevention of bee diseases (control of importations).

Agriculture (M2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Provisions) , 1954

(8) Nothing in this section shall be taken as authorising anything to be used unprocessed as animal feeding stuffs where processing is required by or under any other enactment

(9) In this section the expression " local authority " means the council of a borough, urban district or rural district or an authority which is a sanitary authority for the purposes of the Public Health (London) Act, 1936.

(10) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to this section in the sums so payable under Part I of the Local Government Act, 1948, or under the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954.

10.—(1) For the purpose of preventing the spread of pests or diseases among bees, provision may be made by an order under this section for prohibiting the importation of bees into Great Britain—

(a) where they originate in or are consigned from a particu-

lar country or part of a country; or

(b) where they are not accompanied by a certificate, satisfy-

ing the requirements of the order, of freedom from infection or exposure to infection; or

(c) where the importation otherwise fails to comply with

the requirements of the order, including in particular any requirements as to the type or construction of the hives or containers used for importing bees.

(2) The Minister or any authorised person may license any importation which would otherwise be prohibited under this section, either unconditionally or subject to conditions imposed by the licence; and a licence under this subsection may be given on, as well as before, importation.

(3) Any authorised person may examine any bees imported into Great Britain and their combs, if any, and may take samples of them, in order to see if they are free from infection.

(4) Where a consignment of bees imported into Great Britain, or any part of such a consignment, is found to be infected with any pest or disease specified in that behalf by an order under this section, any authorised person may destroy by such means as he thinks fit the consignment (including any combs and any hives or containers) or such part of it as he thinks necessary, or cause it to be so destroyed, and may disinfect or cause to be disinfected by such means as he thinks fit all or any of the hives or containers not so destroyed.

(5) Without prejudice to the last foregoing subsection, where any bees are imported into Great Britain in contravention of this section, any authorised person may destroy the bees, together

1954 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Ch. 39 141

Provisions) Act, 1954

with their combs (if any) and hives or containers, by such means as he thinks fit, or cause them to be so destroyed, and may do so with or without first allowing an opportunity for them to be re-exported.

(6) No compensation shall be payable in respect of any exercise of the powers conferred by the three last foregoing subsections.

(7) Any person who imports bees into Great Britain in contravention of an order under this section, or who fails to observe any condition imposed by a licence under this section, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(8) An order under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order thereunder.

(9) Any expenses of the Minister under this section shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(10) The power to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and the Secretary of State jointly, and shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment by resolution of either House of Parliament.

(11) In this section—

(a) "the Minister’' means, in relation to England and

Wales, the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and,

in relation to Scotland, the Secretary of State;

(b) " bees " means honey bees, and includes such bees in

any stage of their life cycle;

(c) " authorised person " means a person generally or

specially authorised in writing by the Minister.

(12) No limitation on the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland imposed by the Government of Ireland Act,

1920, shall apply to preclude that Parliament from enacting provisions corresponding to this section.

11.—(1) The Diseases of Animals Act, 1950 (which includes Adaptation to provision for regulating the import, export and movement of a?^?n8porlf animals by sea or by inland waters, and similar matters), shall apply in relation to aircraft and aerodromes, and to shipment 1950. in or landing from aircraft, as it applies in relation to vessels and ports, and to shipment in and landing or disembarking from vessels, but with the adaptations provided for by the Second Schedule to this Act.

142 Agriculture (.2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Provisions) Act, 1954

There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to this section in the sums so payable under Part I of the Local Government Act, 1948, or under the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954.

(3) In this section, and in the Second Schedule to this Act, the expression " aerodrome " means any area of land or water designed, equipped, set apart or commonly used for affording facilities for the landing and departure of aircraft.

(4) No limitation on the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland imposed by the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, shall apply to preclude that Parliament from enacting provisions corresponding to this section.

Amendment 12.—(1) The validity of a contract for the sale of seeds or seed

1920 * * potatoes* or the right to enforce such a contract, shall not be affected by any contravention of or non-compliance with section one of the Seeds Act, 1920 (which requires certain particulars to be delivered on the sale of seeds and seed potatoes), or by any other illegality under that Act in the performance of the contract.

(2) In subsection (1) of section one of the Seeds Act, 1920, for the words " on or before the sale, or if the goods are not delivered at the time of sale, on or before delivery thereof," there shall be substituted the words " not later than seven days after the sale, or if die goods are not delivered at the time of sale, not later than seven days after the delivery thereof,".

(3) In subsection (3) of section one of the Seeds Act, 1920, for the words " shall be contained in a sale note or invoice or," there shall be substituted the word "may ".

(4) Section six of the said Act (which provides that, for the purpose of legal proceedings on a contract for the sale of seeds, the truth of the particulars delivered in pursuance of the said section one shall be questioned only on the result of a test under the said section six) shall apply only in the case of particulars relating to purity or germination and of such (if any) of the particulars required by regulations under the Act as may be prescribed for this purpose by regulations thereunder.

(5) In subsection (2) of the said section six (under which a sample for the purpose of testing seeds under the section must be taken within ten days of the date of the delivery of the seeds to the purchaser) for the words " within ten days of the date of the delivery thereof to him " there shall be substituted the words " not later than ten days after the seeds and the statement have been delivered to him ".

1954

Agriculture (Miscellaneous

Provisions) , 1954

Ch. 39

143

(6) Nothing in this section shall apply to a contract of sale entered into before the commencement of this Act or to a statement delivered in connection with a sale so entered into.

(7) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to Northern Ireland, but for the purposes of section six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, shall be deemed to have been passed before the appointed day.

13.—(1) Except as hereinafter provided, the Agricultural Wages (Scotland) Act, 1949, shall not apply to persons temporarily employed as workers in agriculture (including horticulture), being persons so employed under any scheme prepared by the Secretary of State for the employment in agriculture of persons of sixteen years of age or over during holiday periods:

Provided that this section shall not have effect in relation to persons who, immediately before being employed under any such scheme, were in receipt of unemployment benefit under the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1953.

(2) The Secretary of State shall have power by order to fix for persons temporarily employed as aforesaid such minimum rates of wages for time work as appear to him reasonable in all the circumstances of the case, and different rates may be fixed for different classes of such (persons by reference to the nature or circumstances of their work or employment and their age and sex.

(3) Any order under this section may vary any minimum rate of wages fixed therein according as the employment is for a day, week, month or other period, or according to the number of working hours or the conditions of the employment, or so as to provide for a differential rate in the case of overtime.

(4) The Secretary of State shall, as soon as may be after he has made an order under this section, send notification thereof to the Scottish Agricultural Wages Board and to all agricultural wages committees, and shall give notice of the making of the order and the contents thereof in such manner as he may think fit

(5) The provisions of the Agricultural Wages (Scotland) Act, 1949, shall, so far as applicable, apply in relation to any minimum rate of wages fixed under this section as they apply in relation to any minimum rate of wages fixed under that Act.

(6) The power of the Secretary of State to fnake orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment by resolution of either House of

Fixing of minimum rates of wages for certain classes of persons temporarily employed in agriculture in Scotland.

144 Ch. 39 Agriculture (Miscellaneous 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Provisions) Act, 1954

Parliament; and the said power shall include a power, exercisable in the like manner and subject to the like conditions, to vary or revoke any such order.

(7) This section shall continue in force for five years and no longer, unless Parliament otherwise determines.

ExtensiOTiof 14.—(1) The Com Returns Act, 1882 (which provides for the

ma^n8 returns of purchases of British com and for the computation and publication of the average prices of each sort of British com, and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid), shall, subject to the modifications specified in the next following subsection, extend to Scotland.

(2) The modifications referred to in the foregoing subsection are—

(a) for any reference to the Board of Trade or to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State;

(b) for any reference to the London Gazette there shall be

substituted a reference to the Edinburgh Gazette;

(c) in section twelve for the words " shall be guilty of a

misdemeanour" there shall be substituted the words " shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds "; and

() sections sixteen and seventeen shall be omitted.

(3) The expenses of the Secretary of State under the Corn Returns Act, 1882, as extended by this section shall be paid out of moneyis provided by Parliament.

Construction 15. Any reference in this Act to any previous enactment shall, of references except in so far as the contrary intention appears, be construed to enactments, as a reference to that enactment as amended, extended or applied by any subsequent enactment, including this Act.

Application to Northern Ireland.

16. The provisions of this Act do not extend to Northern Ireland, except section two, sections fen and eleven in so far as they extend the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, and section twelve.

Short title 17.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Agriculture (Miscel-

and repeal. laneous Provisions) Act, 1954.

(2) The enactments specified in the Third Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

1954 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Ch. 39

Provisions) , 1954

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Agricultural Land Tribunals (revised provision for

APPOINTMENT OF NOMINATED MEMBERS).

15.—(1) The two members of an Agricultural Land Tribunal other than the chairman shall, for each reference to the Tribunal, be nominated by the chairman, one from a panel of persons appearing to the Lord Chancellor to represent the interests of farmers and one from a panel of persons appearing to the Lord Chancellor to represent the interests of owners of agricultural land.

(2) Those panels shall be drawn up and from time to time revised by the Lord Chancellor.

(3) Subject to the following sub-paragraph, the persons to be placed on either panel shall be selected by the Lord Chancellor from nominations made at his request by persons appearing to him to represent the interests of farmers or of owners of agricultural land, as the case may be.

(4) The last foregoing sub-paragraph shall not prevent the Lord Chancellor from placing on either of the pands a person not nominated in accordance with that sub-paragraph, if the persons requested to make the nominations for that purpose do not make the required number of nominations, or the nominations they make do not include enough persons who appear to the Lord Chancellor to be suitable.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Adaptations of Diseases of Animals Act, 1950, to Am Transport.

1.—(1) The expressions " by water " in paragraph (iii) of subsection (1) of section twenty-one and " by sea " in paragraph (b) of section twenty-three of the Diseases of Animals Act, 1950 (hereinafter referred to as "the 1950 Act"), shall include "by air *\

(2) The reference to " coasting vessels " in paragraph (ii) of section twenty of the 1950 Act and the reference to "inland transit*’ in paragraph (x) of that section shall apply to the case where an aircraft is engaged in a journey or a part of a journey beginning and ending in Great Britain.

(3) The expression " master * in the 1950 Act shall, in relation to an aircraft, mean the pilot or other person having the command or charge of the aircraft.

1—(1) Section twenty-four of the 1950 Act (which, for the purpose of preventing the introduction of disease into Great Britain, enables the landing of animals, carcasses etc. to be prohibited by order) shall apply to the importation in an aircraft of animals and other things not landed from the aircraft as it applies in relation to their landing from an aircraft

Section 4.

Section 11.

146 Ch. 39 Agriculture (Miscellaneous 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Provisions) , 1954

2nd Sch. (2) If an animal or other thing is imported in an aircraft in —com. contravention of an order made by virtue of the foregoing sub-

paragraph, then (without prejudice to the liability therefor of any other person under section seventy-eight of the 1950 Act) the person for the time being having possession and control of the aircraft, as owner, hirer or otherwise, shall be guilty of an offence against the 1950 Act.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) of section thirty-three of the 1950 Act, provision may be made by orders under it for prescribing the aerodromes which alone may be used by aircraft carrying imported animals, as well as the aerodromes at which alone imported animals may be landed.

3. Section thirty-nine of the 1950 Act (which provides that in certain circumstances a horse injured on board a vessel while being exported shall be slaughtered, and that vessels shall carry proper killing instruments) shall not impose on the pilot or other person having the command or charge of an aircraft an obligation to cause a horse to be slaughtered.

4. In relation to aircraft the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries may, by an order under the 1950 Act, adapt section six hundred and ninety-two of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, as applied in the case of the detention of a vessel under section seventy-four of the 1950 Act, or may make such other provision instead of it as he thinks expedient

Section 17.

THIRD SCHEDULE Enactments Rbpbalbd

Session and Chapter i Short Title ! Extent of Repeal

45 & 46 Vict. The Com Returns Act, 1 In section two, the words " Scot-

c. 37. 1882. land or *.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. The Sugar Industry Act, I 1 In section six, the proviso to

c. 16. 1942.; 1 subsection (3).

10 & 11 Geo. 6. The Agriculture Act, In section sixty-six, in subsection

c. 48. 1947. i i ! i ! I (1) the word "either,* and the words from "or a holding* onwards, and subsection (2); section ninety-six from " before the expiration of five years* onwards; subsection (2) of section ninety-seven; and, from i the coming into force of section 1 four of this Act, in paragraph 21 of the Ninth Schedule, the words " or area * in both places and the words "or sub-para-1 graph (1) of paragraph 17*’.

gon

1954 Agriculture (Miscellaneous Ch. 39,40 147

Provisions) Act, 1954

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Com Returns Act, 1882 45 & 46 Vict. c. 37.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894 1 57 & 58 Vict. c. 60.

Seeds Act, 1920 10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 54.

Government of Ireland Act, 1920 10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67.

Public Health (London) Act, 1936 1 | 26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8.

c. 50.

Agriculture Act, 1937 1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6.

c. 70.

Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act,

1940 3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 14.

Sugar Industry Act, 1942 5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 16.

Agriculture Act, 1947 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 48.

Local Government Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26.

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 63.

Agricultural Wages (Scotland) Act, 1949 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.

1 I c. 30.

Diseases of Animals Act, 1950 14 Geo. 6. c. 36.

Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scot-

land) Act, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 13.

CHAPTER 40

An Act to extend the powers of the courts to disqualify for having custody of animals persons convicted of cruelty to them and to increase the maximum fine for offences of cruelty to animals; and for purposes I connected therewith.

[5th July, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

L—(1) Where a person who has been convicted under the Power to Protection of Animals Act, 1911, or the Protection of Animals disqualify (Scotland) Act, 1912, of an offence of cruelty to any animal is subsequently convicted under either of those Acts of such an Qf cruelty offence, the court by which he is convicted on the subsequent to animals, occasion may, if it thinks fit, in addition to or in substitution for j & 2 Geo. 5. any other punishment, order him to be disqualified, for such period c. 27. as it thinks fit, for having custody of any animal or any animal of 2 & 3 Geo. 5. a kind specified in the order. a 14*

A

Ch. 40

Protection of Animals (Amendment) 2 & 3 Elez. 2

Act, 1954

(2) A court which has ordered the disqualification of a person in pursuance of this section may, if it thinks fit, suspend the operation of the order—

(a) for such period as the court thinks necessary for enabling arrangements to be made for the custody of any animal or animals to which the disqualification relates; or

(b) pending an appeal.

(3) A person who is disqualified by virtue of an order under this section may, at any time after the expiration of twelve months from the date of the order, and from time to time apply to the court by which the order was made to remove the disqualification, and on any such application the court may, as it thinks proper, having regard to the character of the applicant and his conduct subsequent to the order, the nature of the offence of which he was convicted, and any other circumstances of the case, either—

(a) direct that, as from such date as may be specified in the direction, the disqualification be removed or the order be so varied as to apply only to animals of a kind specified in the direction; or

(b) refuse the application:

Provided that where on an application under this section the court directs the variation of the order or refuses the application, a further application thereunder shall not be entertained if made within twelve months after the date of the direction or, as the case may be, the refusal.

Breach of 2. If a person has custody of any animal in contravention of dagualification an order made under this Act, he shall be liable on summary older. conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and imprisonment.

Increase in amount of fines under certain provisions of Protection of Animals Acts.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 17.

24 & 23 Geo. 5.

c. 25.

3. The maximum amount of the fine which may be imposed on a person convicted of an offence under any of the following enactments, that is to say, subsection (1) of section one of the Protection of Animals Act, 1911, subsection (1) of section one of the Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912, subsection (4) of section one of the Protection of Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) Act, 1933, and subsection (4) of section one of the Protection of Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) (Scotland) Act, 1934 (being respectively enactments which penalise certain offences of cruelty to animals and enactments which prohibit a person from keeping a dog or applying for or obtaining a dog licence while disqualified by an order of the court), shall, in the case of a person so convicted after the commencement of this Act, be increased from twenty-five pounds to fifty pounds.

1954 Protection of Animals (Amendment) Ch. 40, 41 149

Act, 1954

4.—(1) In this Act— Interpretation.

citation, .

(a) expressions used have, in relation to England and Wales, extent and

the same meanings as in the Protection of Animals Act, commence-1911, and, in relation to Scotland, the same meanings me"t-as in the Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912; and

(b) references to any enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended by any other enactment, including this Act.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Protection of Animals (Amendment) Act, 1954.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(4) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-five.

CHAPTER 41

An Act to amend the provisions of the Juries Act, 1949, as to payments in respect of jury service.

[5th July, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) In the case of each of the following sections of the Payments to Juries Act, 1949, that is to say, section one (which provides for jurors for loss payments in respect of jury service in England and Wales) and °.f earmngs» section twenty-four (which provides for payments in respect of jury service in Scotland), the proviso to subsection (1) of the section (which, as respects compensation for loss of earnings and certain expenses, imposes specific limits on the amount payable in respect of any one day) shall cease to have effect.

(2) Any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament under the said Act of 1949, or under Part I of the Local Government Act, 1948, shall ll & 12 Geo. 6. be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament. «• 26.

150

Ch. 41, 42

Juries Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Short title, 'Citation and extent.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Juries Act, 1954; and the Juries Acts, 1825 to 1949, and this Act in so far as it relates to England and Wales, may be cited together as the Juries Acts, 1825 to 1954.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 42

Slaughterhouses , 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Provisions relating to England and Wales

Section

1. Functions of local authorities.

2. Charges in respect of public slaughterhouses.

3. Grant and renewal of licences.

4. Restriction of private slaughterhouses.

5. Compensation for closure or refusal of licence.

6. Interpretation and construction (Part I).

Part II

Provisions relating to Scotland

7. Duty of local authorities in regard to slaughtering facilities.

8. Provision of public slaughterhouses.

9. Registration in respect of private slaughterhouses.

10. Refusal and cancellation of registration.

11. Compensation for closure of private slaughterhouses.

12. Byelaws as to slaughterhouses.

13. Power to enter premises.

14. Acquisition of land.

15. Borrowing by local authorities.

16. Interpretation and construction (Part II).

17. Repeal or modification of local enactments.

18. Savings.

Part III General

19. Expenses.

20. Short title, extent and repeal.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Special saving for certain slaughterhouses licensed or registered before 1st October, 1939.

Second Schedule—Enactments repealed.

1954

Slaughterhouses

Act, 1954

Ch. 42

151

An Act to make local authorities responsible for the time being for securing that adequate slaughterhouse facilities are available locally; to explain and amend the law with respect to the provision by local authorities of public slaughterhouses, the making of charges in respect of such slaughterhouses and the grant and renewal of licences under section fifty-seven of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938; to make further provision with respect to the regulation and restriction of private slaughterhouses and the payment of compensation where a licence or registration in respect of such a slaughterhouse is refused or ceases to be in force; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[5th July, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Provisions relating to England and Wales

1.—(1) It shall be the duty of every local authority, if and so Functions far as it appears to them that additional slaughterhouse facilities of local are required in their district having regard to the reasonable authorities, requirements of persons making use of such facilities, to make such use of their powers under any enactment or statutory order as they think expedient for securing the provision of the facilities required.

(2) It is hereby declared that the power of a local authority under subsection (1) of section sixty of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938, to provide public slaughterhouses is exercisable in either of the following ways, that is to say—

(a) by acquiring (whether by purchase, lease or otherwise) or appropriating land and providing slaughterhouse facilities there; or

(b) by acquiring (whether by purchase, lease or otherwise) land on which such facilities have been provided by other persons and securing that such facilities continue to be provided there;

and that, without prejudice to the effect of section ninety-six of the said Act (which incorporates in the Act certain ancillary provisions of the Public Health Act, 1936), the purposes for which a local authority may be authorised by the Minister of

\52 Ch- 42 Slaughterhouses 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

Part I Housing and Local Government to purchase and compulsorily —cont. include the purposes of the said section sixty; and any reference in Part V of the said Act of 1938 to a local authority providing a slaughterhouse shall be construed accordingly.

(3) Where a local authority have (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) provided a public slaughterhouse in the exercise of the said power, or of any other power conferred by a local Act or statutory order, they may make such arrangements as they think expedient for securing that all the activities of the slaughterhouse, or any particular activities, are carried on there by servants or agents of theirs to the exclusion of other persons:

Provided that a local authority shall not exercise the powers conferred by this subsection in such a manner as to deny to any religious community reasonable facilities for obtaining as food the flesh of animals slaughtered by the method specially required by their religion.

Charges in respect of public slaughterhouses.

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a local authority who have provided a public slaughterhouse may make charges, according to scales determined by them from time to time, in respect of the use of the slaughterhouse or of any services provided there.

(2) Every scale of charges determined by a local authority for the purposes of this section shall be published by them in at least one newspaper circulating in their district and in such other manner (if any) as they think expedient for informing persons interested; and a copy of every scale of charges so published shall be sent by the authority to the Minister of Food.

(3) If it appears to the Minister of Food that a scale of charges determined by a local authority for the purposes of this section is in any respect unreasonable, he may, after consultation with the authority, direct them—

(a) to make such alterations in the scale as he considers appropriate, and

(b) except with bis approval, not to depart from the scale as altered for such period as he may specify;

and the authority shall comply with the direction.

(4) The following enactments shall cease to have effect, that is to say:—

(a) paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section sixty of the Food • and Drugs Act, 1938 (which enables local authorities with the approval of the Minister of Housing and Local Government to make charges in respect of a public slaughterhouse provided by them); and

1954

Slaughterhouses

Act, 1954

Ch. 42

153

(b) so much of any local Act or statutory order as authorises a local authority to make charges in respect of a public slaughterhouse or to make byelaws for that purpose.

3.—(1) Where, after the commencement of this Act and before the first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-six, a slaughterhouse licence is granted or renewed by a local authority, the period fixed by the authority for the licence to remain in force or, as the case may be, the period for which it is renewed may, notwithstanding anything in subsection (7) of section fifty-seven of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938 (which relates to the duration of licences under that section in respect of slaughterhouses and knackers* yards), exceed thirteen months so long as it does not end later than the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-nine:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in any case where it appears to the local authority that the premises in respect of which the licence is granted or renewed are, so far as they are to be used for slaughter, to be used wholly or mainly for the slaughter of horses.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the said section fifty-seven, no slaughterhouse licence shall, except with the consent of the Minister of Food, be granted or renewed by a local authority after the commencement of this Act unless the premises in respect of which the application for the grant or renewal is made—

(a) have since the commencement of the said Act of 1938 been used as a slaughterhouse under the authority of a licence granted under the said section fifty-seven; or (ib) were at any time during the period of five years immediately preceding the said commencement in use as a slaughterhouse and registered or licensed as such under any enactment repealed by that Act.

(3) Without prejudice to any other discretion of theirs in relation to the grant or renewal of licences under the said section fifty-seven, or to any right of appeal conferred by subsection (6) of that section, a local authority may refuse an application made to them for the grant or renewal of a slaughterhouse licence in respect of any premises if they are not satisfied that the requirements of section thirteen of the said Act of 1938 (which contains provisions relating to hygiene and cleanliness in places where food is prepared for sale, &c.), or of any regulations made under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section eight of that Act (which relates to measures against danger to health resulting from the preparation and distribution of food), are complied with in respect of those premises, or will be complied with before the date on which the licence or renewed licence comes into force.

Part I —eont.

Grant and renewal of licences.

A

\54

Part 1 —eont.

Restriction of private slaughterhouses.

42 Slaughterhouses 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

(4) In the said section fifty-seven—

(a) paragraph (6) of the proviso to subsection (2) and subsection (3) (under which a licence under that section authorising a person to keep premises as a slaughterhouse or knacker’s yard must be granted as of right where the premises were previously registered or licensed under an enactment replaced by that section, except where they are unsuitable, or the applicant is not a proper person) shall cease to have effect; and

(b) in paragraph (a) of the said proviso (which requires premises to be inspected where the application is for the grant of a fresh licence but not when it is for the renewal of an existing licence) for the words " grant a licence, otherwise than by way of renewal of an existing licence " there shall be substituted the words " grant or renew a licence."

(5) The provisions contained in the First Schedule to this Act (being provisions which, in relation to slaughterhouses, reproduce in a modified form and with temporary effect the enactments mentioned in paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection) shall have effect with respect to slaughterhouses to which those enactments apply.

(6) Where a person was immediately before the commencement of this Act authorised to keep any premises as a slaughterhouse by virtue only of a notice served on him under subsection (3) of the said section fifty-seven (which makes a local authority’s notice to carry out works equivalent to a temporary licence), that person shall for all purposes of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938, and this Part of this Act be deemed to be the holder of a slaughterhouse licence in respect of those premises limited to expire at the end of six weeks beginning with the date of the commencement of this Act.

4.—(1) The power of a local authority under subsection (2) of section sixty-one of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938 (which authorises the closure of private slaughterhouses and restrictions on the establishment of private slaughterhouses in a district where the local authority have provided a public slaughterhouse), to make such a determination as is mentioned in that subsection shall be exercisable notwithstanding that the authority have not provided a public slaughterhouse, if the authority are of opinion that slaughterhouse facilities in their district ought to be abolished or reduced having regard to the existence of adequate alternative slaughterhouse facilities provided by another local authority; and subsections (3) and (4) of that section shall have effect accordingly.

(2) Where a local authority are satisfied that the slaughterhouse facilities available in their district are adequate for the time being having regard to the reasonable requirements of

1954 Slaughterhouses Ch. 42 155

Act, 1954

persons making use of such facilities, and that no additional Part 1 facilities are required in the district, they may by a resolution determine that, after the date when the resolution has effect, no slaughterhouse licence will be granted or renewed by them in respect of any premises in their district which were not licensed on that date; or that such a licence will be granted or renewed only in special cases and with the consent of the Minister of Food:

Provided that a resolution under this subsection shall not have effect until it has been approved by that Minister.

(3) Subsection (3) of section sixty-one of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938 (which relates to the publication of resolutions under subsection (2) of that section and their approval by the Minister of Food), except so much thereof as requires a copy of the resolution to be served on every person licensed to keep a slaughterhouse within the district, shall apply in relation to a resolution under the last foregoing subsection as it applies in relation to a resolution under that section.

(4) Where a resolution of a local authority under the said section sixty-one has taken effect (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) and any premises used as a slaughterhouse have under subsection (4) of that section been exempted from the operation of the resolution, or the local authority since the passing of the resolution have in the exercise of a power reserved for them under the said subsection (4) granted a fresh slaughterhouse licence in respect of any premises in their district, then in neither case shall the local authority refuse any subsequent application for the grant or renewal of a slaughterhouse licence in respect of the premises in question, unless—

(a) the Minister of Food has consented to the refusal; or

(b) the authority are not, in relation to the premises, satisfied

as mentioned in subsection (3) of section three of this Act;

and in any case to which paragraph (a) of this subsection applies oo appeal against the refusal shall lie under subsection (6) of section fifty-seven of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938.

(5) Subsection (5) of section sixty-one of the said Act (under which the Minister of Food may impose conditions as to renewing the licence of a slaughterhouse exempted by a resolution under that section) shall cease to have effect.

5.—(1) Where in consequence of a resolution of a local authority Compensation having effect under subsection (2) of section sixty-one of the for closure or Food and Drugs Act, 1938, a slaughterhouse Licence in respect of ph*8®! of any premises ceases to have effect, any person having an interest in hoe,lce-those premises, or in any land held therewith, being an interest

A

42 Slaughterhouses 2 & 3 Euz.2

, 1954

Fast 1 of which the value before the resolution had effect is reduced in consequence of the resolution, shall be entitled to be paid by the authority by way of compensation an amount equal to the reduction.

(2) Where a resolution of a local authority under the said subsection (2), or under subsection (2) of the last foregoing section, has taken effect, being a resolution passed before the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, then if—

(a) an application for the grant of a slaughterhouse licence in respect of any premises in the district, being an application made by the occupier of the premises either before or not more than seven days after the date of the passing of the resolution, is refused by the local authority after that date; and

(b) those premises were not licensed on that date, but were on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine licensed and in use as a slaughterhouse,

any person having an interest in those premises, or in any land held therewith, being an interest of which the value is reduced in consequence of the resolution or the local authority’s refusal of the application, shall be entitled to be paid by the authority by way of compensation an amount equal to the reduction.

(3) The foregoing subsections refer only to resolutions passed after the commencement of this Act.

(4) Where a resolution of a local authority under subsection

(2) of the said section sixty-one has taken effect (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) having been passed after the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, and before the said commencement, and a person had on the date of the passing of the resolution an interest in premises in the district of the authority which were not on the last-mentioned date being used as a slaughterhouse, but which—

(a) were on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, licensed and in use as a slaughterhouse; or

(b) not having been then licensed and in use as aforesaid were licensed on the date of the passing of the resolution,

or in any land held with such premises, being an interest of which the value before the resolution had effect has been reduced in consequence of the resolution, then if before the expiration of a period of fourteen days beginning with the date of the commencement of this Act or the date when the resolution took effect (whichever is the later) that person makes an application to the local authority for the purposes of this subsection, he shall be entitled to be paid by the authority by way of compensation an amount equal to the said reduction.

1954

Slaughterhouses

Act, 1954

Ch. 42

157

(5) Where after the commencement of this Act an application Part 1 for the grant or renewal of a slaughterhouse licence in respect of —com. any premises to which subsection (4) of the last foregoing section applies is refused by a local authority otherwise than on the grounds specified in paragraph (b) of that subsection, any person having an interest in the premises, or in any land held therewith,

being an interest of which the value is reduced in consequence of the refusal, shall be entitled to be paid by the authority by way of compensation an amount equal to the reduction.

(6) In ascertaining for the purposes of this section what was at any material time the value of a person's interest in premises or land held therewith, the following provisions shall apply, that is to say:—

(a) the value of the interest at the material time shall be taken to be the amount which the interest would have realised at that time on a sale thereof in the open market by a willing seller;

(b) account shall be taken of the value of any plant ,or machinery, being fixtures, which were on the premises at the said time;

(c) in relation to the value of the interest before the event giving rise to compensation under this section in respect of that interest, it shall be assumed that the sale referred to in paragraph (a) of this subsection would have been to a purchaser having reason to suppose that an application by him to the local authority for the grant of a slaughterhouse licence in respect of the premises would be granted subject to the premises being, or being rendered, suitable for use as a slaughterhouse;

() subject to paragraph (b) of this subsection, no regard shall be had to goodwill or to any other matter not directly based on the value of the premises or land as such.

(7) Where any dispute arises as to whether compensation is payable to any person under this section, or as to the amount of any such compensation, the dispute shall be referred to and determined by the Lands Tribunal.

(8) Where a local authority have incurred any liability to pay any sums by way of compensation under this section, the Minister of Food may make a grant to the authority of an amount not exceeding one half of those sums.

(9) Subsection (6) of section sixty-one of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938 (which provides for the payment of compensation for loss sustained by the owner and occupier of any premises affected by a resolution under that section), shall cease to have effect, and section eighty-six of that Act (which provides for disputes as to compensation being referred to arbitration) shall not apply in relation to compensation payable under this section.

158

Ch. 42

Slaughterhouses

Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

PART I —cont.

Interpretation

and

construction (Part I).

Duty of local authorities in regard to slaughtering

facilities.

6.—(1) In this Part of this Act, except where the context otherwise requires,—

"slaughterhouse* means a place for slaughtering animals the flesh of which is intended for sale for human consumption, and includes any place available in connection therewith for the confinement of animals while awaiting slaughter there or for keeping, or subjecting to any treatment or process, products of the slaughtering of animals there;

" slaughterhouse facilities * means facilities for carrying on the activities of a slaughterhouse, including plant and apparatus and the services of persons as slaughtermen or otherwise;

"slaughterhouse licence* means a licence under section fifty-seven of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938, authorising the occupier of any premises to keep them as a slaughterhouse; and

"statutory order* means any order, byelaw or other instrument having effect by virtue of an Act of Parliament, or confirmed by Parliament.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act premises shall be treated as having been licensed at any time if, and only if, there was at that time in force or deemed to be in force a slaughterhouse licence in respect of those premises.

(3) Subsection (1) of this section, so far as it defines the expression " slaughterhouse *’, shall apply to the interpretation, of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938, as it applies to the interpretation of this Part of this Act.

(4) The said Act of 1938 and this Part of this Act shall be construed as if this Part of this Act were contained in Part V of that Act.

Part II

Provisions relating to Scotland

7.—(1) It shall be the duty of every local authority to satisfy themselves that adequate slaughterhouse facilities are available for persons requiring the slaughter of animals in their area, having regard to the existence of slaughterhouse facilities in that area and the areas of other local authorities.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this Part of this Act^ where a local authority are not satisfied as aforesaid, they may with the approval of the Secretary of State—

(a) provide and, if they think fit, operate a public slaughterhouse; or

(b) register in accordance with the provisions of this Part of

this Act any person who proposes to use any premises as a slaughterhouse.

1954

Slaughterhouses

Act, 1954

Ch. 42

159

8. —(1) The power of a local authority to provide a public slaughterhouse shall be exercisable in any of the following ways, that is to say—

(a) by re-opening as a slaughterhouse premises previously used as a slaughterhouse by that local authority;

(b) by acquiring (whether by purchase, lease or otherwise), or appropriating land and providing slaughterhouse facilities there;

(c) by acquiring (whether by purchase, lease or otherwise) premises which have been in use as a slaughterhouse and continuing to use them as such.

(2) A local authority by whom a slaughterhouse has been provided under the last foregoing section or under any other enactment—

(a) may make charges in respect of the use of the slaughterhouse, and in respect of any services provided by them in connection therewith; and

(b) may provide plant or apparatus for disposing of or treating waste matter or refuse, or processing byproducts resulting from the slaughter of animals in such a slaughterhouse.

(3) In fixing or varying any such charges as aforesaid a local authority shall consult with such persons or organisations as appear to them to be representative of interests substantially affected by such charges.

9. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act no person other than a local authority shall use any premises as a slaughterhouse for the slaughter of any kind of animal unless he is registered in respect of the premises for that purpose by the local authority, and any person who contravenes the provisions of this subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such fine and imprisonment.

(2) An application for registration in respect of any premises under this section shall be made by the person who proposes to use the premises, and, in the case of an application in respect of premises not yet erected, or of premises to be reconstructed, shall be accompanied by plans showing the proposed works.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act the local authority may on an application for registration under this section being duly made by a person in respect of any premises, register that person in respect of the premises, and shall upon so registering him issue to him a certificate in that behalf.

Part II —cont.

Provision of public slaughterhouses.

Registration in respect of private slaughterhouses.

\G0 42 Slaughterhouses 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

, 1954

Part n (4) A local authority may for the protection of the public —com. health prohibit the slaughter on any premises, in respect of which a person is to be registered in pursuance of this section, of any kind of animal other than that specified in the certificate relating to those premises to be issued under the last foregoing subsection.

Refusal and 10.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where an

cancellation application is made to a local authority under the last foregoing of registration, respect of any premises and the authority are satisfied

that no further slaughterhouse accommodation is required in their area, the authority shall refuse the registration.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, if a local authority are satisfied that any slaughterhouse in their area in respect of which a registration is in force under the last foregoing section is no longer required, the authority shall cancel the registration.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section, if in the case of an application for registration under the last foregoing section or of a registration under that section, it appears to the local authority—

(a) that any person applying for registration under the last

foregoing section or who is so registered is not a suitable person to make use of any premises as a slaughterhouse; or

(b) that the requirements of any enactment relating to slaughterhouses are not complied with in connection with the premises specified in that application or that any such requirements are not complied with in connection with the premises specified in that registration or in connection with the business carried on in such premises; or

(c) that the premises or any part thereof are otherwise inadequate or unsuitable for use as a slaughterhouse,

the authority shall refuse or, as the case may be, shall cancel the registration.

(4) A local authority may for the protection of the public health vary any registration under the last foregoing section by prohibiting the slaughter on any premises to which the registration relates of any kind of animal other than that which may be specified by that authority.

(5) A local authority shall not refuse, cancel or vary any registration unless—

(a) they have served on the applicant or the person registered in respect of the premises a notice of their proposal so to do, stating the place and time, not being less than seven days after the date of the service of the

1954

Slaughterhouses

Act, 1954

Ch. 42

161

notice, at which they will take the matter into considera- Part II tion, and informing him that he may attend or be —cont. represented before them, with any witnesses he desires to call, at that place and time to show cause why the authority should not, for reasons specified in the notice, proceed with the proposal; and

(6) the applicant or person registered as aforesaid fails to show cause to their satisfaction.

(6) If the local authority refuse, cancel or vary a registration they shall forthwith give the applicant or the person registered in respect of the premises notice of their decision in the matter, and any such notice shall state the grounds on which that decision is based and the time within which an appeal to the Secretary of State may be brought in accordance with the provisions of subsection (8) of this section.

(7) An application for registration shall, if not already determined by tbs local authority, be deemed to have been refused by the authority at the expiry of three months from the date upon which the application was made.

(8) A person aggrieved by a decision of a local authority under this section to refuse, cancel or vary any registration under the last foregoing section may appeal to the Secretary of State, and any such appeal shall be made within one month from the date on which notice of the said decision was served upon the person desiring to appeal or from the date on which a refusal is deemed to have been made under the provisions of the last foregoing subsection.

(9) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection any prohibition under subsection (4) of the last foregoing section shall be treated as a refusal of a registration under that section.

II.—(1) Where— Compensation

, v . • - r for closure

(a) a registration of a person m respect of premises for use Cf private

as a slaughterhouse has been refused on an application slaughter-made before the first day of January, nineteen hundred houses, and fifty-five, by virtue of the operation of subsection

(1) of the last foregoing section, and the premises were lawfully in use as a slaughterhouse on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine; or

(b) a registration of a person in respect of premises for use

as a slaughterhouse has been cancelled by virtue of the operation of subsection (2) of the last foregoing section;

any person having an interest in those premises or in any land held therewith, being an interest of which the value immediately before the refusal or cancellation, as the case may be, is reduced

F

162

Part II —cant.

Byelaws at to

slaughter*

houses.

Ch. 42 Slaughterhouses 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

id consequence of such refusal or cancellation, shall be entitled to be paid by the authority by way of compensation an amount equal to that reduction.

(2) In ascertaining for the purposes of this section what was at any material time the value of a person’s interest in premises or land held therewith, the following provisions shall apply, that is to say:—

(a) the value of the interest at the material time shall be taken to be the amount which the interest would have realised at that time on a sale thereof in the open market by a willing seller;

(b) account shall be taken of the value of any plant or machinery, being fixtures, which were on the premises at the said time;

(c) in relation to the value of the interest before the event giving rise to compensation under this section in respect of that interest, it shall be assumed that the sale referred to in paragraph (a) of this subsection would have been to a purchaser having reason to suppose that an application by him to the local authority for a registration in respect of the premises would be granted subject to the premises being, or being rendered, suitable for use as a slaughterhouse;

() subject to paragraph (b) of this subsection, no regard shall be had to goodwill or to any other matter not directly based on the value of the premises or land as such.

(3) Where any dispute arises as to whether compensation is payable to any person under this section, or as to the amount of any such compensation, the dispute shall be referred to and determined by the Lands Tribunal for Scotland:

Provided that until sections one to three of the Lands Tribunal Act, 1949, come into force as regards Scotland this subsection shall have effect as if for the reference to the Lands Tribunal for Scotland there were substituted a reference to an official arbiter appointed under the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, and sections three, five and six of that Act shall apply, subject to any necessary modifications, in relation to the determination of any question under this Act by an arbiter so appointed.

(4) Where a local authority has incurred any liability to pay any sums by way of compensation under subsection (1) of this section, the Secretary of State may make a grant to the authority of an amount not exceeding one half of those sums.

12.—(1) A local authority may, and if required by the Secretary of State shall, make byelaws for securing that slaughterhouses are kept in a clean and sanitary condition, and are properly managed and conducted.

1954

Slaughterhouses

Act, 1954

Ch. 42

163

(2) The Secretary of State shall be the confirming authority as Part 11

respects byelaws made under the last foregoing subsection. r

(3) If and so far as a byelaw made under this section is inconsistent with any regulation relating to slaughterhouses or the slaughter of animals therein, the latter shall prevail.

13.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any officer of Power to a local authority authorised for the purpose shall on producing,entor premMe8, if so required, some duly authenticated document showing his authority, have a right to enter any premises at all reasonable hours—

(a) for the purpose of ascertaining whether there is or has been on, or in connection with, the premises any contravention of the provisions of this Act or of any byelaws made thereunder; and

(b) generally for the purpose of the performance by the authority of their functions under this Act, or such byelaws.

(2) If it is shown to the satisfaction of a justice of the peace on information in writing and on oath—

(a) that admission to any premises has been refused, or that

refusal is apprehended, or that the premises are unoccupied, or the occupier is temporarily absent, or that the case is one of urgency, or that an application for admission would defeat the object of the entry; and

(b) that there is reasonable ground for entry into the premises for any such purpose as aforesaid,

the justice may by warrant under his hand authorise the local authority by any authorised officer to enter the premises, if need be by force:

Provided that such a warrant shall not be issued unless the justice is satisfied either that notice of the intention to apply for a warrant has been given to the occupier, or that the premises are unoccupied or that the occupier is temporarily absent, or that the case is one of urgency, or that the giving of such notice would defeat the object of the entry.

(3) An authorised officer entering any premises by virtue of this section, or of a warrant issued thereunder, may take with him such other persons as may be necessary, and on leaving any unoccupied premises which he has entered by virtue of such a warrant shall leave them as effectively secured against unauthorised entry as he found them.

(4) Every warrant granted under this section shall continue in force for a period of one month.

(5) Any reference in this section to a justice of the peace shall include a reference to the sheriff and to a magistrate.

164

Ch. 42

Slaughterhouses

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Part II

—cont.

Acquisition of land.

Borrowing by local authorities.

Interpretation

and

construction (Part II).

Repeal or modification of local enactments.

Savings.

14. —(1) A local authority may be authorised by the Secretary of State to purchase compulsorily any land, whether situated within or outside its area, for the purpose of any of their functions under this Act.

(2) The Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947, shall apply in relation to the compulsory purchase of land under this section as if subsection (1) thereof had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act.

15. In the application of Part XII of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, to the repayment of any sums borrowed by a local authority for the purposes of this Act the Sixth Schedule to that Act shall have effect subject to the following amendment—

" 30. Slaughterhouses Such period not exceeding sixty years Act, 1954. as the Secretary of State may fix.*

16. In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires—

" animal " means cattle, sheep, goats, swine and horses;

and " horses " includes asses and mules;

" enactment " includes an enactment contained in a local Act and any order, regulation or other instrument having effect by virtue of an Act;

" local authority " means a county council or a town council; " premises " means a building or any part thereof and any forecourts, yards and places of storage used in connection therewith;

" slaughterhouse " means any premises used for slaughtering animals the flesh of which is intended for sale for human consumption and includes any place other than premises used in connection therewith;

" slaughterhouse licence " means a licence under section thirty-three of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, authorising the occupier of any premises to keep them as a slaughterhouse.

17. The provisions of this Act shall have effect in substitution for the provisions of any local enactment relating to slaughterhouses and of like effect, and any such enactment shall, in so far as it is inconsistent with the provisions of this Act, cease to have effect. 18 *

18. —(1) Any byelaw made under any enactment repealed by

this Act and in force at the commencement of this Act shall not be invalidated by such repeal but shall have effect as if it had been made under this Act, and may be amended, varied, revoked or enforced accordingly.

1954

Slaughterhouses

Act, 1954

Ch. 42

165

(2) Any slaughterhouse provided by a local authority under Part II any enactment repealed by this Act, and in use as a slaughter-

house on the twenty-ninth day of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, shall be deemed to be a public slaughterhouse provided by that local authority under this Act and the provisions thereof shall apply accordingly.

(3) Any slaughterhouse licence granted in respect of premises winch were in use as a slaughterhouse by virtue of that licence on the twenty-ninth day of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, shall not be invalidated by the repeal of section thirty-three of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897 (which relates to the licensing of slaughterhouses) but shall be deemed to be a registration made by a local authority in pursuance of section nine of this Act.

Part HI General

19. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Expenses. Parliament—

(a) any sums required by the Minister of Food for making grants under subsection (8) of section five of this Act;

(b) any sums required by the Secretary of State for making grants under subsection (4) of section eleven of this Act; and

(c) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums payable out of moneys so provided under Part I of the Local Government Act, 1948, or the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954. 20

20. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Slaughterhouses Act, Short title,

1954. extent and

repeal.

(2) Nothing in Part I of this Act extends to Scotland.

(3) Part II of this Act extends to Scotland only.

(4) Nothing in this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

(5) The enactments specified in the second column of the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule.

166

Section 3.

Cn

' 42 Slaughterhouses 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Special saving for certain slaughterhouses licensed or REGISTERED BEFORE 1ST OCTOBER, 1939

1. The premises to which this Schedule applies are the following, that is to say:—

(a) premises which were on the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, registered and in use as a slaughterhouse; and

(b) premises in respect of which a licence without limitation of time authorising their use as a slaughterhouse was in operation on that date and which were then in use as such.

2. —(1) Where at any time before the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, an application is made to a local authority for the grant or renewal of a slaughterhouse licence in respect of any premises to which this Schedule applies, then subject to the next following sub-paragraph and to any resolution of the authority which may have taken effect under section sixty-one of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938, or under subsection (2) of section four of this Act, the authority shall not refuse the application unless they are satisfied that—

(< a) the premises named in the application are not suitable for use as a slaughterhouse; and

(b) it is not reasonably practicable to render them suitable for such use.

(2) If before the application was made the authority have passed such a resolution as is mentioned in the foregoing sub-paragraph, but the resolution has not taken effect, the authority may if they think fit adjourn the application pending the decision of the Minister of Food whether or not to approve the resolution.

3. —(1) If the authority are satisfied that the premises are not suitable for use as a slaughterhouse but determine to grant or renew the licence, they may in doing so serve a notice on the applicant specifying the works which are in their opinion necessary to render the premises suitable as aforesaid and the period (not exceeding three months from the date of the grant or renewal) within which they require those works to be executed.

(2) The authority may at any time extend the said period if the works have been begun and appear to them to be making satisfactory progress.

(3) If at the expiration of the said period (whether or not extended under the foregoing sub-paragraph) the works have not been completed to the satisfaction of the authority, the authority may cancel the licence in respect of the premises (if it is then still in force).

4. Where a local authority serve on any person a notice under the foregoing paragraph or cancel a licence thereunder, all the provisions of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938, relating to appeals against the refusal of a local authority to grant or renew a licence under section fifty-seven of that Act shall apply as if the notice or cancellation were such a refusal.

1954 Slaughterhouses Ch. 42

Act, 1954

SECOND SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

55 & 56 Vict. The Burgh Police (Scotland) c. 55. Act, 1892.

Section two hundred and seventy-eight.

Sections two hundred and

eighty to two hundred and eighty-four.

Section two hundred and

60 & 61 Vict, c. 38.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 56.

10 dt 11 Geo. 6.

The Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

The Food and Drugs Act, 1938.

The Local Government

eighty-six.

Section thirty-three so far as relating to slaughterhouses.

Section thirty-four.

In section fifty-seven, paragraph (b) of the proviso to

subsection (2) and subsection (3).

In section sixty, paragraph (6) of subsection (2).

In section sixty-one, subsections (5) and (6).

In section one hundred, the definition of "slaughterhouse ".

In section one hundred and

c.43.

(Scotland) Act, 1947.

sixty, subsection (1).

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Public Health (Scotland) Act . 1897 Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919 Public Health Act, 1936 Fbod and Drugs Act, 1938 Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947 Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 ... Local Government Act, 1948 Lands Tribunal Act, 1949 Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954 60 & 61 Vict. c. 38. 9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 57. 26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 49. 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 56. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 42. 10 All Geo. 6. c.43. 11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 26. 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 42. 2 A 3 Eliz. 2. c. 13.

Section 20.

168 Ch. 43 Industrial and Provident 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Societies (Amendment) , 1954

CHAPTER 43

Industrial and Provident Societies (Amendment) , 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Increase in amount disposable by nomination by a member of a

registered society.

2. Amendments as to name of a registered society.

3. Cases in which the name of a registered society need not include the

word " limited ".

4. Provisions as to annual returns and audit.

5. Register of members and officers of registered society.

6. Amalgamations and transfers of engagements.

7. Duties of a receiver or manager of property of a registered society.

8. Special resolutions.

9. Criminal proceedings.

10. Minor amendments.

11. Interpretation and repeals.

12. Citation, construction, extent and commencement.

Schedule: Enactments repealed.

An Act to amend the Industrial and Provident Societies Acts, 1893 to 1952.

[5th July, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Increase in 1.—(1) In section twenty-five of the principal Act (under which

amount a member of a registered society may by nomination dispose nw^nationby property in the society belonging to him at his death up to a member of a n value of one hundred pounds) for each reference to one hundred registered pounds there shall be substituted a reference to two hundred society. pounds.

(2) This section shall have effect as respects any nomination delivered at or sent to the office of the society to which it relates after the commencement of this Act or made by the nominator in their books after that time.

Amendments 2.—(1) No society shall be registered under the principal Act

38 to n.^®,of under a name which in the opinion of the registrar is undesirable society^ mid so much of paragraph (3) of section five of that Act as imposes restrictions as to the name under which a society may be registered shall cease to have effect.

(2) In section fifty-two of the principal Act (which enables a registered society to change its name by special resolution) for the reference to a special resolution there shall be substituted a reference to a resolution passed at a general meeting after the giving of such notice as is required by the rules of the society

1954

Industrial and Provident

Societies (Amendment) , 1954

Ch. 43

169

in the case of a resolution to amend the society’s rules, or after the giving of such other notice as may be specified by those rules for the purposes of this subsection.

(3) Without prejudice to section twelve of the principal Act (which requires a registered society to have its registered name on all official publications), every registered society shall have its registered name mentioned in legible characters in all its business letters.

3. —-<1) If the registrar is satisfied that the objects of a society Cases in which applying for registration or of a registered society are wholly the name of charitable or benevolent he may, notwithstanding paragraph (5)

of section five of the principal Act, register the society by a name which does not contain the word "limited " or, as the case may the word be, permit the society to change its name to one which does 44 limited". not contain that word.

(2) If it subsequently appears to the registrar that the society, whether in consequence of a change in its rules or otherwise, is not being conducted wholly for charitable or benevolent objects, he may direct that the word "limited " be added as the last word in the name of the society and shall notify the society accordingly.

4. —(1) If the registrar is of opinion that special circumstances Provisions as exist he may allow the annual return to be made by a registered to society under section fourteen of the principal Act to be made

up to a date other than the date specified in paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of that section and in that case the annual return shall be sent to the registrar not more than three months after the date to which it is to be made up.

(2) The last annual return to be made under the said section fourteen by a registered society which is being terminated by an instrument of dissolution under paragraph (b) of section fifty-eight of the principal Act shall be made up to the date of the instrument of dissolution, and the registrar shall not register the instrument of dissolution under paragraph () of section sixty-one of the principal Act until he has received that return.

(3) A registered society shall not publish any balance sheet which has not been previously audited by one or more of the approved auditors appointed under section seventy-two of the principal Act and any copy of a balance sheet published by them shall incorporate any report made thereon by the auditor.

(4) The copy of any balance sheet which is to be sent to the registrar under subsection (2) of section three of the Industrial

and Provident Societies (Amendment) Act, 1913, shall incorporate 3 & 4 Geo. 5. any report made thereon by the auditor. c. 31.

(5) The expression " officer *’ as defined by section seventy-nine of the principal Act shall not include an auditor.

F*

170 Ch. 43 Industrial and Provident 2 & 3 ELiz. 2 Societies (Amendment) , 1954

Register of 5.—(1) Every registered society shall keep at its registered

members and office a register and enter therein the following particulars:— officers of

registered society. (a) the names and addresses of the members; (b) a statement of the number of shares held by each member and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid on the shares of each member; (c) a statement of other property in the society, whether in loans, deposits or otherwise, held by each member; () the date at which each person was entered in the register as a member, and the date at which any person ceased to be a member; (e) the names and addresses of the officers of the society, with the offices held by them respectively, and the dates on which they assumed office. (2) The said register may be kept either by making entries in bound books or by recording the matters in question in any other manner, but where it is not kept by making entries in a bound book but by some other means, adequate precautions shall be taken for guarding against falsification and facilitating its discovery. (3) Every registered society shall— (a) keep at their office a duplicate register containing the particulars in the original register to be kept under subsection (1) of this section, other than those entered under paragraph (b) or (c) of that subsection, or (b) so construct their register that it is possible to open to inspection the particulars in the register other than the particulars entered under paragraph (b) or (c) of subsection (1) of this section without exposing those last-mentioned particulars, and subsection (2) of section seventeen of the principal Act (which gives members and certain other persons the right to inspect books containing the names of members) shall have effect as if the reference to such books included a reference to all the particulars in the said duplicate register or, as the case may be, in the original register exclusive of the particulars to be entered under paragraph (b) or (c) of subsection (1) of this section. (4) The registrar or a person acting on his behalf may at all reasonable hours inspect any particulars in the register or duplicate register, and section four of the Industrial and Provident Societies (Amendment) Act, 1913 (under which a registered society must send a list of persons interested in the society to the registrar every three years) shall cease to have effect.

1954

Industrial and Provident

Societies (Amendment) , 1954

Ch. 43

171

6.—(1) In relation to section fifty-three of the principal Act Amaigama-(which enables registered societies to effect an amalgamation tions aud or transfer of engagements by special resolution) the definition of a special resolution in section fifty-one of that Act shall have engagemen • effect as if for the reference to a majority of not less than three-fourths there were substituted a reference to a majority of not less than two-thirds.

(2) If a registered society transfers its engagements to another registered society by a special resolution taking effect under subsection (2) of the said section fifty-three and by that resolution approves the transfer of the whole or any part of its property to the other registered society, the whole, or as the case may be, that part, of its property shall without any conveyance or assignment vest in die other registered society.

7. Every receiver or manager of the property of a registered Duties of a society who has been appointed under the powers contained in receiver or any instrument shall

(a) within one month from the date of his appointment a^regjstcred notify the registrar of his appointment, and

society.

(b) within one month (or such longer period as the registrar may allow) after the expiration of the period of six months from that date, and of every subsequent period of six months, deliver to the registrar a return showing his receipts and his payments during that period of six months, and

(c) within one month after he ceases to act as receiver or manager deliver to the registrar a return showing his receipts and his payments during the final period and the aggregate amount of his receipts and of his payments during all preceding periods since his appointment.

8.—(1) It shall be the duty of a registered society to send Special a special resolution to the registrar for registration in accordance resolutions, with section fifty-six of the principal Act within fourteen days from the day on which the resolution is passed, but this subsection shall not invalidate registration of a special resolution after that time.

| (2) It is hereby declared that in section fifty-five of the principal

i Act (which provides that a company may on passing a special resolution convert itself into a registered society) the references to a special resolution are references to a special resolution as defined by section one hundred and forty-one of the Companies 11 & 12 Geo. 6. Act, 1948; and such a resolution need not be registered under c. 38. section fifty-six of the principal Act.

F*2

172

Criminal

proceedings.

Minor

amendments.

Ch. 43 Industrial and Provident 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Societies (Amendment) Act, 1954

9.—(1) If on proceedings under section sixty-four of the principal Act (which relates to the misappropriation of property belonging to a registered society) it is not proved that the defendant acted with any fraudulent intent, he may be ordered to deliver up any property belonging to the society, or to repay any money applied improperly, with costs, but shall not be liable to conviction under the said section.

(2) Notwithstanding any limitation on the time for the taking of proceedings contained in any Act, summary proceedings for any fine imposed by the principal Act may be brought by the chief registrar or any assistant registrar at any time within one year of the first discovery thereof by the registrar, but not in any case after more than three years after the commission of the offence.

(3) This section shall, in its application to Scotland, have effect—

(a) as if in subsection (1) for the word "defendant " there were substituted the word "accused ", and

(b) as if in subsection (2) the words " by the chief registrar or any assistant registrar " were omitted.

10.—(1) An application under section one of the Industrial and Provident Societies (Amendment) Act, 1913 (which relates to societies whose members are all other registered societies) to register a society consisting of more than three constituent registered societies need not be signed by members of the committee and the secretary of more than three of the constituent societies.

(2) Subsection (1) of section twenty-eight of the principal Act (which authorises a registered society before making a payment under a nomination or on the death of an intestate to require evidence that the estate of the deceased did not exceed one hundred pounds) shall cease to have effect.

(3) The greatest sum which a registered society may charge for a copy of their rules shall be two shillings, and accordingly for the reference to one shilling in subsection (4) of section ten of the principal Act there shall be substituted a reference to two shillings.

(4) Subsection (3) of section sixty-nine of the principal Act (which relates to the recovery of certain costs or expenses) shall, in its application to Scotland, have effect as if the words " summarily before a court of summary jurisdiction " were omitted.

1954

Industrial and Provident

Societies (Amendment) , 1954

Ch. 43

173

11. —(1) In this Act " the principal Act " means the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893.

(2) References in this Act to any other enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended by any enactment including this Act.

(3) The enactments set out in the Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

12. -—(1) This Act may be cited as the Industrial and Provident Societies (Amendment) Act, 1954.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the Industrial and Provident Societies Acts, 1893 to 1952, and may be cited together with those Acts as the Industrial and Provident Societies Acts, 1893 to 1954.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland, and shall extend to the Channel Islands.

(4) This Act shall come into force on the expiration of a period of one month beginning with the date on which it is passed.

SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

56 & 57 Vict. The Industrial and Provident In section five in paragraph

c. 39. Societies Act, 1893. (3) the words from the beginning to "its identity, and". In section twenty-eight, subsection (1).

3 A 4 Geo. 5. The Industrial and Provident Section four.

c. 31. Societies (Amendment) Act, 1913. In section six, subsection (1) of the section to be inserted as section twenty-eight of the principal Act.

11 A12 Geo.6. The Industrial Assurance and In section eighteen, para-

c. 39. Friendly Societies Act, 1948. graph(c) of subsection (2) and the words " and 3 In the Fifth Schedule, paragraph 3.

interpretation and repeals. 56 & 57 Vict c. 39.

Citation, construction, extent and commencement.

Section 11.

Y14

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 44

Finance Ac, 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Part I Customs and Excise

Section

1. Reduction of entertainments duty.

2. Extension of certain exemptions to entertainments provided by local

authorities or their committees.

3. Chicory (customs duties and drawbacks).

4. Five-year extension of key industry duty.

5. Relief from silk duties on temporary importations.

6. Exemption of works of art from import duties.

Part II Purchase Tax

7. Charge of tax on cessation of registration.

8. Registration of manufacturers making goods to be let out on hire.

9. Power to impose conditions as to use of a certificate of registration.

10. Operations affecting tax classification to be treated as processes of

manufacture.

11. Power to define the difference between processes of manufacture and

repairs, maintenance or alterations.

12. Tax in respect of unfinished or incomplete goods.

13. Valuation of goods.

Part III Income Tax and Profits Tax

14. Charge of income tax for 1954-55.

15. Further provision for repayment of post-war credits.

16. New provision for " investment allowances."

17. Company reconstructions etc. without change of ownership.

18. Right to carry back loss sustained in last year of business.

19. Carry forward of management expenses by life assurance and other

companies.

20. Capital allowances (right to set against general income).

21. Treatment of demolition costs for purposes of capital allowances etc.

22. Provision for capital allowances in respect of certain land.

23. Capital allowances etc. (amendment as to certain sales).

24. Consular officers and employees.

25. Salaries of employees of International Wheat Council.

26. Form of Schedule A assessments etc.

27. Relief from first assessments on trades, etc., in Isles of Scilly.

Part IV Estate Duty

28. Reduced rate of duty on certain business assets.

29. Amendments restricting Finance Act, 1940, s. 55, where deceased did

not have voting control of company.

30. Other amendments of, or affecting Finance Act, 1940, s. 55.

31. Interpretation of and provisions supplementary to ss. 28 to 30.

32. Extension of certain exemptions.

33. Aggregation.

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

175

Part V Miscellaneous

Section.

34. Amendments as to Sinking Funds, and as to manner of accounting for

issues out of Consolidated Fund.

35. Short title, etc.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Rates of entertainments duty.

Second Schedule—Provisions supplementary to s. 16 (new provision for " investment allowances ").

Third Schedule—Provisions supplementary to s. 17 (company reconstructions etc. without change of ownership).

Fourth Schedule—Provisions supplementary to s. 18 (right to carry back loss sustained in last year of business).

Fifth Schedule—Amendments consequential on abolition of permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

Sixth Schedule—Repeals.

An Act to grant certain duties, to alter other duties, and to amend the law relating to the National Debt and the Public Revenue, and to make further provision in connection with Finance.

[30th July, 1954]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

VJK7E, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the yy Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty’s public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Customs and Excise

I.—(1) The three scales of entertainments duty provided for Reduction of by section two of the Finance Act, 1952, shall be those set out entertainments in the First Schedule to this Act, the first, or lowest, scale in duty*

Part I of that Schedule, the second in Part II, and the third, or highest, in Part III.

(2) This section shall apply, and shall be deemed to have applied, to payments for admission (whenever made) to entertainments held on or after the thirtieth day of May, nineteen hundred

176

Ch. 44

Finance Act> 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Part I

—cont.

Extension of certain exemptions

to

entertainments provided by local

authorities or their committees.

and fifty-four; and where entertainments duty has been charged on any payment made before that day and by virtue of this section a less amount of duty should have been charged than the amount which was in fact charged, the person by whom the duty was paid shall be entitled to repayment of the overcharge.

2,—(1) The expressions " society, institution or committee " and "society" in the enactments conferring the following exemptions from entertainments duty, that is to say—

(a) the exemption for performances provided by a body whose aims, objects and activities are partly educational,

(b) the exemption for certain amateur performances,

(c) the exemption for certain amateur sports,

() the exemptions for exhibitions,

(e) the exemption for entertainments provided for partly scientific purposes,

shall, for the purposes of those exemptions, include a local authority and any committee or sub-committee of a local authority.

(2) On a claim made by a local authority (but not by a committee or sub-committee) in respect of the exemption for performances provided by a body whose aims, objects and activities are partly educational, or of the exemption for certain amateur performances, the Commissioners shall have regard to the entertainments provided by the local authority, being entertainments which are, or apart from either of those exemptions would be, chargeable on the first scale of duty, and shall treat the local authority as not established or conducted for profit if they are satisfied that those entertainments are not provided for profit; and in considering for the purposes of the first of those two exemptions whether the local authority’s aims, objects and activities are partly educational, the Commissioners shall have regard to those entertainments, and not to any other activities of the local authority.

(3) On a claim made as aforesaid in respect of the exemption for certain amateur sports, the Commissioners shall have regard to the entertainments provided by the local authority, being entertainments consisting of games, races or other sports which are, or apart from that exemption would be, chargeable on the second scale of duty, and shall treat the local authority as established and conducted for the promotion and furtherance of amateur games or sports, and as not established or conducted for profit, if they are satisfied that the local authority provides the entertainments to which they are to have regard under this subsection for the promotion and furtherance of amateur games and sports, and not for profit.

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

177

(4) On a claim made as aforesaid in respect of any of the exemptions for exhibitions or the exemption for entertainments provided for partly scientific purposes, the Commissioners shall have regard to the entertainments provided by the local authority of a kind to which the exemption relates, and shall treat the load authority as not established or conducted for profit if they are satisfied that those entertainments are not provided for profit.

(5) The provisions of this section shall not restrict the cases in which a reduced rate of duty is chargeable under section fifteen of the Finance Act, 1950 (which relates to entertainments consisting partly of a cinematograph film and partly of some entertainment which by itself would be chargeable on the first scale of duty).

(6) This section shall apply, and shall be deemed to have applied, to payments for admission (whenever made) to any entertainment held on or after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, and to any previous entertainment as respects which a claim for exemption made before that date had not then been disposed of by the Commissioners.

(7) In this section—

(a) " the exemption for performances provided by a body whose aims, objects and activities are partly educational " means the exemption conferred by section eight of the Finance Act, 1946, in respect of entertainments consisting of one or more of the items mentioned in paragraphs (a), (h), (c), (e), (/) or (i) of subsection (1) of that section;

(b) "the exemption for certain amateur performances’' means the exemption conferred by section ten of the Finance Act, 1949;

(c) " the exemption for certain amateur sports " means the exemption conferred by section seven of the Finance Act, 1953;

() " the exemptions for exhibitions " means the exemptions conferred by section eight of the Finance Act, 1946, in respect of entertainments consisting of one or more of the items mentioned in paragraphs (g) or (h) of subsection (1) of that section and the exemption conferred by section eleven of the Finance Act, 1923;

(e) " the exemption for entertainments provided for partly scientific purposes " means the exemption conferred by subsection (5) of section one of the Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916, in respect of entertainments provided for partly scientific purposes.

Part I —cant.

178

Ch. 44

Finance Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

Part I

—cont. Chicory (customs duties and drawbacks).

Five-year extension of key

industry duty.

Relief from silk duties on temporary importations.

3. —(1) The enactments relating to the duties of customs and drawbacks on chicory and mixtures of coffee and chicory shall be amended as follows.

(2) In subsection (1) of section three of the Finance Act, 1924 (which relates to the full rates of duty), rates of 19s. Od. per cwt. and 3d. per lb. shall be substituted for the rates of 13s. 3d. per cwt. and 2d. per lb. respectively applicable to chicory (raw or kiln-dried) and chicory (roasted or ground).

(3) Section eight of the Finance Act, 1919 (which relates to imperial preference), shall have effect as if the reduced rates specified in the Second Schedule to that Act were, in the case of chicory (raw or kiln-dried), 16s. 9|. per cwt. and, in the case of chicory (roasted or ground), 2§. per lb.

(4) Mixtures of roasted coffee and roasted chicory shall be chargeable with duty at the like rates as roasted chicory.

(5) In subsection (4) of section three of the Finance Act, 1924 (which relates to the drawbacks on roasted coffee, roasted chicory and mixtures of them),—

(a) for the rate of 11s. Od. per 100 lbs. applicable to chicory

there shall be substituted a rate of 17s. Od. per 100 lbs.;

and

(b) for the rate of 11s. Od. per 100 lbs. applicable to mixtures

there shall be substituted a rate of 14s. Od. per 100 lbs.;

(c) for the proviso there shall be substituted the following:—

"Provided that, in the case of the drawback on chicory, the rate thereof shall, if the duty paid on the chicory was the customs duty at the reduced rate payable under section eight of the Finance Act, 1919, be 15s. Od. instead of 17s. Od."

(6) This section shall have effect as from the seventh day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

4. Part I of the Safeguarding of Industries Act, 1921, shall continue in force until the beginning of the nineteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-nine.

5. —(1) Section twelve of the Finance Act, 1951 (which authorises the Commissioners in the interests of the export trade to grant relief from duties chargeable under Part I of the Import Duties Act, 1932, or under the Safeguarding of Industries Act, 1921, on certain temporarily imported goods), shall apply in relation to the silk and artificial silk duties as it applies in relation to those duties.

(2) In this section the expression " the silk and artificial silk duties " means any duty of customs chargeable under section

1954

Finance Act, 1954

Ch. 44

179

four of the Finance Act, 1925, section five of the Finance Act, Part I 1926, section five of the Finance Act, 1932, or section nine of the Finance Act, 1933.

(3) This section shall have effect as respects goods of which entry under the customs Acts on importation is made after the commencement of this Act or which are delivered from bonded warehouse after that time.

6. Section four of the Finance Act, 1937 (under which certain Exemption of works of art may be exempted from import duties conditionally ™orks. upon their certification as works of art), shall apply to works of dudesimp0rt art of any description and accordingly in that section, subsection

(4) and in subsection (1) the words " to which this section applies", shall cease to have effect.

Part II Purchase Tax

7.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, when a person Charge of tax ceases to be required to be registered, purchase tax shall become Venation chargeable in respect of any chargeable goods then in his owner- 8 ship in respect of which tax has not become chargeable on any appropriation or application by him, and which he acquired under a purchase of goods as stock for his business or as materials or which were imported for him as stock for his business or as materials or which have been manufactured by him, as if they bad been delivered by him under a chargeable purchase from him while he was required to be registered.

(2) Payment of tax due by virtue of the foregoing subsection shall, subject to any conditions the Commissioners may impose for the purpose of protecting the revenue, be deferred for such period as the Commissioners may allow having regard to the said purpose and to the time when tax in respect of the goods might have been expected to become payable if the said person had continued to be required to be registered; and if he satisfies the Commissioners that any of the goods have been sold to a registered person as stock or as materials or exported by him within the period so allowed, or within any further period which they may allow, the tax chargeable under this section in respect of the goods so sold or exported shall be remitted or, if it has been paid, shall be repaid.

(3) In this section—

(a) the references to a purchase of goods as stock or as materials shall be construed in accordance with subsection (1) of section twenty-four of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940;

180 Ch. 44 Finance , 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Part II (b) the reference to an importation of goods as stock or as

—cent. materials shall be construed in accordance with subsec-

tion (2) of section ten of the Finance Act, 1944; and

(c) the reference to manufacturing goods shall be construed as a reference to making goods or applying a process in the course of making goods.

(4) While any tax for which any person is accountable by virtue of this section remains unpaid, any regulations for the time being in force under section thirty-three of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940 (under which the Commissioners may make provision for requiring registered persons to keep accounts and for applying to them any enactment relating to a duty of excise or customs), shall apply to him as if he were a registered person.

(5) This section shall have effect as respects persons ceasing to be registered on or after the first day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

Registration of 8.—(1) The reference to manufacturers whose business manufacturers includes the selling of chargeable goods in subsection (1) of tobetet^outonsection twenty-three of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940 (under j,irc which such manufacturers are required to be registered), and any

other reference in the enactments relating to purchase tax to such manufacturers shall include references to manufacturers whose business includes the letting out on hire of goods manufactured by than.

(2) For the purposes of the proviso to subsection (1) of the said section twenty-three (which exempts from registration persons whose annual gross takings from sales of chargeable goods do not exceed five hundred pounds) any appropriation by a manufacturer of goods manufactured by hum to the purposes of any business of letting out chargeable goods on hire shall be deemed to be a sale at a price equal to the wholesale value of the goods.

(3) In this section references to manufacturing goods shall be construed as references to making goods or applying a process in the course of making goods.

Power to 9.—(1) At the end of subsection (1) of section fourteen of the

•mposc Finance Act, 1944 (which authorises the Commissioners to aTtouseof a impose, as a condition of the holding of a certificate of registration,

certificate of a requirement that security is given for payment of tax), there registration, shall be added the words 44 or that he shall make representations as being the holder of a certificate of registration only in such circumstances or as respects such classes of goods as the Commissioners may from time to time direct, or both of those requirements ".

(2) The power conferred by the foregoing subsection shall not be exercisable as respects a person who is a registered person at the date of the passing of this Act, but if before that date the Com-

1954

Finance Act, 1954

Ch. 44

181

missioners entered into any arrangement or agreement with him as Part II to the cases in which he should make representations as being the —cont. holder of a certificate of registration, or imposed any requirement to die like effect under any practice established for the granting of certificates of registration, and the arrangement, agreement or requirement is in force at that date, subsection (1) of the said section fourteen shall apply as if that arrangement, agreement or requirement were a requirement imposed in exercise of the said power.

(3) In subsections (1) and (2) of section fifteen of the Finance Act, 1944 (which affords relief from double charge of purchase tax in cases where a person does not hold a certificate of registration), the references to those cases shall include references to cases where a person refrains from making a representation to obtain goods without payment of tax in pursuance of a requirement imposed on him by or under this section.

10. Section twenty-three of the Finance Act, 1948 (which Operations provides that any treatment of goods affecting their get-up which aJfcc(j|l* *•* results in the goods becoming chargeable goods or becoming to^ treated goods in respect of which tax is chargeable at a higher rate shall processes of be regarded as a process of manufacture), shall apply in relation manufacture, to any treatment of goods which affects the goods themselves as it applies in relation to a treatment which affects the get-up of the goods.

11. —(1) If it appears to the Treasury necessary for the protec- Power to

tion of the revenue that for any class of goods the difference define the should be defined for the purposes of purchase tax between ^?®rence cases where the carrying out of an operation amounts to a Qf

process of manufacture and cases where it constitutes no more manufacture than the repair, maintenance or alteration of the goods to which and repairs, it is applied, they may by order specify as respects any class of maintenance goods the cases in which specified kinds of operations are to be or altcrat,OD6* treated for those purposes as processes applied in the course of

making goods.

(2) Subsections (3) to (5) of section twenty-one of the Finance Act, 1948 (which contain supplementary provisions about orders under that section, including provision for their submission to the House of Commons), shall apply to orders under this section and any such order shall be treated as an order extending the incidence of tax for the purposes of subsection (5) of that section (which makes such an order subject to affirmative approval by resolution of the House of Commons).

12. —(1) Purchase tax in respect of any goods of a prescribed Tax in respect class shall be chargeable on the wholesale value thereof finished of unfinished and complete, and for the purpose of section twenty-one of the ^3£>mp c

182

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1954

2&3Euz.2

Part II Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940 (which relates to the determination of —cont. wholesale value), any goods of a prescribed class in respect of which tax is chargeable shall be assumed to be in that state.

(2) It shall be for the Commissioners to determine for any goods of a prescribed class, or for any type of goods of a prescribed class, what processes those goods, or goods of that type, must have undergone if they are to be regarded for the purposes of this section as finished, what parts and accessories are for those purposes to be deemed to belong to such goods when complete and what type of any part or accessory deemed to belong to such goods when complete, goods lacking that part or accessory are to be treated for those purposes as having.

(3) In exercising their powers under this section the Commissioners shall wherever practicable have regard to any standard specification for the type of goods in question and to the common practice of users of such goods.

(4) In this section the expression "prescribed class* means mechanically propelled vehicles and such other classes of goods as the Treasury may by order direct, and the power of making orders under this section shall include power to direct that for the purposes of this section and any other enactment relating to purchase tax goods without a specified part or accessory shall fall within the same class as goods complete with that part or accessory, being a class which is a prescribed class or part of a prescribed class.

(5) For the said purposes a vehicle designed to be mechanically propelled shall be deemed to be mechanically propelled, whether or not complete with an engine and other parts and accessories required for the purpose.

(6) Subsections (3) to (6) of section twenty-one of the Finance Act, 1948 (which contain supplementary provisions about orders under that section, including power to vary and revoke and provision for their submission to the House of Commons), shall apply to orders under this section and any such order which has the effect of increasing the tax chargeable in respect of any goods shall be treated as an order increasing the rate of tax for the purposes of subsection (5) of that section (which makes such an order subject to affirmative approval by resolution of the House of Commons).

(7) The provisions of subsection (5) of this section may be varied or revoked as if they were contained in an order under this section.

(8) Section twenty-four of the Finance Act, 1948 (which relates to changes in the charge to tax in relation to pre-existing contracts), shall apply to any change made by or under this section in the amount of tax chargeable in respect of any goods as it applies to changes in the rate at which tax is chargeable in respect of any goods.

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

183

13.—(1) Section twenty-one of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940 (which relates to the determination of wholesale value), shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this section.

(2) Where the goods to be valued are goods bought by a retail trader under a chargeable purchase (whether from a wholesale merchant or from the manufacturer of the goods), or imported in pursuance of a purchase by such a trader, then, unless it appears to the Commissioners—

(a) that by reason of the quantity of the goods comprised

in the purchase, the price payable thereunder is. lower than the price which would be paid by retail traders in general for goods of the like description; or

(b) that the retail trader, in carrying on his business in respect of such goods, performs any of the functions usually performed by wholesale merchants, or otherwise enjoys any purchasing advantage over retail traders in general; or

(c) that the seller mainly sells to persons whose purchases are substantially greater than those made by the majority of retail traders,

the wholesale value of the goods as determined under the said section twenty-one shall not exceed a sum equal to the price payable under the purchase, exclusive of purchase tax and properly adjusted so as to take account of any circumstances differentiating the purchase from a sale made in the circumstances specified in the Eighth Schedule to the said Act of 1940 and of any difference between the actual state of the goods and the state in which they are to be assumed to be for the purposes of valuation.

(3) Where the goods to be valued are not goods bought or imported as mentioned in subsection (2) of this section or, being such goods, are excluded from the operation of that subsection under paragraph (<z), (b) or (c) thereof, the Commissioners shall, in determining the price which the goods would fetch on a sale made as mentioned in subsection (1) of the said section twenty-one, have regard to the extent to which goods of the like description are sold to retail traders in general by manufacturers as well as by wholesale merchants.

(4) Any estimate of the amount of purchase tax chargeable in any circumstances to be made by the Commissioners for the purposes of any enactment relating to the registration of wholesale merchants and manufacturers shall be made by reference to the said section twenty-one without the amendments effected by this section.

(5) This section shall come into force on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-five.

Part II

—con/.

Valuation of goods.

184

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Charge of income tax for 1954-55.

Further provision for repayment of post-war credits.

Part UI Income Tax and Profits Tax

14. Income tax for the year 1954-55 shall be charged at the standard rate of nine shillings in the pound and, in the case of an individual whose total income exceeds two thousand pounds, at such higher rates in respect of the excess over two thousand pounds as Parliament may hereafter determine.

15. —(1) Where a man or woman who has died or become bankrupt would, but for that, be entitled on making the proper application under section twenty-six of the Finance Act, 1946 (which provides for the repayment of post-war credits to elderly persons), to payment of a post-war credit to which that section applies, then (subject to the provisions of this section) the person for the time being having the title to the credit shall be entitled to receive the payment.

(2) Notwithstanding the proviso to subsection (4) of section seven of the Finance Act, 1941, an assignment of or charge on any such credit made by a deceased person’s personal representatives acting in their capacity as such, and not made to a legatee or, where the deceased’s estate is (or but for the credit would be) insolvent, to a creditor of the estate, and any agreement for such an assignment or charge, shall be void unless made before the commencement of this Act; and a person shall not be entitled to payment of a credit by virtue of this section if his title to the credit depends on such an assignment or charge made before that commencement but after the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-four:

Provided that for the purposes of this subsection an assignment or charge made to give effect to an agreement enforceable against the persons making the assignment or charge shall be treated as made at the time of the agreement.

(3) A person shall not be entitled to payment of a credit by virtue of this section unless he makes a written application to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in such form as they may require and they are satisfied of his right, at the time of the application, to payment (subject only to subsection (6) of this section); and the Commissioners may require such evidence as they think fit in support of applications under this section.

(4) Subsections (6) to (8) of section twenty-six of the Finance Act, 1946 (which make supplementary provision for the purposes of that section), shall apply for the purposes of this section as they apply for the purposes of that section.

(5) In this section—

(a) any reference to the person having title to a credit is a reference to the person who, on the date being fixed by the Treasury under subsection (1) of section seven of the Finance Act, 1941, would be entitled to have it credited to him; and

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

185

(b) " legatee " means, in relation to a deceased person, a person taking any property or interest in property, whether beneficially or not, under a will or other testamentary disposition of the deceased person or on his intestacy.

(6) No payments shall be made by virtue of this section before the ninth day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-four; but anything done before the commencement of this Act, and after the fourth day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, with a view to obtaining or making payment on or as soon as may be after the said ninth day of August shall be and be deemed to have been of the same effect as if this section had been in force at the time.

Id.—(1) In the cases provided for by this section, an allowance (in this Act referred to as an " investment allowance ") shall be made in respect of capital expenditure on new assets incurred after the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

(2) An investment allowance equal to one-tenth of the expenditure shall be made instead of an initial allowance under Chapter I of Part X of the Income Tax Act, 1952, in respect of expenditure on the construction of a building or structure which is to be an industrial building or structure, and any provision of the Income Tax Acts applicable to initial allowances under that Chapter shall apply instead to investment allowances under this subsection, except that—

(a) the amount of an investment allowance shall not be written off under subsection (2) of section two hundred and sixty-eight of the Income Tax Act, 1952, in ascertaining the residue of the expenditure, nor taken into account under subsection (6) of section two hundred and sixty-seven of that Act in ascertaining the maximum amount on which a balancing charge may be made; and

(b) the right to an investment allowance shall not be excluded

by section two hundred and seventy-seven of that Act (which relates to cases where mills, factories etc. allowances continue to be allowable); and

(c) paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section two hundred

and seventy-eight of that Act (by virtue of which the expenditure treated as incurred on a building or structure does not include expenditure on preparing, cutting, tunnelling or levelling land) shall not apply, but any investment allowance shall be disregarded for the purposes of subsection (3) of that section.

(3) An investment allowance equal to one-fifth of the expenditure shall be made instead of an initial allowance under Chapter II of the said Part X in respect of expenditure on the provision of new machinery or plant, and any provision of the Income Tax Acts applicable to initial allowances under that Chapter, so far

Part III

—cont.

New provision for " investment allow

m

Ch.^4

2 & 3 B 2

Part III

—cont.

Act, 1954

as it is applicable in relation to allowances for new assets, shall apply also to investment allowances under this subsection, except that—

(a) references to initial allowances in sections two hundred and eighty-one to two hundred and ninety-seven of and in the Fourteenth Schedule to the Income Tax Act, 1952 (under which an initial allowance affects the right or liability to or amount of other allowances and charges), shall not apply; and

(b) in the case of expenditure on the provision of a ship, the proviso to subsection (5) of section two hundred and seventy-nine of the said Act (which contains transitional provisions in connection with the suspension of initial allowances by the Finance Act, 1951) shall not affect the amount of any investment allowance, but where an initial allowance equal to two-fifths of the expenditure falls to be made by virtue of that proviso, either an investment allowance or an initial allowance shall be made at the option of the person entitled; and

(c) where the expenditure on new machinery or plant is allowed to be deducted in computing profits or gains for the purposes of income tax, it shall nevertheless be treated as capital expenditure for the purposes of this subsection, if it would be so treated for the purposes of the said Chapter II but for the deduction:

Provided that no investment allowance shall be made under this subsection in respect of expenditure incurred on the provision of road vehicles unless they are of a type not commonly used as private vehicles and unsuitable to be so used or are provided wholly or mainly for hire to or for the carriage of members of the public in the ordinary course of a trade.

(4) An investment allowance shall be made instead of an initial allowance under Chapter in of the said Part X in respect of expenditure to which that Chapter applies on the construction of works, and any provision of the Income Tax Acts applicable to initial allowances under that Chapter shall apply also to investment allowances under this subsection, except that—

(i a)the amount of an investment allowance shall be one-fifth of the expenditure in respect of which it is made; and

(b) investment allowances shall not be taken into account under sections three hundred and seven and three hundred and eight of the Income Tax Act, 1952, in ascertaining the residue of the expenditure:

Provided that an initial allowance may be made, at the option of the person entitled, and not an investment allowance.

(5) An investment allowance equal to one-tenth of the expenditure shall be made in respect of expenditure on buildings or

1954

Finance Act, 1954

Ch. 44

187

works in the case of which an allowance may be made under section three hundred and fourteen of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to farm and forestry buildings and works), and any provision of the Income Tax Acts applicable to allowances under that section shall apply also to investment allowances under this subsection, except that—

(a) so much of subsection (1) of that section as excludes any expenditure by reference to section one hundred and one of the said Act shall not apply; and

(b) an investment allowance in respect of any expenditure

shall be made only for the first year of assessment for which the allowance under section three hundred and fourteen falls to be made (or would fall to be made but for that exclusion).

(6) An investment allowance equal to one-fifth of the expenditure shall be made in respect of scientific research expenditure on the construction of buildings or works or the provision of new machinery or plant, being expenditure in respect of which an allowance falls to be made under section three hundred and thirty-six of the Income Tax Act, 1952, and any provision of the Income Tax Acts applicable to allowances under that section, so far as it is applicable in relation to allowances for new assets, shall apply also to investment allowances under this subsection, except that—

(a) an investment allowance in respect of any expenditure shall be made only for the first year of assessment for which the allowance under section three hundred and thirty-six falls to be made; and

(b) an investment allowance shall not be taken into account for any purpose under section three hundred and thirty-seven of that Act (which relates to the making of an additional allowance or of a charge on the termination of user etc. of assets provided for scientific research purposes) nor shall references to a scientific research allowance in Chapters I and II of Part X of that Act apply.

(7) A claim for an investment allowance shall have annexed to it a certificate stating that the expenditure was incurred on new assets and giving such particulars of the purposes for which they are to be used as show that an investment allowance falls to be made; and the certificate shall be signed by the claimant and shall be deemed to form part of the claim

(8) The Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect to provide for the withholding or withdrawal of investment allowances or the withholding of initial allowances in certain cases, and matters incidental thereto, and to amend sections two

Part III

—cant.

188

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Part III hundred and ninety-two and two hundred and ninety-six of the —cont. Income Tax Act, 1952, in connection with cases where no initial allowance is made in respect of machinery or plant, whether or not by virtue of this section.

(9) Subject to that Schedule, where it is provided by this section that an investment allowance shall be made instead of an initial allowance, no initial allowance shall be made notwithstanding that an investment allowance is for any reason not made, except where the person entitled has and exercises an option in favour of an initial allowance.

(10) In this section, " new " in relation to machinery and plant means unused and not secondhand.

(11) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section, expenditure to which it does not otherwise apply shall not be treated for the purposes of it as incurred after the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, by virtue of any of the following provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1952, that is to say, subsection (6) of section two hundred and sixty-five, subsection (2) of section two hundred and seventy-seven (as it operates on subsection (4) of section two hundred and sixty-five), subsection (2) of section two hundred and seventy-nine and subsection (1) of section three hundred and nine (which relate partly to cases where expenditure is incurred by a person for the purposes of a trade before he begins carrying it on, and partly to cases where mills, factories etc. allowances cease to be allowable).

(12) Where this section provides for an investment allowance to be made for the purposes of income tax in respect of any expenditure to a person carrying on a trade or business in respect of which he is chargeable to the profits tax, the amount of the allowance shall be deducted in computing the profits of the trade or business for the purposes of the profits tax for the accounting period in which the expenditure is incurred; and paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to this Act shall apply to the withdrawal of an allowance for the purposes of the profits tax as it applies to its withdrawal for the purposes of income tax.

Company reconstructions etc. without change of ownership.

17.—(1) A trade carried on by a company, whether alone or in partnership, shall not be treated for any of the purposes of the Income Tax Acts as permanently discontinued, nor a new trade as set up and commenced, by reason of a change in the year 1954-55 or any subsequent year of assessment in the persons engaged in carrying on the trade, if the company is the person or one of the persons so engaged immediately before the change and on or at any time within two years after the change the trade

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

189

or an interest amounting to not less than a three-fourths share in it belongs to the same persons as the trade or such an interest belonged to at some time within a year before the change.

(2) The conditions for the foregoing subsection to apply to a change may be satisfied notwithstanding that some other change, prior or subsequent to the first-mentioned change, intervenes between the times taken for the comparison under that subsection, and if they are (or continue to be) satisfied by reference to a time after some subsequent change (but still within two years after the first-mentioned change) the trade shall not be treated for any of the purposes of the Income Tax Acts as permanently discontinued, nor a new trade as set up and commenced, by reason of that subsequent change.

(3) If a trade is permanently discontinued, but on the discontinuance the activities of the trade or part of them are carried on by some person as his trade or as part of his trade,—

(a) the foregoing subsections shall apply in relation to any change in the persons engaged in carrying on the first-mentioned trade as if the two trades were the same trade, and

(b) the two trades shall be treated for all the purposes of the Income Tax Acts as if they were the same trade and as if, instead of the discontinuance, there had been a change in the persons engaged in carrying on that trade, where the effect of so treating them is that either of the foregoing subsections applies to prevent the change being treated as a discontinuance:

Provided that where the activities so carried on are part only of the activities of either of the trades in question they shall so far as necessary be treated for the purposes of this subsection as a separate trade from the other activities of that trade, and for that purpose there shall be made such apportionments as may be just of any profits or gains, losses, allowances or charges.

(4) For the purposes of this section—

(a) a trade carried on by two or more persons shall be treated as belonging to them in the shares in which they are entitled to the profits of the trade;

(b) a trade or interest therein belonging to any person as trustee (otherwise than for charitable or public purposes) shall be treated as belonging to the persons for the time being entitled to the income under the trust;

(c) a trade or interest therein belonging to a company shall,

where the result of so doing is that the conditions for subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section to apply to a change are satisfied, be treated in any of the ways permitted by the next following subsection.

Part HI

—com.

\9&

Finance Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Part 111

—com.

CH.

44

(5) For the purposes of this section, a trade or interest therein which belongs to a company engaged in carrying it on may be regarded—

(a) as belonging to the persons owning the ordinary share capital of the company and as belonging to them in proportion to the amount of their holdings of that capital, or

(b) in the case of a company which is a subsidiary company,

as belonging to a company which is its parent company, or as belonging to the persons owning the ordinary share capital of that parent company, and as belonging to them in proportion to the amount of their holdings of that capital,

and any ordinary share capital owned by a company may, if any person or body of persons has the power to secure by means of the holding of shares or the possession ot voting power in or in relation to any company, or by virtue of any power conferred by the articles of association or other document regulating any company, that the affairs of the company owning the share capital are conducted in accordance with his or their wishes, be regarded as owned by the person or body of persons having that power.

(6) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection—

(a) references to ownership shall be construed as references to beneficial ownership, and the expression "ordinary share capital " in relation to a company means all the issued share capital (by whatever name called) of the company, other than capital the holders whereof have a right to a dividend at a fixed rate or at a rate fluctuating in accordance with the standard rate of income tax, but have no other right to share in the profits of the company;

(b) a company shall be deemed to be a subsidiary of another company if and so long as not less than three-quartos of its ordinary share capital is owned by that other company, whether directly or through another company or other companies, or partly directly and partly through another company or other companies;

(r) the amount of ordinary share capital of one company owned by a second company through another company or other companies, or partly directly and partly through another company or other companies, shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Part I of the Fourth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1938;

() where any company is a subsidiary of another company that other company shall be considered as its parent company unless both are subsidiaries of a third company.

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

191

(7) In determining, for the purposes of this section, whether Part III or to what extent a trade belongs at different times to the same persons, persons who are relatives of one another and the persons

from time to time entitled to the income under any trust shall respectively be treated as a single person, and for this purpose "relative" means husband, wife, ancestor, lineal descendant, brother or sister.

(8) For the purposes of this section " company " includes any body corporate.

(9) The Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of supplementing and giving effect to this section.

18.—(1) Where a trade, profession or vocation is permanently Right to discontinued, and any person then carrying it on, either solely or carry back in partnership, has sustained therein a loss to which this section !°^ sustained applies (hereinafter referred to as a "terminal loss"), then subject to the provisions of this section he may claim that the OI amount of the terminal loss shall, as far as may be, be deducted from or set off against the amount of profits or gains on which be has been charged to tax under Schedule D in respect of the trade, profession or vocation for the three years of assessment last preceding that in which the discontinuance occurs, and there shall be made all such reductions of assessments or repayments of tax as may be necessary to give effect to the claim:

Provided that relief shall not be given in respect of the same matter both under this section and under some other provision of the Income Tax Acts.

(2) Any relief under this section shall be given as far as possible from the assessment for a later rather than for an earlier year.

(3) Where a claim is made under this section in respect of a terminal loss sustained in a trade, and relief cannot be given, or cannot be wholly given, against the profits or gains of the trade charged to tax under Schedule D for any year because the amount of those profits or gains is insufficient, then any interest or dividends on investments arising in that year, being interest or dividends which would fall to be taken into account as trading receipts in computing the profits or gains of the trade for the purpose of assessment under Case I of Schedule D but for the fact that they have been subjected to tax under other provisions of the Income Tax Acts, shall be treated for the purposes of the application of this section as if they were profits or gains on which the person carrying on the trade was assessed under the said Case I in respect of that trade for that year of assessment, and relief shall be given accordingly by repayment or otherwise.

(4) The profits or gains on which a person or partnership has been charged to tax for any year of assessment shall be treated, for the purposes of any relief under this section from the assessment for that year, as reduced by the amount of those

m

Ch. A4

2 &3 Euz.2

Part HI —coni.

Pin

<*nce Act, 1954

profits or gains applied in making any payment, where tax was deducted from the payment and was not accounted for because the payment was made out of profits or gains brought into charge, and in the case of a body of persons by the amount of those profits or gains applied in payment of dividends; and where those profits or gains are so treated as reduced by an amount applied in making any payment other than a payment of dividends, then the like reduction shall be made in the amount of the terminal loss for which relief may be given under this section from the assessments for earlier years, unless the payment was one which, if not made out of profits or gains brought into charge, could have been assessed to tax under section one hundred and seventy of the Income Tax Act, 1952, and, if so assessed, could have been treated as a loss by virtue of section three hundred and forty-five of that Act.

(5) The question whether a person has sustained any, and if so what, terminal loss in a trade, profession or vocation shall for the purposes of this section be determined by taking the amounts, if any, of the following (in so far as they have not been otherwise taken into account so as to reduce or relieve any charge to tax), that is to say—

(a) the loss sustained by him in the trade, profession or

vocation in the year of assessment in which it is permanently discontinued;

(b) the relevant capital allowances for that year of assessment;

(c) the loss sustained by him in the trade, profession or

vocation in the part of the preceding year of assessment beginning twelve months before the date of the discontinuance;

() the same fraction of the relevant capital allowances for that preceding year of assessment as the part beginning as aforesaid is of a year.

(6) In the last foregoing subsection " the relevant capital allowances " means, in relation to any year of assessment, any allowances falling to be made in charging the profits or gains of the trade, profession or vocation for that year under Parts X and XI of the Income Tax Act, 1952, excluding amounts carried forward from an earlier year, and for the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (c) of that subsection the amount of a loss shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be computed in like manner as profits or gains under the provisions of the Income Tax Acts applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D.

(7) Where a person claiming relief under this section on a discontinuance has, since the beginning of the third year of assessment preceding that in which the discontinuance occurs, carried on die trade, profession or vocation in partnership,—

(a) " the amount of profits or gains on which he has been charged to tax " shall be taken to mean, in respect of any year or part of a year for which the partnership

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

193

was assessed in respect of the trade, profession or vocation, such portion of the amount of the profits or gains on which the partnership has been, or is treated by virtue of subsection (4) of this section as having been, charged to tax in respect of it for that year or part of a year as would be required by the Income Tax Acts to be included in a return of his total income for that year; and

(b) any reduction in the amount of his terminal loss which fails to be made under the said subsection (4) by reason of profits or gains having been applied by the partnership in any such year or part of a year in making any payment shall be limited to the same proportion of the profits or gains brought into charge which were so applied; and

(c) if he was carrying on the trade, profession or vocation

in partnership immediately before the discontinuance, the amounts to be included in his terminal loss by virtue of paragraph (b) or () of subsection (5) of this section shall be such part only of the amounts therein mentioned (in so far as they have not been otherwise taken into account so as to reduce or relieve any charge to tax) as would fall to his share on a division made according to the shares in which the partners were then entitled to the profits of the trade, profession or vocation.

(8) For all the purposes of this section a trade, profession or vocation shall be treated as permanently discontinued, and a new trade, profession or vocation as set up and commenced, when it is so treated for the purposes of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1953; but—

(a) a person who continues to be engaged in carrying it on immediately after such a discontinuance shall not be entitled to relief in respect of any terminal loss on that discontinuance; and

(b) on any discontinuance, a person not continuing to be so engaged may be given relief in respect of a terminal loss against profits or gains on which he was charged in respect of the same trade, profession or vocation for a period before a previous discontinuance, if he has been continuously engaged in carrying it on between the two discontinuances, and, in his case, if the previous discontinuance occurred within twelve months before the other,—

(i) it shall be disregarded for the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (c) of subsection (5) of this section, except that those paragraphs shall be taken to include any amount on which relief could have been allowed to him as for a loss sustained before the previous discontinuance by virtue of paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of the said section nineteen, so far as it is referable to a period within those twelve months; and

G

Part m

-r-cpiir.

194 Ch. 44 Finance Act, 1954 2 & 3 Euz.2

Part 10 (ii) paragraph () of the said subsection (5) shall be

—cont‘ taken to include the whole amount of the allowances

in question, instead of the fraction there mentioned.

(9) A claim for relief under this section may require that, in so far as they have not been otherwise taken into account so as to reduce or relieve any charge to tax, allowances under Part X of the Income Tax Act, 1952, in respect of the trade, profession or vocation, being allowances which fall to be made to the clamant by way of discharge or repayment of tax and to be so made for the year of assessment in which the discontinuance occurs or the preceding year of assessment, shall be added to the terminal loss sustained by him (or, if he has not sustained a terminal loss computed in accordance with the foregoing subsections, shall be treated as a terminal loss so sustained), and the allowances to be taken into account for this purpose may include allowances arising before a previous discontinuance:

Provided that—

(a) there shall be taken into account such fraction only of the

allowances for the said preceding year of assessment as the part of that year beginning twelve months before the discontinuance giving rise to the claim is of a year; and

(b) the allowances for any year shall not be treated as including any amounts carried forward from an earlier year.

(10) The Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect to adapt and apply to the purposes of this section the provisions of the Income Tax Acts referred to in the Schedule.

(11) Where a person occupying woodlands has elected to be charged to tax in respect thereof under Schedule D, this section shall apply to a terminal loss sustained by him in the occupation thereof as it applies to a terminal loss sustained in a trade.

(12) This section shall apply where a trade, profession or vocation is permanently discontinued in the year 1954-55 or any subsequent year of assessment, and where relief falls to be given for the year 1951-52 shall apply with the necessary adaptations of references to the Income Tax Act, 1952.

Carry 19. The Income Tax Act, 1952, shall have effect as if in section

forward of four hundred and twenty-five (which enables life assurance and ot^ier companies to claim repayment of tax on an amount equal lifeassurance t01 he sums disbursed by the company as expenses of management) and other there were inserted after subsection (1) the following subsection

companies. " (1a) If, in the case of the year 1954-55 or any subsequent

year of assessment, effect cannot be given, or cannot be fully given, to the foregoing subsection because the company has not been charged to tax for that year by deduction oi otherwise, or because the sums disbursed for that year exceed the amount on which the company has been charged

1954 Finance Ac, 1954 Ch. 44

to tax for the year, an amount equal to the sums so disbursed, less any amount on which the company has been so charged, may be carried forward and treated for the purposes of this section as if it had been disbursed for any subsequent year of assessment:

Provided that relief in respect of an amount so carried forward shall be given for the first year of assessment next following, in so far as relief can be so given in accordance with the provisions of this section in respect of that amount as well as in respect of other sums disbursed or treated as disbursed for that year, and so far as it cannot be so given, then for the next year of assessment, and so on."

20.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any claim Captal made under section three hundred and forty-one of the Income SHR «»

Tax Act, 1952, for relief in respect of a loss sustained by the general claimant in any trade may require the amount of the loss to be income), determined as if an- amount equal to the capital allowances falling to be made in charging the profits or gains of the trade for the relevant year of assessment, in so far as effect cannot be so given to those allowances because of an insufficiency of profits or gains, were to be deducted in computing the profits or gains or losses of the trade in that year, and a claim may be so made notwithstanding that apart from those allowances the claimant has not sustained a loss in the trade in that year:

Provided that in the case of a claim made by virtue of subsection (3) of section fifteen of the Finance Act, 1953 (which enables a loss to be carried forward for one year for the purposes of the said section three hundred and forty-one), the deduction shall be of an amount equal to the said capital allowances in so far as, by reason of an insufficiency of profits or gains, effect cannot be given to them in charging the profits or gains of the trade for the relevant year of assessment or for the following year.

(2) Where on any claim made by virtue of this section relief is not given under the said section three hundred and forty-one for the full amount of the loss determined as aforesaid, the relief shall be referred as far as may be to the loss sustained by the claimant in the trade rather than to the capital allowances in respect of the trade.

(3) For the purposes of this section, the capital allowances falling to be made in charging the profits or gains of the trade for the relevant year of assessment shall be treated as not including any part of the allowances for an earlier year, notwithstanding that it is carried forward to the relevant year under subsection (2) of section three hundred and twenty-three of the Income Tax Act, 1952; but effect shall be deemed to be given in charging the profits or gains of the trade to allowances carried forward from an earlier year before it is given to allowances arising in a later year.

195

Part III

—cont.

Ch. 44

Piria*ce Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Part 111

—cont.

(4) Subject to the next following subsection, where for any year of assessment relief is given under the said section three hundred and forty-one by reference to any capital allowances, then for all purposes of the Income Tax Acts effect shall be deemed to have been given to those allowances up to the amount in respect of which relief is given, as if a deduction in respect thereof had been allowed in charging the profits or gains of the trade for that year, and any relief previously given for a subsequent year on the basis that effect had not been given to the allowances as aforesaid shall be adjusted, where necessary, by an additional assessment.

(5) Where in any year of assessment a trade is permanently discontinued, or is treated for the purposes of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1953, as permanently discontinued, and immediately before the discontinuance the trade was being carried on in partnership, then, notwithstanding the last foregoing subsection, for the purposes of any claim for relief made by virtue of paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of the said section nineteen or by virtue of section eighteen of this Act, and relating to that discontinuance, effect shall not be deemed to have been given either—

(a) to any part of the capital allowances falling to be made

in charging the profits or gains of the trade for that year by reason of relief given under the said section three hundred and forty-one by reference to those allowances; or

(b) to any part of the capital allowances falling to be made

in charging the profits or gains of the trade for the preceding year by reason of relief so given by reference to them, in so far as that relief must be referred to the part of the allowances apportionable to the part of the year within twelve months of the discontinuance on an apportionment made by reference to the comparative lengths of the two parts of the year;

but, where the same partner claims relief both under the said section three hundred and forty-one and under one or other of the said sections nineteen and eighteen in respect of the same allowances, the total amount for which relief is to be given to him by reference thereto shall not exceed the greater of the amounts for which, apart from any deficiency of income, relief might have been given under either section separately, and the total amount for which relief is to be given to all the partners under those sections in respect of any allowances shall not in any event exceed the amount of the allowances to which effect has not been given apart from those sections.

(6) Where a person claiming relief under the said section three hundred and forty-one has, since the end of the year for which the claim is made, carried on the trade in question in partnership,

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

197

effect shall not be given to this section in relation to that claim. Part 111 except with the written consent of, or of the personal —com. representatives of, every other person who has been engaged in carrying on the trade between the end of that year and the making of the claim:

Provided that where the claim is for a loss sustained before an event treated as the permanent discontinuance of the trade, this subsection shall not require the consent of any person as having been so engaged since that discontinuance or as the personal representative of such a person.

(7) In the foregoing subsections, " capital allowances " means allowances under Parts X and XI of the Income Tax Act, 1952, and "relevant year of assessment*’ means, in relation to any ehhn under the said section three hundred and forty-one, the year of assessment in which a loss is claimed to have been sustained.

(8) An election under the proviso to subsection (1) of section three hundred and twenty-four of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which enables an allowance under Part X of that Act of a kind given by way of discharge or repayment of tax and available primarily against a specified class of income to be set off against other income of the year in which the allowance arises), may be made for the year 1954-55 or any subsequent year of assessment with respect to an allowance for the last preceding year, so far as not previously allowed, as if the allowance were or formed part of the allowance for the year for which the election is made; and in applying that subsection as amended by this provision to any allowances, relief shall be deemed to be given in respect of an allowance carried forward from an earlier year before it is given in respect of an allowance arising in a later year.

(9) This section applies, with any necessary adaptations in relation to a profession, employment or vocation and in relation to the occupation of woodlands where the profits or gains thereof are assessable under Schedule D, as it applies in relation to a trade.

2L—(1) Where a building or structure is demolished, and the Treatment of demolition gives rise, or might give rise, to a balancing allowance demolition or charge under Chapter I of Part X to or on the person incurring SJJpoS of the cost of demolition for a year of assessment not earlier than capital the year 1954-55, the net cost to him of the demolition shall be allowances, etc. added for the purposes of that Chapter to the residue immediately before the demolition of the expenditure incurred on the construction of the property.

(2) Where machinery or plant is demolished, and the demolition either gives rise, or might give rise, to a balancing allowance or

198

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Part in charge under Chapter II of Part X for any such year to or on the person incurring the cost of demolition, or (by virtue of paragraph 2 of the Sixth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1952) affects or might affect such an allowance or charge on the permanent discontinuance of a trade, the net cost to turn of the demolition shall be added for the purposes of that Chapter to the amount of the capital expenditure incurred on the provision of that machinoy or plant still unallowed as at the time of the demolition or of the discontinuance, as the case may be.

(3) The net cost to a person of the demolition of an asset representing expenditure of his to which Chapter III of Part X applies (if the cost is incurred in his basis period for any such year of assessment) shall be added for the purposes of that Chapter to the residue immediately before the demolition of the expenditure represented by the asset.

(4) Where subsection (3) of section three hundred and thirty-seven of the Income Tax Act, 1952, has effect on the demolition of an asset representing scientific research expenditure, the cost of the demolition to the person carrying on the trade shall for the purposes of subsection (2) of section three hundred and thirty-seven of that Act (as applied by the said subsection (3)) be added to the scientific research expenditure represented by the asset

(5) The cost or net cost to a person of the demolition of any property shall not, if any of the foregoing subsections applies to it, be treated for the purposes of Part X or XI as expenditure incurred in respect of any other property by which that property is replaced.

(6) Notwithstanding the last foregoing subsection, the cost of demolishing any machinery or plant winch is replaced by other machinery or plant shall be treated, for the purposes ot subsection (2) of section two hundred and ninety-six of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to the allowances on the replacement of obsolete machinery or plant, but applies only to machinery or plant provided before the appointed day), both as an amount expended in replacing the machinery or plant and as part of the cost of the machinery or plant replaced.

(7) In this section, any reference to Part X or to Part XI is a reference to that Part of the Income Tax Act, 1952, and any reference to the net cost of the demolition of any property is a reference to the excess, if any, of the cost of the demolition over any moneys received for the remains of the property.

(8) This section, so far as it relates to any Chapter of Part X or to Part XI, shall be construed as if contained in that Chapter or in Part XI, as the case may be.

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

199

22.—(1) In computing the profits and gains or losses for any Part lit period of a trade which consists of or includes the carrying on —cont. of a cemetery there shall be allowed as a deduction— Provision for

(a) any capital expenditure incurred by the person engaged allowances in

in carrying on the trade in providing any land in the respect of cemetery sold during that period for the purpose of certain land, interments; and

(b) the appropriate fraction of the residue at the end of that

period of the capital expenditure defined in subsection (2) of this section.

(2) The capital expenditure mentioned in paragraph (b) of the foregoing subsection is capital expenditure incurred for the purposes of the trade in question by the person engaged in carrying it on, being—

(a) expenditure on any building or structure other than a dwelling-house, being a building or structure in the cemetery likely to have little or no value when the cemetery is full; and

(b) expenditure incurred in providing land taken up by any

such building or structure and any other land in the cemetery not suitable or adaptable for use for interments and likely to have little or no value when the cemetery is full:

Provided that it does not include expenditure incurred on buildings or structures which have been destroyed before the beginning of the first period to which subsection (1) of this section applies in the case of the trade, and only includes that fraction of other expenditure incurred before that time which is equal to the number of grave-spaces which at that time were or could have been made available in the cemetery for sale divided by that number plus the number already sold.

(3) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the residue of any expenditure at the end of a period is the amount incurred before that time which remains after deducting—

(i) any amount allowed in respect of that expenditure under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section in computing the profits and gains or losses of the trade for any previous period, and

(ii) if after the beginning of the first period to which subsection (1) of this section applies in the case of the trade and before the end of the period mentioned at the beginning of this subsection any asset representing that expenditure is sold or destroyed, the net proceeds of sale, or, as the case may be, any insurance money or other compensation of any description received by the person carrying on the trade in respect

200

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1954

2 & 3 Buz. 2

Part 1)1

—COM.

of the destruction and any money received by him for the remains of the asset; and

(b) the appropriate fraction of the residue of any expenditure at the end of any period is that represented by the number of grave-spaces in the cemetery sold in the period divided by that number added to the number of grave-spaces which at the end of the period are or could be made available in the cemetery for sale.

(4) Where in the year 1954-55 or any subsequent year of assessment there is a change in the persons engaged in carrying on a trade which consists of or includes the carrying on of a cemetery, any allowance to be made under this section to the persons carrying on the trade after the change shall, whether or not it is to be assumed for other purposes that the trade was discontinued and a new trade set up and commenced, be computed as if they had at all times been engaged in carrying on the trade, and as if everything done to or by any of their predecessors in carrying on the trade had been done to or by them, and without regard to the price paid on any sale on the occasion of any such change.

(5) No expenditure shall be taken into account both under paragraph (a) and paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section, whether for the same or different periods.

(6) This section shall apply in relation to a trade which consists of or includes the carrying on of a crematorium and in connection therewith the maintenance of memorial garden plots, as it applies in relation to a trade which consists of or includes the carrying on of a cemetery, but subject to the modifications that—

(a) references to the cemetery or land in the cemetery shall be taken as references to the land which is devoted wholly to memorial garden plots; and

(b) references to grave-spaces shall be taken as references to

memorial garden plots; and

(c) references to the sale or use of land for interments shall be taken as references to its sale or use for manorial garden plots.

(7) In this section references to the sale of land include references to the sale of a right of interment in land and to the appropriation of part of a memorial garden in return for a dedication fee or similar payment, and references to capital expenditure incurred in providing land shall be taken as references to the cost of purchase and to any capital expenditure incurred in levelling or draining it or otherwise rendering it suitable for the purposes of a cemetery or memorial garden.

(8) Section three hundred and thirty-two of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to expenditure which is reimbursed to a person carrying on a trade), shall apply for the purposes of this section as it applies for the purposes of Part X of that Act.

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

201

23. As respects allowances and charges under Parts X Part til and XI of the Income Tax Act, 1952, for the year 1954-55 and —com. subsequent years of assessment, the following provisions shall Capital have effect with respect to section three hundred and twenty-seven allowances etc. of and the Fourteenth Schedule to that Act (which make special ^l^ertaiii provision as to the effect of sales between companies under sales), common control and other cases):—

(a) an election may not be made under paragraph 4 of the

Schedule if—

(i) any of the parties to the sale is not resident in the United Kingdom at the time of sale; and

(ii) the circumstances are not at that time such that an allowance or charge under Part X or XI of that Act falls or might fall to be made to or on that party in consequence of the sale;

but except for that the Schedule shall have effect in relation to a sale notwithstanding that it is not fully applicable by reason of the non-residence of a party to the sale or otherwise;

(b) the operation of paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Schedule shall

not be restricted to cases where the property is sold at a price other than that which it would have fetched if sold in the open market (and accordingly those paragraphs shall have effect as if in paragraph ( ) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 3 and in paragraph (a) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 4 for the words " the reference " there were substituted the words " each of the references "):

Provided that paragraph (a) of this section shall not apply in the case of a sale made before the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, where the property was sold at a price other than that which it would have fetched if sold in the open market.

24.—(1) Where a consular officer or employee in the United Consular Kingdom of any foreign state to which this section applies— officers and

(a) is not a citizen of the United Kingdom and colonies; and employecs*

(b) is not engaged in any trade, profession, vocation or

employment in the United Kingdom, otherwise than as such a consular officer or employee; and

(c) either is a permanent employee of that state or was not

ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom immediately before he became a consular officer or employee in the United Kingdom of that state; then any income of his falling within Case IV or V of Schedule D (which relate to income from overseas property) shall be exempt from income tax, and he shall be treated as not resident in the United Kingdom for the purposes of sections one hundred and twenty and one hundred and ninety of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which exempt certain dividends etc. of non-residents).

G*

Ch. AA

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

282

PMtt HI —con/.

Salaries of employees of International Wheat Council.

Ffnt

ce Act, 1954

(2) Without prejudice to section four hundred and sixty-two of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which exempts from tax the emoluments of foreign consular officers and certain foreign consular employees), the income arising from a person’s employment in the United Kingdom as a consular employee of any foreign state to which this section applies shall be exempt from income tax, except in the case of a person who is not a national of that state but is a citizen of the United Kingdom and colonies.

(3) For the purposes of this section, "consular employee" includes any person employed, for the purposes of the official business of a consular officer, at any consulate or consular establishment or at any other premises used for those purposes.

(4) This section shall apply to any foreign state to which Her Majesty by Order in Council directs that it shall apply for the purpose of giving effect to any consular convention or other arrangement with that state making similar provision in the case of Her Majesty’s consular officers or employees in that state:

Provided that any such Order in Council may limit the operation of this section in relation to any state in such manner as appears to Her Majesty to be necessary or expedient having regard to the arrangement with that state.

(5) Any Order in Council under this section may be made so as to have effect from a date earlier than the making of the Order or the passing of this Act (but not earlier than the coming into force of the arrangement with regard to which it is made), may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council and may contain such transitional provisions as appear to Her Majesty to be necessary or expedient.

(6) Any statutory instrument under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

25.—(1) So long as the seat of the International Wheat Council established by the International Wheat Agreement signed at Washington on the twenty-third day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-nine, is in the United Kingdom, an employee of the said Council who is not a citizen of the United Kingdom and colonies shall enjoy exemption from income tax in respect of any emoluments received by him as an officer or servant of the said Council.

(2) This section shall be deemed to have applied to emoluments for any period since the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-three (that is to say the date on which the Government of the United Kingdom ceased to be a member of the said Council).

(3) This section shall be without prejudice to the powers conferred by the International Organisations (Immunities and Privileges) Act, 1950 (which relates to organisations of which the Government of the United Kingdom is a member).

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

203

26. In the Income Tax Act, 1952, there shall be omitted— Part in

—cortt.

(a) subsections (2) and (3) of section thirty-four (which Form of

relate to the form of assessments under Schedules A and Schedule A B and to the abstracts of particulars contained in assessments returns made for the purposes of Schedule A); etc*

(b) in subsection (2) of section sixty-seven (which relates to

the arrangements for securing the collection of tax after assessments have been made) the words " the clerk to the Commissioners shall transmit the books of assessment to the surveyor and ", and the proviso.

27. Where a person is charged to income tax in the Isles of Relief from Scilly for the year 1954-55 under Case I or II of Schedule D in first

respect of a trade, profession or vocation not carried on by him 00

elsewhere in the United Kingdom, and on a claim made for the in of ’ purposes of this section within twelve months from the end of Scilly. that year it is proved that the actual profits or gains of the trade, profession or vocation for that year are less than those by reference to which tax falls to be charged in respect of it for that year, then—

(a) that person shall be entitled to such relief from income tax, other than surtax, as will reduce the amount of income tax, other than surtax, payable to the amount which would have been payable if the tax had fallen to be charged by reference to the actual profits or gains for that year; and

(b) if that person is an individual or a partnership of or including individuals, any individual concerned shall be entitled to such relief from the surtax, if any, payable by him for that year as will reduce the amount of surtax so payable to the amount which would have been payable if the tax had fallen to be charged as aforesaid.

Part IV Estate Duty

28.—(I) Where a business or an interest in a business passes Reduced rate on a death, any estate duty chargeable on the death in respect of of duty on industrial hereditaments used in and occupied for the purposes of the business or in respect of machinery or plant so used shall (except as hereinafter provided) be charged in accordance with a scale of rates of duty representing the usual scale for the time bring in force with a reduction of forty-five per cent, in each of the rates.

G* 2

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(2) Where any shares in or debentures of a company in respect of which estate duty is chargeable on a death fall to be valued by reference to the value of the company’s assets in accordance with section fifty-five of the Finance Act, 1940,—

(a) the duty shall be charged in accordance with subsection (1) of this section on the relevant proportion of the net value of the shares or debentures; and

(b) if the company is engaged in husbandry or forestry, the duty shall be charged at the reduced rates for the time being in force for the purposes of section twenty-three of the Finance Act, 1925, on such proportion of that net value as is attributable to the agricultural value (within the meaning of the said section twenty-three) of agricultural property occupied by the company for the purposes of that husbandry or forestry or, where the occupation is partly for those and partly for other purposes, the part of that agricultural value which ought justly to be apportioned to the occupation for those purposes.

(3) The reference in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of this section to the relevant proportion of the net value of shares or debentures refers to such part of that value as is attributable to the value of any of the following, namely:—

(a) industrial hereditaments used in and occupied for the purposes of the company’s business and machinery and plant so used;

(b) shares in or debentures of a subsidiary of the company

in so far as their value is attributable—

(i) to the value of industrial hereditaments used in and occupied for the purposes of the business of that or any other subsidiary of the company, or of machinery or plant so used; or

(ii) to the value of any interest a subsidiary of the company has as lessor in property let to the company by the subsidiary and consisting either of industrial hereditaments used in and occupied for the purposes of the company’s business or of machinery or plant so used;

(c) any interest the company has as lessor in any property

let by the company to a subsidiary of it and consisting either of industrial hereditaments used in and occupied for the purposes of that subsidiary’s business or of machinery or plant so used.

(4) Where subsection (2) of this section applies to shares in or debentures of a company passing on a death, any interest of the deceased as lessor in industrial hereditaments used in and occupied

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

205

for the purposes of the company's business or in machinery or plant so used shall, if chargeable with duty on his death, be charged in accordance with subsection (1) of this section; but save as aforesaid the said subsection (1) shall apply only to the interest of the person carrying on the business in question.

(5) In the case of a company’s business treated as passing on a death by virtue of section forty-six of the Finance Act, 1940, duty shall be charged in accordance with subsection (1) of this section in respect of the company's assets in so far as they fall within paragraphs (b) and (c) of subsection (3) of this section (as well as assets falling within subsection (1)).

(6) The relief from estate duty conferred by this section in respect of, or by reference to the value of, machinery or plant used in any business shall, in the case of machinery or plant not used exclusively in that business, be such part only of the relief conferred apart from this subsection as appears to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to be just and reasonable having regard to all the relevant circumstances of the case and. in particular, to the extent of any other use (whether for business purposes or not).

(7) Land or premises used in a business shall be treated for the purposes of this section as an industrial hereditament if it falls to be treated as an industrial hereditament (or industrial lands and heritages) for purposes of valuation for rating or, in the case of land or premises outside Great Britain, would fall to be so treated if situated in England:

Provided that, in the case of land or premises occupied and used partly for industrial purposes and partly for other purposes, the value shall be apportioned between those purposes and the land or premises shall be treated according to that apportionment as partly being and partly not being an industrial hereditament.

(8) The value to be apportioned under the proviso to the last foregoing subsection is the net annual value for rating (or, in the case of land or premises outside Great Britain, a corresponding value), and subsection (2) of section four of the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, shall apply for the purposes of that proviso, but with the substitution for the reference to the net annual value not exceeding fifty pounds of a reference to the principal value not exceeding one thousand pounds and with the necessary adaptation in relation to land or premises outside Great Britain of other references to net annual value.

(9) In this section, " business " does not include a business carried on in the exercise of a profession or vocation, or carried on otherwise than for gain.

Part IV

—corn.

206

Ch. 44

Finance Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Part iv (10) Nothing in this section shall apply—

(a) to a business for the sale of which a binding contract has been entered into, other than a sale to a company formed for the purpose of carrying it on made in consideration wholly or mainly of shares in that company; or

(b) to the business of a company with respect to which a winding-up order has been made, or which has passed a resolution for voluntary winding-up (unless only with a view to a reconstruction or amalgamation), or which is otherwise in process of liquidation (unless only with that view);

nor to assets used in any such business, or shares in or debentures of any such company.

Amendments restricting Finance Act, 1940, s. 55, where deceased did not have voting control of company.

29.—(1) In section fifty-five of the Finance Act, 1940 (under which shares in or debentures of a company are in certain cases to be valued for estate duty by reference to the value of the company’s assets), the following provisions shall be omitted, that is to say—

(a) in subsection (1), paragraphs and (c), with the word

" or " at the end of paragraph (a); and

(b) in subsection (3), paragraph (b), with the word "or" at the end of paragraph (a) and the words "or capacity ";

but in the cases dealt with by subsections (2) to (4) of this section, the said section fifty-five shall apply as if the deceased had, within five years of his death, had control of the company otherwise than in a fiduciary capacity, but shall apply only to the valuation of shares in or debentures of the company as respects which the conditions of subsection (5) of this section are satisfied.

(2) The said section fifty-five shall apply as aforesaid if, during a continuous period of two years falling wholly within the five years ending with his death, the deceased had powers equivalent to control of the company.

(3) The said section fifty-five shall apply as aforesaid, if during any such period as aforesaid the dividends declared by the company and the interest accruing due on debentures of the company are, as to amounts forming in the aggregate more than one-half of the total amount of the dividends and interest, to be treated by virtue of any of the provisions of sections forty-seven and forty-eight of the Finance Act, 1940, as benefits accruing to the deceased from the company, or would have fallen to be so treated if the deceased had made a transfer of property to the company.

For this purpose the expression " debenture " shall have the same meaning as in subsection (4) of this section.

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

207

(4) The said section fifty-five shall apply as aforesaid, if at Part iv any time during the five years ending with the death of the deceased

(not being a time when some other person had control or powers equivalent to control of the company) the deceased had a beneficial interest in possession in shares in or debentures of the company, or in both, of an aggregate nominal amount representing one-half or more of the aggregate nominal amount of the shares in and debentures of the company then outstanding; but for this purpose—

(a) at any time when both the deceased and another person

had such an interest in the same share or debenture, the deceased’s interest in it shall be treated as extending only to the same fraction of it as that interest would have been deemed for purposes of estate duty to extend to if the share or debenture had passed on his death at that time; and

(b) the expression " debenture " shall not include an obliga-

tion of the company in respect of a debt incurred by it for money borrowed by way of temporary loan, if the loan was not one of a series of temporary loans by the same person and either was repaid within two years of being made or was made less than two years before the deceased’s death.

(5) The said section fifty-five shall apply by virtue of the foregoing subsections only to the valuation of shares in or debentures of the company as respects which one or other of the following conditions is satisfied:—

(a) that immediately after the deceased’s death a person

having control or powers equivalent to control of the company, either alone or in conjunction with his relatives, has a beneficial interest in possession in the shares or debentures;

(b) that immediately before and after the death the shares

or debentures are held by the trustees of some trust who then have control of the company by virtue of shares in or debentures of the company held by them as such trustees:

Provided that, in the case of shares or debentures falling to be valued on the death by virtue of a gift inter vivos made by the deceased, or by virtue of a disposition or determination (in relation to which section forty-three of the Finance Act, 1940, has effect) of an interest limited to cease on the death, the above conditions shall not apply, and the condition shall be that immediately after the death or at any previous time since the gift or since the disposition or determination, as the case may be, the donee or person becoming entitled by virtue of or upon

20%

c».H

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

fin^h

Part iv the disposition or determination has or had control- or powers —cant. equivalent to control of the company, either alone or in conjunction with his relatives.

(6) Notwithstanding anything in this section, the reference in subsection (4) of section fifty-eight of the Finance Act, 1940, to a person having control of a company within the meaning of subsection (3) of section fifty-five of that Act shall continue to include a reference to a person having powers equivalent to control.

Other

amendments of, or affecting Finance Act, 1940, s. 55.

30.—(1) Where any shares or debentures falling to be valued in accordance with section fifty-five of the Finance Act, 1940, are sold within three years after the death by the persons accountable for the duty payable on the death or by the persons to whom they pass on the death, and the Commissioners of Inland Revenue are satisfied—

(a) that no person concerned either as vendor or as having

an interest in the proceeds of sale was a relative of any person concerned either as purchaser or as having an interest in the purchase; and

(b) that the sale was made at arm’s length for a price freely

negotiated at the time of sale; and

(c) that the price obtained for the shares or debentures on

the sale, with any adjustment needed to take account of any difference in circumstances at the date of the sale and at the date of the death, was less than the value as ascertained under the said section fifty-five of the shares or debentures sold;

then for the purposes of estate duty on the death that price, as so adjusted, shall be substituted for the value so ascertained as the value of the shares or debentures sold.

(2) The said section fifty-five shall not apply to the valuation on a person’s death of any shares or debentures comprised in a gift inter vivos made by the deceased, if it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue—

(a) that the shares or debentures were given absolutely to a

person who was or had been in the employment of the company, or to the widow or orphan of such a person, and the donee was not a relative of the deceased; and

(b) that bona fide possession of the shares or debentures was

assumed by the donee immediately upon the gift and thenceforward retained to the entire exclusion of the deceased and of any benefit to him by contract or otherwise; and

1954

Finance Act, 1954

Ch. 44

209

(c) that the donee did not have control or powers equivalent Part IV to control of the company either alone or in conjunction with his relatives immediately after the death or at any previous time since the making of the gift

(3) For the purposes of subsection (1) of section fifty of the Finance Act, 1940 (by virtue of which an allowance for a company’s liabilities is to be made in valuing its assets for the purposes of section forty-six or section fifty-five of that Act), any liability of the company arising, or which may arise, after the death for taxation on income or profits shall be taken into account as if it were an actual but contingent liability at the date of the death, in so far as the liability or its amount is referable to income or profits accruing before the death, whether then realised or not; and in their estimation of any such liability for taxation charged on income or profits arising after the death the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall take into account the extent (if any) to which the last-mentioned income or profits are likely to be insufficient to meet the liability.

(4) Where any shares or debentures which fall to be valued in accordance with the said section fifty-five have also fallen to be so valued on a previous death within five years, then for the purposes of section fifteen of the Finance Act, 1914 (which provides relief from estate duty on lands and businesses in respect of quick succession), those shares and debentures shall, in relation to those deaths, be treated in the same way as an interest in land or in a business not carried on by a company, if on both deaths their value is wholly or partly attributable to the value of land of the company or any subsidiary of it or to the value of assets used by the company or any subsidiary of it in a business not consisting mainly in the holding of or dealing in investments other than land:

Provided that the amount on which the reduction under the said section fifteen is to be calculated shall be limited (where necessary) to the duty on the part so attributable of the value, on which duty is payable, of the shares or debentures, and references to that part of the value shall, in the proviso to the said section fifteen, be substituted for the references to the whole value (whether in relation to the first or the second death).

(5) Where a company alters its share capital by sub-dividing any shares into shares of smaller amount, or by consolidating and dividing any shares into shares of larger amount, subsections

(1) and (4) of this section shall apply to shares derived by those means from shares of the same class which have fallen to be valued in accordance with the said section fifty-five on a death occurring before the alteration of share capital, as if those shares and the equivalent amount of the shares from which they were so derived were the same shares; and if a company has issued to

210

Ch. 44

Finance Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Part IV

—cont.

Interpretation of and provisions supplementary to ss. 28 to 30.

holders of any shares other shares as fully paid bonus shares, those subsections shall apply both to the shares in respect of which the issue was made and to the shares so issued as if they were derived from the former by subdivision.

31.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, except in so far as the context otherwise requires,—

(a) " company " includes any body corporate, wheresoever incorporated;

(b) " debenture " has the meaning assigned to it by section

fifty-nine of the Finance Act, 1940;

(c) " subsidiary " has the meaning assigned to it by section

one hundred and fifty-four of the Companies Act, 1948;

() " relative " means husband, wife, ancestor, lineal descendant, brother or sister;

(e) a person shall be deemed to have powers equivalent to

control of a company if he either has the capacity, or could by an exercise of a power exercisable by him or with his consent obtain the capacity, to exercise or to control the exercise of any of the following powers* that is to say, the powers of a board of directors or of a governing director of the company, power to nominate a majority of directors or a governing director thereof, power to veto the appointment of a director thereof, or powers of a like nature.

(2) The two last foregoing sections, and this section so far as it relates thereto, shall be construed as one with section fifty-five of the Finance Act, 1940, except that subsection (5) of that section (which provides for disregarding control had by any person in a fiduciary capacity) shall not affect paragraph (b) of subsection (5) of section twenty-nine of this Act.

(3) In determining, for the purposes of subsection (5) of the said section twenty-nine, or of subsection (2) of section thirty of this Act, whether a person at any time has or had control of a company, either alone or in conjunction with his relatives, or a beneficial interest in possession in any shares in or debentures of a company,—

(a) where that person or a relative of his is or was at any time entitled under a trust, either alone or in conjunction with that person’s relatives, to not less nine-tenths of the income arising from any such shares or debentures, that person or the relative in question, as the case may be, shall be treated as being or having been able at that time to control the exercise by the

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

211

trustees of the trust or other persons in whom those shares or debentures are or were vested of any powers attached to those shares or debentures;

(b) any shares in or debentures of the company, or interests

therein, which form part of a person’s estate at his death shall be treated as vesting immediately on his death in the legatees or persons entitled on intestacy, without regard to the powers exercisable for the administration of the estate;

(c) there shall, in so far as the Commissioners of Inland

Revenue so direct, be disregarded—

(i) any limited interest subsisting at the relevant time in any shares in or debentures of the company; and

(ii) any voting rights exercisable by virtue of any preference shares in the company (being voting rights which the Commissioners are satisfied do not materially affect the effective control of the company’s affairs).

(4) References in subsection (2) of section twenty-eight and subsection (4) of section thirty of this Act to shares or debentures which fall to be valued in accordance with section fifty-five of the Finance Act, 1940, shall include shares or debentures of which the value falls ultimately to be ascertained under subsection (1) of section thirty of this Act.

(5) In determining for the purposes of section twenty-eight or subsection (4) of section thirty of this Act what part of the value of any shares in or debentures of a company is attri-

| butable to the value of particular assets,—

(a) the value of the shares or debentures shall be apportioned in proportion to the net value of the company's assets I after allowing for liabilities other than liabilities in

respect of shares in or debentures of the company; and

! (b) the value apportioned under this subsection to the value

| of any shares in or debentures of another company

(being a subsidiary either of the first-mentioned company or of a company of which that company is a subsidiary) shall, where material, be similarly apportioned between I the other company's assets;

i and subsection (1) of section fifty of the Finance Act, 1940, shall apply in relation to any allowance for liabilities to be made for the purposes of this subsection as it applies in relation to an allowance for the purposes of section fifty-five of that Act.

(6) In arriving at the net value of any assets in respect of which, or by reference to the value of which, duty is to be charged

Part IV

—cont.

212

Part IV

— am

Extension of certain exemptions.

Aggregation.

Ch. 44 finance Act> 1954 2 & 3 E Liz.2

at a reduced rate by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act, any allowance to be made for liabilities incurred for the purpose of the business which (or an interest in which) passes on the death, or of the business of the company whose assets they are, as the case may be, shall be made, as far as may be, from the value of assets used in the business other than such assets as aforesaid, except that any allowance for secured liabilities shall be made from the value of assets which are, rather than the value of assets which are not, included in the security.

(7) The foregoing sections of this Part of this Act shall have effect in relation to any death occurring after the commencement of this Act.

32.—(1) The scale of rates of estate duty set out in the Seventh Schedule to the Finance Act, 1949, shall have effect, as respects deaths occurring after the commencement of this Act, with the substitution for the entries relating to estates of a principal value not exceeding five thousand pounds of the following entries:—

Rate per

" Principal value of estate of duty

Not exceeding £3,000 Nil

Exceeding £3,000 and not exceeding £4,000... 1

Exceeding £4,000 and not exceeding £5,000... 2 "

(2) For the purposes of the exemption from estate duty chargeable on property passing on the death of a surviving spouse, estate duty shall be deemed to have been paid on any property passing on the death of the other spouse, being property on which it was not payable, but would have been if the duty were payable on estates of however small a principal value; and in relation to that death the references in this subsection to estate duty shall include estate duty chargeable under the law in force in Northern Ireland.

(3) Subsection (2) of this section shall apply where the second death occurs after the commencement of this Act, whether or not the first death occurred after that commencement.

33.—(1) For subsection (3) of section sixteen of the Finance Act, 1894, there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" (3) Where the property passing on the deceased’s death includes any such settled property as is hereinafter mentioned, then—

(a) if the other property passing on the death, exclusive of that settled property and exclusive also of any property in respect of which estate duty neither is payable on the death nor would be if the duty were

1954

Finance Act, 1954

Ch. 44

213

payable on estates of however small a principal Part IV value, is of a net value not exceeding ten thousand —compounds, it shall not be aggregated with that settled property, but shall be an estate by itself; and

(b) if that other property is of a net value exceeding ten thousand pounds, the duty payable in respect of it shall not exceed die amount of the excess together with the duty which would have been so payable if the net value of the other property had been reduced rateably by the amount of the excess (but this shall not affect any reduction falling to be made under section thirteen of the Finance Act, 1914, in the duty payable on that settled property).

The settled property above referred to is any settled property other than property comprised in a settlement made by the deceased or made, directly or indirectly, at his expense or out of funds provided by him, and other than property not so comprised of which he has been competent to dispose and has disposed by the exercise by his will or otherwise of a power conferred by the settlement, or which devolves on his personal representatives as assets for payment of his debts."

(2) Subject to the said subsection (3), where the property which passes on a death, but in which the deceased never had an interest, includes any policies of assurance on his life, or moneys received under such a policy, or interests in such a policy or moneys, then the rate of estate duty to be paid on any such policy, money or interest so included (hereinafter referred to as " a life insurance ") shall be determined as follows:—

(a) in respect of the value of any life insurance or interest in a life insurance to which immediately after the death any one person is absolutely and indefeasibly entitled for his own benefit otherwise than by virtue of a purchase for consideration in money or money’s worth (whether of that life insurance or interest or of the policy or otherwise), the rate shall be that appropriate to the value or aggregate value of that life insurance or interest and of any other life insurance or interest in a life insurance to which he is so entitled;

(b) subject to the foregoing paragraph, the rate shall be that appropriate to the aggregate value of all the life insurances or, if there is only one, to the value of that life insurance:

214

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1954

2 & 3 2

Part IV

—con

Amendments as to Sinking Funds, and as to manner of accounting for issues out of Consolidated Fund.

Provided that for the purposes of this subsection—

(i) there shall be left out of account any life insurance in

respect of which estate duty neither is payable on the death nor would be if the duty were payable on estates of however small a principal value; and

(ii) where any life insurance or interest in a life insurance is immediately after the death subject to a mortgage or charge, the mortgage or charge shall be disregarded and the life insurance or interest shall be valued accordingly; and

(iii) in relation to life insurances and interests therein which then form part of the unadministered estate of a deceased person this subsection shall have effect as if that person had been then living and entitled to those life insurances and interests.

(3) For the purposes of paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection the value of any interest in a policy of assurance or moneys received under such a policy shall be arrived at by apportioning the total value of the policy or moneys according to die respective values of the interest in question and of the interest a person would have if, except for the interest in question, he were absolutely and indefeasibly entitled to the policy or moneys.

(4) This section shall have effect in relation to any death occurring after the commencement of this Act.

Part V

Miscellaneous

34.—(1) No sum shall be issued under section twenty-three of the Finance Act, 1928, by way of permanent annual charge for the National Debt in the financial year ending on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, or any subsequent financial year.

(2) Any amount applied out of revenue during any such year in redeeming or paying off any description of debt shall be deemed to be expenditure within the meaning of sections four and five of the Sinking Fund Act, 1875.

(3) Any sum charged by any Act, whenever passed, on the Consolidated Fund shall be charged also on the growing produoe of the Fund and shall be payable accordingly without being included in any quarterly account of the income and charge of the

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

215

Fund under section twelve of the Exchequer and Audit Depart- Part V moits Act, 1866, and no account shall be prepared under that —cam. section for any quarter ending after the passing of this Act.

(4) The Fifth Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of making amendments consequential on the abolition by subsection (1) of this section of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

35.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1954. Short title, etc.

(2) Part I of this Act shall be construed as one with the Customs and Excise Act, 1952.

(3) Part II of this Act shall be construed as one with Part V of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940.

(4) Part III of this Act—

(a) so far as it relates to income tax, shall be construed as one with the Income Tax Acts; and

(b) so far as it relates to the profits tax, shall be construed as one with Part HI of the Finance Act, 1937, and the other enactments relating to the profits tax.

(5) Part IV of this Act shall be construed as one with Part I of the Finance Act, 1894.

(6) Nothing contained in this Act shall have effect for the purposes of the excess profits levy.

(7) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall, i except so far as the context otherwise requires, be construed j as a reference to that enactment as amended or applied by or

under any other enactment, including this Act

(8) Such of the provisions of this Act as relate to matters in respect of which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

I

(9) The enactments specified in the Sixth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule.

i

i

216

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Section 1.

C». Finan^e ^,954

schedules

FIRST SCHEDULE

Rates of Entertainments Duty

Part I First Scale

Amount of payment Rate of duty

Where the amount of the payment, excluding the amount of duty—

exceeds Is. Od. -and does not exceed

Is. 5* id.

exceeds Is. 5id id. for the first Is. 5id. and

Id. for every 5d. or part of 5d. over Is. 5id.

Part II Second Scale Amount of payment Rate of duty

Where the amount of the payment, excluding the amount of duty—

exceeds Is. Od. and does not exceed Is. 2d Id.

exceeds Is. 2d Id. for the first Is. 2d. and

id. for every Id. or part of Id. over Is. 2d.

Part III Third Scale

1. Where the amount of the payment, excluding the amount of duty, is an amount mentioned in the following Table, the rate of duty shall be the amount therein specified in relation to that payment.

Table

Amount of payment, excluding amount of duty Rate of duty Amount of payment, excluding amount of duty Rate of duty Amount of payment, excluding amount of duty Rate of duty

s. . s. . s. . s. . s. . s. .

9i i 1 0i 5i 1 4 10

10 1 1 1 6 1 4i 10i

10i li 1 li 6i 1 5i 101

11 2 1 li 7i 1 6 11

Hi 2i 1 7i 1 6i 111

ni 3i i 2i 8i 1 7i Hi

1 0 4 1 2i 9i 1 8 1 0

1 0i 4i 1 3i 9i 1 *i 1 0*

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

217

Amount of payment, excluding amount of doty Rate of duty Amount of payment, excluding amount of duty Rate of duty Amount of payment, excluding amount of duty Rate of duty

s. . s. . s. . s. . s. . s. .

1 9* 1 0* 3 4* 2 8* 5 0* 4 3*

1 9* 1 1* 3 5* 2 8* 5 1 4 4

1 10* 1 1* 3 6 2 9 5 1* 4 4*

1 10* 1 2* 3 6* 2 9* 5 2* 4 4*

1 1H 1 2* 3 7* 2 9* 5 2* 4 5*

1 11* 1 3* 3 8 2 10 5 3* 4 5*

2 0* 1 3* 3 8* 2 10* 5 4 4 6

2 0* 1 4* 3 9 2 11 5 4* 4 6*

2 1 1 5 3 9* 2 11* 5 5 4 7

2 l* 1 5* 3 9* 3 0* 5 5* 4 7*

2 1* 1 6* 3 10* 3 0* 5 6* 4 7*

2 2* 1 6* 3 10* 3 1* 5 6* 4 8*

2 2* 1 7* 3 11 3 2 5 7* 4 8*

2 3 1 8 3 11* 3 2* 5 8 4 9

2 3* 1 8i 4 0 3 3 5 8* 4 9*

2 4* 1 8* 4 0* 3 3* 5 9 4 10

2 5 , 1 9 4 1 3 4 5 9* 4 10*

2 5* 1 9* 4 1* 3 4* 5 10 4 11

2 6 1 10 4 2* 3 4* 5 10* 4 11*

2 6* 1 10* 4 2* 3 5* 5 11 5 0

2 6* 1 Hi 4 3* 3 5* 5 11* 5 0*

2 7* 1 11* 4 4 3 6 6 0 5 1

2 7* 2 0* 4 4* 3 6* 6 0* 5 1*

2 8* 2 0* 4 5 3 7 6 1 5 2

2 8* 2 1* 4 5* 3 7* 6 1* 5 2*

2 9 2 2 4 6 3 8 6 2* 5 2*

2 9* 2 2* 4 6* 3 8* 6 3 5 3

2 10 2 3 4 6* 3 9* 6 3* 5 3*

2 10* 2 3* 4 7* 3 9* 6 4 5 3*

2 11 2 4 4 7* 3 10* 6 5* 5 3*

2 11* 2 4* 4 8 3 11 6 6 5 4

3 0 2 5 4 8* 3 11* 6 6* 5

3 0* 2 5* 4 9 4 0 6 7* 5 4

3 1 2 6 4 9* 4 0* 6 8 5 5

3 1* 2 6* 4 10 4 1 6 8* 5 3

3 2 2 7 4 10* 4 1* 6 8* 5 4

3 2* 2 7* 4 11 4 2 6 9 5 7

3 3 2 8 4 11* 4 2* 6 9* 5 7?

3 3* 2 8* 5 0 4 3 6 9* 5 8*

2. Where the amount of the payment, excluding the amount of duty, is an amount not specified in the foregoing Table, and exceeds nine-pence but does not exceed six shillings and ninepence-halfpenny, the rate of duty shall be the same as on a payment of the next higher amount specified in the Table.

3. Where the amount of the payment, excluding the amount of duty, exceeds six shillings and ninepence-halfpenny, the rate of duty shall be five shillings and eightpence-halfpenny, increased by a halfpenny for every halfpenny or part of a halfpenny by which the amount of the payment exceeds six shillings and ninepence-halfpenny.

1st Sch. —amt.

218

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Section 16. SECOND SCHEDULE

Provisions supplementary to s. 16 (new provision for " investment allowances ")

Part I

Withholding and withdrawal of allowances

1.—(1) If, in the case of any expenditure, any such event as is mentioned in the next following sub-paragraph occurs within the relevant period, no investment allowance shall be made in respect of the expenditure or, if an allowance has been made before the occurrence of the event, it shall be withdrawn.

(2) The events referred to in the foregoing sub-paragraph are—

(a) any sale of the property representing the expenditure made by the person incurring the expenditure or an associate of his, where the buyer is a person not resident in the United Kingdom and not buying the property for a chargeable purpose or for scrap;

(b) any change of residence of the person incurring the expenditure

or an associate of his whereby the purpose to which the property representing the expenditure is for the tune being appropriated ceases to be a chargeable purpose;

(c) any appropriation of the property representing the expenditure made by the person incurring the expenditure or an associate of his to a purpose other than a qualifying purpose;

() any sale or transfer of the property representing the expenditure

made by the person incurring the expenditure or an associate of his otherwise than to a person acquiring the property for a qualifying purpose, where it appears with respect to the sale or transfer that it is one in contemplation of which the expenditure was incurred;

(e) any sale, transfer or other dealing with the property representing the expenditure by the person incurring the expenditure or an associate of his, being a case where it appears either—

(i) that the expenditure was incurred in contemplation of the property being so dealt with; or

(ii) that the sole or main benefit which accrued from that person’s incurring the expenditure and the property being so dealt with was or derived from the investment and other allowances in respect of the property;

and not being a case where it is shown either that the purpose of obtaining tax allowances was not the sole or main purpose of that person’s incurring the expenditure or of the property being so dealt with, or that his incurring the expenditure and the property being so dealt with were bona fide business transactions and were not designed for the purpose of obtaining tax allowances;

(f) where, in the case of a road vehicle, the qualifying purpose requires it to be used wholly or mainly for hire to or the carriage of members of the public, any sale or transfer of the

1954

Finance Act, 1954

Ch. 44

J219

vehicle not made to a person acquiring it for a qualifying 2nd Sea. purpose or as scrap, and any appropriation of it to a purpose —com. other than a qualifying purpose.

(3) The relevant period in relation to any such event as aforesaid shall be three years, except that in relation to a sale or transfer falling within paragraph (), or a sale, transfer or other dealing falling within paragraph (e), of the last foregoing sub-paragraph the relevant period shall be five years.

(4) Where an investment allowance in respect of any expenditure is withheld or withdrawn under this paragraph otherwise than by reason of a sale or transfer, such initial allowance (if any) as might have been made in respect of that expenditure but for section sixteen of this Act shall be made.

2. Where an investment allowance is made or falls to be made in respect of expenditure on machinery or plant, and the machinery or plant is sold by the person incurring the expenditure or an associate of his, then if either—

(a) the buyer is an associate of the person incurring the expendi-

ture; or

(b) it appears with respect to the sale either—

(i) that it is one in contemplation of which the expenditure was incurred; or

(ii) that the sole or main benefit which, apart from this paragraph, might have been expected to accrue to the parties or any of them would have been or have derived from the allowances (whether investment allowances or

| initial allowances) obtained or to be obtained in respect

[ of the machinery or plant sold or any machinery or plant

| by which it is or is to be replaced;

| the buyer shall not be entitled to an initial allowance, unless the investment allowance is withheld or withdrawn under the foregoing | paragraph.

3. —(1) The person incurring any expenditure in respect of which an investment allowance has been made and has not been withdrawn shall give notice to the surveyor, if to his knowledge any of the following events occurs at any time before the expiration of the three years beginning with the date when the expenditure was incurred, that is

! to ay,—

i (a) the property in respect of which it is incurred is sold by him or an associate of his to a person not resident in the United j Kingdom, or the property being situated outside the United

Kingdom is sold by him or an associate of his to any person; or

(b) the property is appropriated by him or an associate of his to a

purpose other than a qualifying purpose; or

(c) where the property is a road vehicle, there is any sale, transfer

or appropriation of it which falls within paragraph (/) of sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule.

220

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch. (2) Any notice of a sale or transfer given under the foregoing sob-—com. paragraph shall state the name and address of the person to whom the sale or transfer is made.

(3) It shall be the duty of persons incurring any such expenditure as aforesaid, of persons to whom the property representing any such expenditure is sold or transferred, and of the personal representatives of any such person, on being required to do so by the surveyor, to give the surveyor all such information as he may require, and as they have or can reasonably obtain, about any sale or transfer of the property representing the expenditure or about any other dealing with the property.

(4) Any person who, without reasonable cause, fails’ to comply with this paragraph shall be liable to a penalty equal to twenty pounds plus three times the amount of the investment allowance made in respect of the expenditure in question.

4. —(1) All such additional assessments and adjustments of assessments shall be made as may be necessary for or in consequence of the withdrawal of an investment allowance or the substitution therefor of an initial allowance under this Schedule, and may be so made at any time.

(2) In the case of the death of a person who, if he had not died, would, under the provisions of this Schedule, have become chargeable to income tax for any year, the tax which would have been so chargeable shall be assessed and charged upon his executors or administrators and shall be a debt due from and payable out of his estate.

5. —(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule—

(a) "chargeable purpose* means the purpose of putting the property to a use such that profits or income accrue or are intended to accrue therefrom and will be chargeable to tax;

(b) " qualifying purpose * means the purpose of putting the property to such a use as aforesaid, not being a use such that, if the property was or had been intended for that use when the expenditure was incurred, no investment allowance should have been made in respect of the expenditure;

(c) an act shall be deemed to be done by an associate of the

person incurring the expenditure—

(i) if it is done by a body of persons which is at the time of the act under die control of the person incurring the expenditure; or

(ii) if the expenditure was incurred by a body of persons which either is at the time of the act or was when the expenditure was incurred under the control of the person doing the act; or

(iii) if the expenditure was incurred by one body of persons and the act is done by another, and the one doing the act is at the time under the control of the same person as the other either is at that time or was when the expenditure was incurred;

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

221

or if it is done by a person to whom the property was trans- 2nd Sgh. ferred by the person incurring the expenditure or an associate — of his and it appears that the transfer was made in contemplation of the act being done.

(2) In the foregoing sub-paragraph " body of persons " includes a partnership, and " control " has the meaning assigned to the word by subsection (1) of section three hundred and thirty-three of the Income Tax Act, 1952.

Part II

Amendments of ss. 292 and 296 of the Income Tax , 1952

6. In subsection (1) of section two hundred and ninety-two of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which provides for balancing allowances and balancing charges in respect of machinery and plant), for the words " in the case of any machinery or plant in respect of which an initial allowance or an annual allowance has been made for any year of assessment to a person carrying on a trade " there shall be substituted the words " in the case of any machinery or plant belonging to a person carrying on a trade and provided or used for the purposes of the trade".

7. In subsection (1) of section two hundred and ninety-six of that Act (which relates to the replacement of machinery or plant by other machinery or plant, and in sub-paragraph (iii) of paragraph (b) directs that for certain purposes the initial allowance granted m respect of the latter machinery or plant shall be deemed to be increased by a specified amount) there shall be added at the end of that sub-paragraph the words " or, if no initial allowance is granted, there shall be deemed to have been made an initial allowance equal to that amount ".

THIRD SCHEDULE Section 17.

Provisions supplementary to s. 17 (company reconstructions, btc.,

WITHOUT CHANGE OF OWNERSHIP)

1. —(1) In this Schedule—

(a) " the principal section " means section seventeen of this Act;

(b) " relevant change " means a change to which subsection (1) or (2) of the principal section applies in the persons engaged in carrying on a trade, and includes an event treated as such a change by subsection (3) of the principal section.

(2) Where a trade is to be treated under any provision of the Income Tax Acts as being permanently discontinued, and a new trade set up and commenced, on the occurrence of any event (whether before or after the commencement of this Act), it shall be so treated for the purposes of this Schedule.

2. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, for any year of assessment in which there is a relevant change tax in respect of the trade shall be assessed and charged separately on those engaged in carrying on the trade before the change, and those so engaged after it; but the amount on which tax is chargeable shall be computed as if there had been no such change in that year and shall be apportioned as may be just

(2) If after a relevant change, but before the end of the year of assessment following that in which the change occurs, there is a permanent discontinuance of the trade, then on that discontinuance

224

Ch. 44

Finance A, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Section 18.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Provisions supplementary to s. 18 (right to carry back loss

SUSTAINED IN LAST YEAR OF BUSINESS)

1. The following provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1952, relating to the computation of losses or of profit or loss for the purposes of the right to carry losses forward under section three hundred and forty-two of that Act, that is to say, sections three hundred and forty-five, four hundred and twenty-eight, four hundred and thirty-one and four hundred and thirty-six shall apply to the computation thereof for any purpose of section eighteen of this Act (hereafter in this Schedule referred to as " the principal section ") as they apply to the computation thereof for the corresponding purpose of that section.

2. Where a trade, profession or vocation is being carried on by any persons in partnership immediately before it is permanently discontinued, relief given to one of them on the discontinuance under the principal section shall not, in relation to a claim made by another of them by virtue of subsection (2) of section nineteen <rf the Finance Act, 1953 (which enables relief to be given after a discontinuance in certain circumstances for capital allowances not effective before the discontinuance), be taken to affect the non-effective amount of any allowances within the meaning of the said subsection (2).

3. Subsection (8) of section twenty of the Finance Act, 1953 (which contains provision for adjusting relief given under section three hundred and forty-one of the Income Tax Act, 1952, in respect of a company's loss where the loss is made good by a subvention payment from another company), shall apply in relation to the principal section as it applies in relation to the said section three hundred and forty-one.

4. Where, on the permanent discontinuance of a trade which consists of or includes the working of a mine, oil well or other source of mineral deposits within the meaning of Chapter III of Part X of the Income Tax Act, 1952, a claim for relief is made both under the principal section and under subsection (3) of section three hundred and twenty-three of that Act (which enables a balancing allowance falling to be made in the last year of such a trade to be carried back to previous years in certain circumstances), the balancing allowance in respect of which the claim is made under the said subsection (3) shall be left out of account for the purposes of subsection (5) of the principal section, but relief under the principal section shall be given in priority to relief under the said subsection (3).

5. Subsection (2) of section three hundred and fifty of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which, among other things, provides that annual payments made out of dividends affected by double taxation relief shall be deemed to be paid out of profits or gains not brought into charge to tax), shall not affect the operation of subsection (4) of the principal section in relation to any such annual payment; and the said subsection (4) shall have effect in relation to any share or loan interest to which subsection (1) of section four hundred and forty-three (which relates to industrial and provident societies) of the said Act applies as if it had been treated as not falling within section four hundred and forty-two of that Act and had been dealt with accordingly.

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

225

6. The provisions of the Sixth Schedule to the Income Tax Act, 1952, shall apply to any claim under the principal section:

Provided that—

(a) any such claim shall be made in such form as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may direct, and shall be delivered to the surveyor; and

(b) where the surveyor objects to any such claim, it shall be heard and determined by the Commissioners concerned in like manner as in the case of an appeal against an assessment under Schedule D, and the provisions of that Act relating to the statement of a case for the opinion of the High Court on a point of law shall apply; and

(c) any such claim to which objection is made shall, if the claimant so elects when he makes the claim, be heard and determined by the Special Commissioners, and paragraph (b) of this proviso shall have effect accordingly.

FIFTH SCHEDULE

Amendments consequential on abolition of permanent annual CHARGE FOR NATIONAL DEBT

1. In subsection (5) of section four of the Bank Act, 1892 (which relates to the sums payable to the Banks of England and Ireland for the management of the National Debt), for the words " payable out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt ’* that shall be substituted the words " charged on and issued out of the Consolidated Fund

L In section two of the Government Annuities Act, 1929, for the references to annuities for a certain term of years payable as part of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt and to perpetual annuities so payable there shall respectively be substituted references to annuities for a certain term of years charged directly on the Consolidated Fund and to perpetual annuities so charged.

3. In section forty-eight of the Finance Act, 1930 (which provides that a sum equal to the deficit in any financial year shall be issued out of the Consolidated Fund in the following year and applied in the same way as the New Sinking Fund (1928)), for the reference to the New Sinking Fund (1928) there shall be substituted a reference to die old sinking fund.

4. Any enactment which provides for sums issued out of the Consolidated Fund to be applied in whole or in part to the payment of interest which would, apart from that provision, have fallen to be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt (including any such enactment contained in an Act of the same Session ts this Act, passed at the same time as or aftertbis Act) shall have effect n if h provided for those sums to be applied to the like extent towards anting such part of the annual charges for the National Debt as represents interest

H

4th, Sch.

—cant.

Section 34.

m

C«- 44

Finance A 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

SccUon 35.

SIXTH SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

29 & 30 Vict, c. 39.

38 & 39 Vict, c. 45.

9 A 10 Geo. 5.

c. 32.

18 A19 Geo. 5.

c. 17.

24 A25 Geo. 5. c. 32.

1 Edw. 8 A 1 Geo. 6.

c. 54.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 117.

3 A 4 Geo. 6.

c. 29.

9 A 10 Geo. 6.

c. 27.

9 A lO Geo. 6. c. 59.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 64.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 82.

The Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1866.

The Sinking Fund Act, 1875.

The Finance Act, 1919. The Finance Act, 1928. The Finance Act, 1934. The Finance Act, 1937.

The National Loans Act, 1939.

The Finance Act, 1940.

The Bank of England Act, 1946.

The Coal Industry Nationalisation Act, 1946.

The Finance Act, 1946.

The Cable and Wireless Act. 1946.

Section twelve; in section thirteen the words "if satisfied of the correctness thereof", the words from " not exceeding * to " supplemental credits*, the words 44the growing produce of ’* and the words 44 and not included in the aforesaid quarterly account *.

In section five, the words44 and advances made by the Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland in pursuance of section twelve of the Exchequer and Audit Act, 1866*; section seven, so far as relates to the new sinking fund.

In section ten, the word ‘‘chicory*’.

Section twenty-three.

Subsection (4) of section twenty-three.

In section four, in subsection (1) the words 44 to which this section applies* and subsection (4).

Subsection (4) of section three.

In section fifty-five (as respects deaths occurring after the commencement of this Act), subsection (1) from 44 or" in paragraph (a) to the end of paragraph (c), and in subsection (3), paragraph (b), the word 44 or * at the end of paragraph (a), and the words "or capacity*.

Paragraph 5 of the First Schedule.

Subsection (4) of section thirty-three.

As respects deaths occurring after the commencement of this Act, paragraph 3 oi Part III of the Tenth Schedule.

Paragraph 4 of the Second Schedule.

1954

Finance A, 1954

Ch. 44

227

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

10ft 11 Geo. 6. c. 35. The Finance Act, 1947. Section fifty, as respects estate duty on a death occurring after the commencement of this Act.

11 ft 12 Geo.6. The Finance Act, 1948. The Seventh Schedule.

c.49.

14 ft 15 Geo. 6. The Finance Act, 1951. Section three.

c.43.

15 ft 16 Geo. 6 The Income Tax Act, Subsections (2) and (3) of section thirty-four; in subsection (2) of section sixty-seven, the words "the cleric to the Commissioners shall transmit the books of assessment to the surveyor and", and the proviso.

ft 1 Eliz. 2. c. 10. 1952.

15 ft 16 Geo. 6 ft 1 EMz. 2. c 33. The Finance Act, 1952. 1 ' i In section two, in subsection (1) the words from " of which the lowest " to the end of the subsection, and subsections (6) and (7); the First Schedule. i

6th Sch. —coat

oon

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1866 29 ft 30 Vict. c. 39.

Sinking Fund Act, 1875 38 ft 39 Vict c. 45.

Bank Act, 1892 55 ft 56 Vict c. 48.

Finance Act, 1894 57 ft 58 Vict c. 30.

Finance Act, 1914 4 ft 5 Geo. 5. c. 10.

Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916 6 ft 7 Geo. 5.C.11.

Finance Act, 1919 9 ft 10 Geo. 5. c. 32.

Safeguarding of Industries Act, 1921 11 ft 12 Geo. 5. c. 47.

Finance Act, 1923 13 ft 14 Geo. 5. c. 14.

Finance Act, 1924 14 ft 15 Geo. 5. c. 21.

Finance Act, 1925 15 ft 16 Geo. 5. c. 36.

Finance Act, 1926 16 ft 17 Geo. 5. c. 22.

Finance Act, 1928 18 ft 19 Geo. 5. c. 17.

Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act,

1928 18 ft 19 Geo. 5. c. 44.

Government Annuities Act, 1929 19 ft 20 Geo. 5. c. 29.

Finance Act, 1930 20 ft 21 Geo. 5. c. 28.

Import Duties Act, 1932 22 ft 23 Geo. 5. c. 8.

Finance Act, 1932 22 ft 23 Geo. 5. c. 25.

Finance Act, 1933 23 ft 24 Geo. 5. c. 19.

A

228

Ch. 44,45

Finance A, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Short Title Session and Chapter

Finance Act, 1937 1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 54.

Finance Act, 1938 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 46.

Finance Act, 1940 3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 29.

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940 3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 48.

Finance Act, 1941 4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 30.

Finance Act, 1944 7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 23.

Finance Act, 1946 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 64.

Companies Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38.

Finance Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 49.

Finance Act, 1949 International Organisations (Immunities and 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 47.

Privileges) Act, 1950 14 Geo. 6. c. 14.

Finance Act, 1950 14 Geo. 6. c. 15.

Finance Act, 1951 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 43.

Income Tax Act, 1952 15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Ehz. 2. c. 10.

Finance Act, 1952 15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 33.

Customs and Excise Act, 1952 15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

Finance Act, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 34.

CHAPTER 45

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-five; and to appropriate the supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[30th July, 1954]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and

1954

Appropriation

Act; 1954

Ch. 45

229

consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Grant out of Consolidated Fund

L The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of J"ue of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making good the supply out of^’524 granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the consolidated thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty- Fund for the five, the sum of two thousand four hundred and seventy-nine service of the million, seven hundred and sixty-nine thousand, five hundred * and twenty-four pounds. 31rt March,

2. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the Power for the

issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England to

and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the borrow credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the

whole two thousand four hundred and seventy-nine million, seven hundred and sixty-nine thousand, five hundred and twenty-four pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-five and section six

of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of 40 & 41 Vict, bills) shall not apply with respect to those bills. c- 2-

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per cent, per annum, out of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants

3. AH sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned Appropriation

in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated *un* .votod

Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty y

mounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate,

to the sum of four thousand three hundred and two million, three hundred and eighty-four thousand, five hundred and sixty-three pounds, nine shillings and tenpence are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from die date of the passing of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A), for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

230

Ch. 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

54 ft 55 Vict, c. 24.

Sanction of Treasury for temporary application of surpluses on certain votes for Navy, Army and Air Services, to meet deficiencies on other votes for the same service.

Sanction in connection with Navy, Army and Air expenditure for 1952-53.

15 ft 16 Geo. 6 ft 1 Eliz. 2. c. 38.

1 ft 2 Eliz. 2. c. 35.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be pvt of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the said sums granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed, under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified in Schedule (B) annexed hereto the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. —(1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on Navy, Army and Air Services respectively is not made to exceed the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for those services respectively, any surplus arising on any vote for those services either by an excess of the sum realised on account of appropriations in aid of the vote over the sum which may be applied under this Act as appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of expenditure on that vote, may, with the sanction of the Treasury, be temporarily applied either in making up any deficiency in the sums realised on account of appropriations in aid of any other vote in the same department, or in defraying expenditure in the same department which is not provided for in the sums appropriated to the service of the department by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary application of a surplus under this section, and showing the circumstances under which the sanction of the Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the Navy, Army and Air Services for the year, in order that any temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the Treasury under tins section may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament.

5. Whereas under the powers given for the purpose by the Appropriation Acts, 1952 and 1953, surpluses vising on certain votes for Army and Air Services have been applied towards making good deficits on those services respectively as shown in the statements set out in Schedule (C), Parts II and m, to this Act; and whereas surpluses arising on certain votes for Navy Services, together with the sum granted by this Act for those services, for the year ended on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-three, have been applied towards meeting deficits on those services as shown in the statement set out in Schedule (Q, Part I, to this Act:

1954

Appropriation

Act; 1954

Ch. 45

231

It is enacted that the application of those surpluses and of the said sum, as shown in the said statements, is hereby sanctioned.

.—Cl) A person shall not receive any payment out of a Declaration grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay required in or Navy, Army, Air, or Civil non-effective services, until he (^tain cases has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons appropriated, prescribed by the warrant:

Provided that the Treasury may dispense with the production of a declaration under this section in respect of any payment if either—

(a) such a declaration has been subscribed within a period

of twelve calendar months preceding the date of the payment, or such longer period as the Treasury may in any particular case or class of cases allow; or

(b) the payment is made through a banker who has entered

into an undertaking in such form as may be approved by the Treasury with respect to the notification of circumstances coming to the knowledge of the banker which might affect the right to such payments of the person to whom the payment is made.

(2) Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Short title. Act, 1954.

232

Cb. 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Buz. 2

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A) and (B) to which this Act refers.

Section 3. SCHEDULE (A)

£ j. I

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund 4,302,384,563 9 10

Section 3. SCHEDULE (B).—Appropriation of Grants

i: Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriation! in Aid

1952-53 and 1953-54 Part 1. Navy (Excess), £ r. .

1952-53 Part 2. Civil (Excess), 71,556 2 8 *-446,490 910

1952-53 Part 3. Air (Supplementary), 1953-54 Part 4. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 730 7 2 10 0 0 1,157 0 2

1953-54 204,773,543 0 0 20,672,935 0 0

£ 204,845,839 9 10 20,227,601 10 4

* Deficit.

1954,. Appropriation Ch. 45 231

Act, 1954

SCHEDULE (B).—Appropriation of Grants—continued sc*m>. (B).

Appropriation

of Grants.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

1954-55 £ s.

Part 5. Ministry of Defence 23,904,500 0 0 345,000 0 0

V, 6. Navy 353,000,000 0 0 50,300,000 0 0

, 7. Army 535,000,100 0 0 93,500,000 0 0

, 8. Air 491,640,000 0 0 108,561,100 0 0

Total, Defence ...£ 1,403,544,600 0 0 252,706,1QQ p , 0.

Part 9. Civil, Class I ... 21,021,704 0 0 ..VI >» 10,114,699 0 0

i, 10. Civil, Class II ... 107,221,603 0 0 2,435,460 0 0

, 11. Civil, Class in ... 85,851,868 0 0 10,829,736 0 0 ' ' (*

, 12. Civil, Class IV ... 332,151,790 0 0 24,374;002l0 0

1, 13. Civil, Class V ... | } 612,727,720 0 0 84,092,281 0 0 * * , • I * ♦ ‘

, 14. Civil, Class VI ... 291,905,120 0 0 *11 * ' 3 96,705,950 0 0

,i 15. Civil, Class VII... 68,535,826 0 0 15;8W,155 0 0

, 16. Civil, Class Vm 338,025,973 0 0 73,128,258 0 0

, 17. Civil, Class IX ... 138,639,420 0 0 11,242,763 0 0

, 18. Civil, Class X ... 412,783,500 0 0 19,644,060 0 0

Total, Civil ...£ 2,408,864,524 0 0 348,441,364 0 0

Part 19. Revenue Departments 285,129,600 0 0 18,113,390 0 0

Grand Total £ 4,302,384,563 9 10 639,488,455 10 4

I

H*

234

Ch. 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Buz. 2

Sen. (AX

SCHEDULE (A)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund

£ s. i

For the service of the year ended on the 31st day of March, 1953—

Under Act 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 22 72,286 9 10

For the service of the year ended on the 31st day of March, 1954—

Under Act 2 Buz. 2. c. 2 126,843,450 0 0

Under Act 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 22 77,930,103 0 0

For the service of the year ending on the 31 st day of March, 1955—

Under Act 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 22 1,617,769,200 0

Under this Act 2,479,769,524 0 0

Total 4,302,384,563 9 10

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

235

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 1

SCHED. (B) Part 1.

Navy (Excess), 1952-53.

Navy (Excess), 1952-53

Sums not exceeding

Sum granted, and sum which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to make good an excess on the grants for Navy Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March, 1953

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ s. £ s. .

71,556 2 8 •-446,490 9 10

* Deficit.

H*2

Tifc Ch. 45 Appropriation Eliz. 2

i4c/, 1954

Saurn^). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 2

Civil (Excess),

1952-53

Civil (Excess), 1952-53

Sum granted, and sum which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to make good an excess on a certain grant for Civil Service, for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1953, viz:—

Sums not exceeding

' Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote. Class VII. £ s. . £ s. .

12. Works and Buildings in Ireland \ . , j 730- 7 2 1 1,157 0 2

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

237

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 3 Sched. (B).

Part 3.

_ Air

i i :* •. (Supple-

mentary),

Am (Supplementary), 1953-54 1953-54.

Schedule of Supplementary Sum granted to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the-grants for Air Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1954, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

.1. ~ Supply Appropriations

Grants in Aid

Vote. £ £

Z Reserve and Auxiliary Services (to an additional number not *

exceeding 25,000, all ranks, for

the Royal Air Force Reserve)... 10

Total, Ant (Supplementary)

1953-54 £ 10

m

Cm. 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

SCHED. (B). Part 4. Civil and Revenue

Departments

(Supple-

mentary),

1953-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4

Civil and Rbvbnub Departments (Supplementary), 1953-54

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1954, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

CIVIL Class I

Vote.

4. For the salaries and other expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Treasury and subordinate departments, including the salary and expenses of the Secretary of State for the Co-ordination of Transport, Fuel and Power, and the additional salary payable to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Comptroller and Auditor General; and remanet expenses of the National Insurance • Audit Department....

14. For the salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office and Pensions Commutation Board ...

Supply Grants Appropriation! in Aid

£ £

61,000 —

1,220 *-270

10 3,715

10 725

17.

For the salaries of the establishment under the Public Works Loan Commission and the expenses of the Commission 10

Carried forward - - -£| 62,250

1,774

5,944

* Deficit.

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

239

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £ 62,250 5,944

Scan. (B). Part 4. Civil and Revenue

Departments

(Supple-

mentary),

1953-54.

Class I—continued

Vote.

22. For the purchase and sale of silver and for handling and storage charges -

3,431,200

24b. For a grant in aid of the Lord Mayor’s National Flood and Tempest Distress Fund and other Funds

1,250,000

25. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Secretary of State for Scotland and of the Scottish Home Department, and the salary of a Minister of State; expenses in connection with private legislation; expenses on, and subsidies for, certain transport services; grants and expenses in connection with services relating to children and young persons and with probation services; grants in connection with physical training, coast protection works, services in Development Areas, school crossing patrols, &c.; certain grants in aid; and sundry other services

38,200

9,000

Class II

1.

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, including Her Majesty’s Missions and Consulates abroad, and the salary of two Ministers of State - 10

Carried forward - - -£) 4,781,660

14,944

240

Ch. 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

CBV Patt 4. Chffland Revenue

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4—continued

CIVIL—continued

mentaiy),

195J-M.

Brought forward -Class II—continued

Vote.

2. For sundry grants and services connected with Her Majesty’s Foreign Service, including grants in aid

5. For grants in aid of expenses of the United Nations and of technical assistance for economic development

10.

11.

For the expenses of the Overseas Food Corporation, including a loan to the East African Railways and Harbours Administration -

Class III

6.

For expenses in connection with the fire services in England and Wales, including the cost of inspection and training, grants in respect of expenditure incurred by fire authorities and certain other expenses; and for remanet expenditure in connection with the National Fire Service, England and Wales ...

7.

For sundry Colonial services, including grants in aid; and certain expenditure in connection with the liabilities of the former Government of Palestine

For the salaries and expenses of the State Management Districts in England and Wales, including the cost of provision and management of licensed premises ....

Carried forward * Deficit.

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

4,781,660

7,328,580

150,000

10

380,867

14,944

120,000

*-349,444

1 192,000 1 *-3,000

1 1 10 ! 53,990

1 12,833,127 •-163,510

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

241

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4—continued

CIVIL—continued Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

Brought forward - 12,833,127 •-163,510

Class III—continued

Vote. 8. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature, Court of Criminal Appeal and

Courts-Martial Appeal Court as are not charged on die Consolidated Fund; the salaries and expenses of the Judge Advocate General and the Judge Advocate of the Fleet, Pensions Appeal Tribunals, and the Lands Tribunal; payments to jurors; trial of election petitions; and a grant in aid 40,000 27,450

9. For salaries and expenses in connection with the County Courts - 40,744 10,540

10. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Land Registry - 10 24,990

11. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Public Trustee - 10 $.151

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Law Officers’ Department; the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty's Procurator-General and Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty’s Treasury, and of the Department of the Director of Public Prosecutions; and the costs of prosecutions and other legal proceedings, and of Parliamentary Agency 10 13,990

13. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses 5,000 —

Carried forward - - -£ 12,918,901 *—77,3

SCHED. (B). Part 4. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supple* mentary), 1953-54.

Deficit

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Buz. 2

SCBED. Oft. Part 4. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1953-54

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4—continued

Vote.

21.

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward ... Class HI—continued

For the salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate's Department and other law charges, including the provision of free legal assistance, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice and of Pensions Appeal Tribunals -

22. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registers of Scotland -

Class IV

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Education and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid, grants in connection with physical training and recreation, and grants to approved associations for youth welfare

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Imperial War Museum, including a grant in aid

13. For public education in Scotland, including grants in aid of the Education (Scotland) Fund; die Royal Scottish Museum, Edinburgh, the education of Poles, and other educational services, including certain grants in aid

15. For the salaries and expenses of the National Library, Scotland, including a grant in aid -

Carried forward - - -£

• Deficit

Supply Grants i

"in Aid

1 " " 1 " ' £ £

12,918,901 I *-77J89

1 7,000 7,100

10 7,990

10

10 —

10 —

| 400 —

? 12,926,341 *-62,299

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

243

SCHEDULE (B).—Part A—continued

SCHED. (B). Part 4. Civil and Revenue

CIVIL—continued

Supply

Grants

in Aid

meotary),

1953-54.

Brought forward -

12,926,341

*-62,299

Class V

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Housing and Local Government, Rent Control Tribunals, Local Valuation Panels and Courts, and the National Parks Commission; grants and other expenses in connection with water supply, sewerage, coast protection, flood emergency, and certain civil defence services; grants to local authorities in connection with planning and re-development, town development, national parks, Ac.; grants to development corporations established for the purposes of new towns; a contribution to the Ironstone Restoration Fund; remanet and sundry other services

1,178,850

3,500

2 For grants and other payments in respect of the provision and improvement of housing accommodation, and of food and other services in relation to emergency housing, in England and Wales

1,245,000

*-20,000

6. For a grant in aid of the Medical Research Council, and for a grant to the Council in respect of research schemes under Conditional Aid arrangements

Carried forward -£

• Deficit.

10

15,350,201

6,214

-72,585

45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 A 3 ELiz. 2

2M

SCHEDi CB). Part 4. Civil and Revenue

Departments

(Swte-

mentary),

1953-34.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4—

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -

Supply

Grants

15,350,201

Appropriations in Aid

*-72,585

Class V—continued

Vote.

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and National Service, including expenses in connection with the inspection of factories; grants to local authorities, associations and other bodies in respect of employment exchange and other services; expenses of training, transfer, rehabilitation and resettlement and in connection with national service; a grant in aid of the International Labour Organisation; expenses of the Industrial Court and the Industrial Disputes Tribunal; and sundry other services

10. For sums payable by the Exchequer to the National Insurance Fund and the Industrial Injuries Fund and for payments in respect of family allowances

50,000

*-50,000

335,000

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies

2,300

*-300

15.

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Health for Scotland

and the General Board of Control

for Scotland; and for grants and

other expenses in connection with

water and sewerage services, town

and country planning and the

creation of new towns; and certain ,

expenses in connection with civil

defence and other services - • 835,500

Carried forward

-£> 16,573,001

26,000

-96,885

* Deficit.

1954

Appropriation

Act; 1954

Ch. i45

245

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4—continued.

Vote.

17.

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -Class V—continued

For grants and other payments in respect of the provision and improvement of housing accommodation in Scotland

18. For Exchequer Equalisation Grants and certain other grants to local authorities in Scotland -

Class VI

1. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and subordinate departments, including assistance and subsidies to certain industries; certain grants in aid; and other services

A: For the salaries and expenses of the Export Credits Guarantee Department. and for payments under guarantees given after consultation with the Export Guarantees Advisory Council - - - - -

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Supply for the administration of supply (including research and development, inspection, storage, M) disposal and capital and ancillary services related thereto); for the supply of atomic energy and radioactive substances; for administrative >>'• services m connection with the iron and steel, non-ferrous and light metals and engineering industries; and for miscellaneous services -

Carried forward -

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

16,573,001

551.000

785.000

10

2,970,000

10

-£| 20,879,021

SCHED. (B). Pa*t4-Civitand Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1953-54.

*-96,885

*—16,000

*-244fi00

4*286,000

* . > i VI

6,000,000

1,357,115

246

Cb. 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

SCHED. (B). Part 4. Civil and Revenue

mcotary),

1953-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part A—continued

Vote.

1.

4.

7.

8.

12.

CIVIL—continued Supply Grants

Appvopnanon in Aid

£ £

Brought forward - 20,879,021 1,357,115

Class VH

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Works - 257,000 •-300,000

For expenditure in respect of public buildings overseas - 10 —

For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous works services, including certain grants in aid 10 101,990

For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., in respect of property in the occupation of the Crown for the public service, and for rates on buildings occupied by representatives of other Commonwealth countries and of foreign powers; and for the salaries and expenses of the Rating of Government Property Department 975,000 67,000

For expenditure in respect of public works and buildings in Ireland 10,000 4,000

Carried forward -£ 22,121,041 1,230,105

* Deficit.

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

247

SCHEDULE (B).—Part A—continued

CIVIL—continued

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward Class vm

- 22,121,041

1,230,105

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, and of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, including grants, grants in aid and expenses in respect of agricultural education and research; services in connection with livestock; land settlement; land drainage; purchase, adaptation, development and management of land; agricultural credits and marketing; the guarantee of a minimum price for home-produced wool; the prevention of food infestation; agricultural training and settlement schemes; fishery organisation, research and development; and sundry other services ...

4,810,000

250,000

2. For certain food production services of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries

3,880,000

*—80j000

3. For the salaries and allowances of the 'White Fish Authority and of the Scottish Committee; allowances to the members of the White Fish Industry Advisory Council; grants and loans in respect of certain expenses of the Authority, including grants in aid; and a pant in aid of the White Fish Marketing Fund ...

10

5.

For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Crown Lands

3,092

Carried forward -

-£l

30,814,143

1,400,105

* Deficit.

SCHED. (B). Past 4. Civil and Revenue

mentaiy),

1953-54.

248

Ch. 45

Appropriation

Act* 1954

2 & 3 2

SCHED. (B). Part 4. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1955-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4—continued

CTVTL-^continued Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Brought forward - £ 30,814,143 £ 1,400,105

Class VIII—continued Vote. 9. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Food; the cost of trading services, including certain subsidies; a grant in aid; and sundry other services, including certain expenses in connection with civil defence - 162,178.350 *—39fl00

14. For the salaries and expenses of the members of the Herring Industry Board and allowances to members of the Herring Industry Advisory Council; grants in respect of certain expenses of the Herring Industry Board, including grants in aid; and a grant in aid of the Herring Marketing Fund 712,000

Class IX 1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Transport, including expenses of the Transport and Transport Arbitration Tribunals, advances to die Transport Fund, and sundry other services 10 138,240

4. For shipping and certain special services, including war terminal services, repair of damage by flood and tempest and certain expenses in connection with inland transport - 10 808,090

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Civil Aviation, including a grant in aid and certain other grants and subsidies ... 10 1,000.000

Carried forward - - -£ 193,704,523 3,307,435

* Deficit

1954 Appropriation

, 1954

Ch. 45

249

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4

Vote.

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -Class TX—continued

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, including the Geological Survey of Great Britain and Museum of Practical Geology and certain grants in aid

For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Lord President of the Council (Atomic Energy Department) for the administration of the supply of atomic energy and radioactive substances, including research and development, inspection, storage, disposal and capital and ancillary services related thereto -

Class X

For war pensions and allowances (including cost of treatment) arising out of the war of 1914-18 to merchant seamen and fishermen and their dependants -

For payments in respect of pensions, gratuities and allowances for disablement or death arising out of war, or out of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September 1939; sundry contributions in respect thereof; a grant in aid; grants to ex-prisoners-of-war and others in respect of the distribution of Japanese assets in the United Kingdom; and other services, including payment of National Service Grants ...

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

193,704,523

10

10

7,000

450,000

Carried forward £|l94,161,543

Sched. (B). Part 4. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1953-54.

3,307,435

51,000

17,363,000

20,000

20,741,435

250 Ch. 45 Appropriation Act, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 4. Civil and D MMftttA SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4—continued

IVCYvllUV " Departments (Supple- mentary), 1953-54. CIVIL—continued Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

: £ £

Brought forward - >194,161,543 20,741,435

Class X—continued 1 i

Vote.

4. For superannuation and other i non-effective annual allowances, j additional allowances, gratuities, ! compassionate allowances, supple- i mentary pensions, and certain other expenses in tonnection with superannuation in respect of civil i employment

550,000

40,000

5. For the salaries and expenses of the i Ministry of Pensions, the Ministry i of National Insurance and the j Ministry of Pensions and National i Insurance, including certain expenses j in connection with national insur- > ance, industrial injuries insurance, ! family allowances, workmen’s compensation, war pensions and sundry other services

I

12,000

191,500

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS

I.

For the salaries and expenses of the Customs and Excise Department, including a grant in aid -

3.

For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office, including telegraphs and telephones, and certain grants in aid

Total, Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1953-54 - - -£|204,773,543

580,000

9,470,000

300,000

20,672,935

* Deficit.

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

251

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5

SCHED. (Bj.

PaitS. Ministry of Defence,

1954-55.

MINISTRY OF DEFENCE

Schedule of Sum granted, and of the sum which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charge of the Ministry of Dbfbncb, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1955, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Defence; expenses in connection with International Defence Organisations, including a grant in aid; and a grant in aid of certain expenses incurred in the United Kingdom by the Government of £ £

die United States of America - 23,904,500 345,000

252

Ch. 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 ft 3 Eliz. 2

Scud. (B).

' Part 6.

Navy, SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6

1954-55.

NAVY

Schbduls of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the chargs of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1955, including provision for officers, seamen, boys and Royal Marines, and members of the Women’s Royal Naval Service and the Naval Nursing Service, to a number not exceeding 139,000, in addition to reserve forces, viz.:—

Vote.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

Sums not exceeding

&mpiy Grants Appropmtioai in Aid

£ £

For the pay, &c., of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines ... 47,800,000 561,000

For victualling and clothing for the Navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad 17,573,000 5,360,000

For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments at home and abroad 1,437,000 60,000

For civilians employed on fleet services 7,738,000 50,000

For educational services - 1,000,000 114,000

For scientific services, including a grant in aid to the National Institute of Oceanography - 15,665,000 639,000

For the Royal Naval Reserve, the Royal Fleet Reserve and the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve, &c. - 1,826,000 100

Carried forward - - -£ 93,039,000 6,784,100

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

253

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6—continued

Brought forward -

Yota.

8. Section I. For the personnel for ship-

building, repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad .... , Section U. For the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad .... , Section m. For contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, Ac

9. For naval armaments -

10. For works, buildings and repairs at

home and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants and other charges connected therewith

11. For various miscellaneous effective

services

12. For the Admiralty Office -

13. For non-effective services -

14. For the Directorate of Merchant Ship-

building and Repairs and certain miscellaneous expenses -

15. For certain additional quarters at home -

Total, Navy Services

married

Supply

Grants

SCHED, (M.

Part 6.

Navy,

Appropriations 1054-55. in Aid

93,039,000

35,128,000

64.870.000

77.862.000

31.595.000

16,837,000

10,333,100

7.190.000

16.122.000

23,800

100

-£353,000,000

6,784*100

185,000

9.859.000

23,095,000

5.162.000

1,300,000

2,419,900

15,000

245,000

1,235,000

50,300,000

254

Ch. 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7

Part 7.

Army,

1954-55 ARMY

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1955, including provision for Land Forces to a number not exceeding 549,000, all ranks, in addition to the Reserve Forces, Territorial Army, Home Guard, Cadet Forces and Malta Territorial Force, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

1. For the pay, &c., of the Army -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

- 123,080,000

14,970,000

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10. 11.

For the Reserve Forces (to a number not exceeding 70,000, other ranks, for the Regular Reserve and 174,000, all ranks, for the Army Emergency Reserve), Territorial Army (to a number not exceeding 328,400, all ranks). Home Guard (to a number not exceeding 60,000, all ranks), Cadet Forces and Malta Territorial Force 21,310,000 180,000

For the salaries, wages, &c., of the civilian staff of the War Office 3,200,000 30,000

For civilians 62,740,000 1,310,000

For movements 34,450,000 940,000

For supplies, Ac. 53,040,000 17,990,000

For stores 184,000,000 41,000,000

For works, buildings and lands - 30,700,000 4,420,000

For miscellaneous effective services - 3,520,000 8,000,000

For non-effective services - 18,960,000 240,000

For certain additional married quarters 100 4,400,000

Total, Army Services - -£ 535,000,100 j 93,500,000

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

255

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8

AIR

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Air Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1955, including provision for officers, airmen and airwomen for Air Force Service to a number not exceeding 288,000, all ranks, in addition to reserve and auxiliary services, viz.:—

Sched. (B). Part 8.

Air,

1954-55.

Vote.

1. For the pay, Ac., of the Air Force -

2. For the reserve and auxiliary services

(to a number not exceeding 194,000, all ranks, for the Royal Air Force Reserve, and 11,300, all ranks, for the Royal Auxiliary Air Force)

3. For the salaries, wages, &c., of civilian

staff of the Air Ministry -

4. For the salaries, wages, &c., of civilians

at outstations

5. For movements

6. For supplies

7. For aircraft and stores - - -

8. For works and lands....

9. For miscellaneous effective services,

including a grant in aid to the Royal Society

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

86,350,000

10. For non-effective services -

11. For certain quarters -

100

additional married Total, Air Services - - -£[491,640,000

2,179,900

4,190,000

28.570.000

12.300.000

95.840.000

199.640.000

51.500.000

5.970.000

5.100.000

2,830,000

1,100

157.000

3.893.000

930.000

7.070.000

67.360.000

19.200.000

2,820,000

300.000

4,000,000

108,561,100

256

Ch. 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 &3Euz.2

SCHED. (B). Part 9. Civil. Class I. 1954-55.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 9

CIVIL.—Class I

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending oo the 31st day of March 1955, viz.:—

Vote.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Chants A

in Aid

£ £

For the salaries and expenses of the House of Lords - 119,919 14,314

For the salaries and expenses of the House of Commons, including a grant in aid to the Kitchen Committee (including a Supplementary sum of £126.000) - 1,074,466 5,510

For expenses in respect of the registration of electors - 560,000 —

For the salaries and other expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Treasury and subordinate departments, and the additional salary payable to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster - 3,394,132 67,300

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council - 28,875 2,000

For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Lord Privy Seal - 7,580 —

For the salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales 88,760 2^00

For the salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission 372,820 69,000

Carried forward -£ 5,646,552 160,624

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

257

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 9—continued

Brought forward -

Vote

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Comptroller and Auditor General; and remanet expenses of the National Insurance Audit Department -

10. For the salaries and expenses of the

Registry of Friendly Societies -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Government Actuary

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Government Chemist

13. For a grant in aid of the Government

Hospitality Fund -

14. For the salaries and expenses of the

Royal Mint, including the withdrawal of coin from circulation, the purchase of metals and production of coinages, medals, badges, dies for postage and other stamps, and Her Majesty’s seals -

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Debt Office and Pensions Commutation Board -

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Savings Committee -

17. For the salaries and expenses of the

Public Record Office and of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments

18. For the salaries of the establishment

under the Public Works Loan Commission and the expenses of the Commission -

Carried forward -

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

5,646,552

473,735

72,300

23,481

283,440

60,000

100

3,065

941,200

102,439

100

-£| 7,606,412

Sctao::frl). Part 9. CiviL Class I. 1954-55.

160,624

41,710

4,500

30,520

500

9,372,320

38,850

6,000

57,763

9,712,787

I

Ch. 45

Appropriation & 3 Buz. 2

Act, 1954 SCHEDULE (B).—Part 9—

Sfmn (B).

Part 9. CiviL OanL

1954-55.

Brought forward -

Vote.

19. For the salaries and other expenses of

Royal Commissions, committees, special inquiries, &c., including provision for shorthand -

20. For Her Majesty’s foreign and other

secret services

21. For the purchase and sale of silver and

for handling and storage charges -

22. For the salaries and expenses of the

Tithe Redemption Commission

23. For a grant in aid of the Lord Mayor’s

National Flood and Tempest Distress Fund and other Funds ...

24. For certain miscellaneous expenses,

including certain grants in aid-

24a. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain miscellaneous advances

25. For the salaries and expenses of the

Office of the Secretary of State for Scotland and of the Scottish Home Department, and the salary of a Minister of State; grants and expenses in connection with services relating to children and young persons and with probation services; grants in connection with school crossing patrols, physical training, coast protection and services in development areas; grants in aid, including a grant in aid of the Legal Aid (Scotland) Fund; expenses, including subsidies, in connection with certain transport services; grants to the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board in connection with civil defence measures; and sundry other services

26. Fpr the salaries and expenses of the

Scottish Record Office -

Total, Civil, Class I

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants

in Aid

7,606,412

208,000

5.000. 000 5,012,000

100

1.000. 000

137,484

87,422

9,712,787

328,600

1,100

1,935,744

34,542

63,81

8,40

21,021,704

10,114,69

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

259

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 10

CIVIL.—Class II

Scheo. (B). Part 10.

ctva.

Class n. 1954-55.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1955, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, including Her Majesty's Missions and Consulates abroad, control services in Germany and the salaries of two Ministers of State

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

15,187,290

1,419,000

2 For sundry grants and services connected with Her Majesty's Foreign Service, including grants in aid

24,255,800

298,000

3. For a grant in aid of the British Council

1,704,900

4. For grants in aid of expenses of the United Nations and of technical assistance for economic development

1,850,000

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Commonwealth Relations, including oversea estab-

lishments

Carried forward

- 1,908,370

36,700

-£ 44,906,360

1,753,700

CH. 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 A 3 Buz. 2

260

SCHED. (B).

Part 10.

CiviL Class B. 1954-55.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 10—

Voie.

6.

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

Brought forward -

44,906,360

1,753,700

For sundry Commonwealth services, including certain grants in aid; the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeal Tribunals in the Republic of Ireland; a grant in aid to the Republic of Ireland in respect of compensation to transferred officers; and certain expenditure in connection with former Burma services -

1,894,782

14,600

7. For expenses connected with oversea settlement -

201,300

600

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Colonies and the salary of the Minister of State for Colonial Affairs ...

1,069,660

26,660

9. For sundry Colonial services, including grants in aid; and certain expenditure in connection with the liabilities of the former Government of Palestine (including a Supplementary sum of £227,000) -

39,475,928

70,800

10. For the expenses of the Overseas Food Corporation, including a loan to the East African Railways and Harbours Administration -

309,010

559,100

11.

For schemes made under the Colonial Development and Welfare Acts for the development of the resources of colonies, protectorates, protected states and trust territories, and the welfare of their peoples

17,500,000

10,000

Carried forward -

-£1105,357,040

2,435,460

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

261

SCHEDULE (B).—Part \0—continued

Brought forward -

Vote

12. For schemes made under the Colonial Development and Welfare Acts for the development of the resources of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, and of the South African High Commission Territories, and the welfare of their peoples -

Supply

Grants

105,357,040

Appropriation* in Aid

2,435,460

501,300

SCHED. (B).

Part 10.

Civil. Class n. 1954-55.

13.

For certain expenses of the Imperial War Graves Commission, including purchase of land in the United Kingdom and a grant in aid -

Total, Civil, Class II -

1,363,263

107,221,603

2,435,460

v^»

262

Ch. 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2&3Euz.:

SCHED. (B). Part 11.

Ctvik Class m. 1954-55.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 11

CIVIL.—Class III

Schedule op Sums granted, and of the sums which may be appliec as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charge of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned r«. which will come in course of payment during the year endini on the 31st day of March 1955, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Home Department and Minister for Welsh Affairs and subordinate offices; grants towards the expenses of the probation of offen-! < ders, of courts of summary jurisdiction and of school crossing patrols; certain giants in aid; and sundry services, including certain services arising out of the war -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

4,973,710

1,224,650

2. For grants and expenses in connection with civil defence, including certain expenditure arising out of the war -

15,456,375

857,000

3. For expenses in connection with the police services in England and Wales, including the cost of inspection and training; grants in respect of expenditure incurred by police authorities; a contribution to the International Criminal Police Commission; and fees to deputy metropolitan magistrates -

34,368,310

228,93!

4.

For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Prison Commissioners and of prisons, Borstal institutions and detention centres in England and Wales

Carried forward - - -£

7,734,971 1,844,0a

62,533,366 4,154,58!

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

263

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 11—continued

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Sched.(B). Part 11.

cm

Class m.

1954-55.

Brought forward -

62,533,366

5. For grants in respect of the expenses of the managers of approved schools in England and Wales; grants to local authorities in respect of their expenditure in connection with the care and welfare of children and young persons; grants towards the expenses of voluntary homes; and expenses in connection with training in child care

8,841,900

4,154,585

645,100

6. For expenses in connection with the fire services in England and Wales, including the cost of inspection and training; grants in respect of expenditure incurred by fire authorities and certain other expenses; and for remanet expenditure in connection with the National Fire Service, England and Wales- -

4,502,935

26,000

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Carlisle State Management District, including the cost of provision and management of licensed premises -

100

1,566,675

8. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature, Court of Criminal Appeal and Courts-Martial Appeal Court as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund; the salaries and expenses of the Judge Advocate General and the Judge Advocate of the Fleet, Pensions Appeal Tribunals, and the Lands Tribunal; payments to jurors, and trial of election petitions

Carried forward - - -£

100

1,510,378

75,878,401

7,902,738

2M

Appropriation 2 & 3

Act, 1954

Sched. (BE). Part 11.

cwa.

Class m. 1954-55.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 11—

Brought forward -

Vote.

9. For salaries and expenses in connection

with the County Courts -

10. For a grant in aid of the Legal Aid

Fund

Supply

Grants

I

75,878,401

364,200

Appropriation

in Aid

7,902,738

855,760

1,152,800

11. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Land Registry -

100

596,380

12. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Public Trustee -

100

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Law Officers* Department; the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty's Procurator-General and Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty’s Treasury, and of the Department of the Director of Public Prosecutions; and the costs of prosecutions and other legal proceedings, and of Parliamentary Agency

484,761

14. For certain miscellaneous legal ex-

penses - - - 60,410

15. For grants and expenses in connection

with civil defence in Scotland, including certain expenditure arising out of the war- - 1,482,594

434,600

148,500

27,500

16.

For the salary and expenses of the Inspector of Constabulary, the cost of special services, and grants in respect of Police expenditure in Scotland

3,565,684

1,500

Carried forward -

-£ 82,989,050

9,966,978

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

265

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 11—continued

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

SCHED. (B);

Part U-CiviL Class ID*

1954-55.

Brought forward - 82,989,050

Vote.

17. For salaries and expenses in connection with the administration of Scottish prisons, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics- ... 674,222

9,966,978

117,970

18. For grants in respect of the expenses of the managers of approved schools in Scotland

261,800

7,000

19. For expenses in connection with the fire services in Scotland, including the cost of inspection and training, grants in respect of expenditure incurred by fire authorities and joint fire committees and certain other expenses -

444,932

2,650

20. For the salaries and expenses of the State Management Districts in Scotland, including the cost of provision and management of licensed premises -

100

358,133

21. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Scottish Land Court -

22 For the salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate’s Department and other law charges, including the provision of free legal assistance, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice and of Pensions Appeal Tribunals

17,471

215,179

675

224,000

23. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registers of Scotland- -

100

129,935

Carried forward -

84,602,854

10,807,341

I*

266

Ch. 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 & 3 B. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 11.

Civil. Clast in.

1954-55.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 11—continued

Vote.

24.

Brought forward -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

- 84,602,854

10,807,341

For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal of Northern Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund, the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeal Tribunals in Northern Ireland, and other expenses, including certain expenses in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland and a grant in aid -

54,374

22,295

25.

For charges in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland, and the expenses of management of guaranteed stocks and bonds issued for the purposes of Irish land purchase

1,194,640

100

Total, Civil, Class HI -

85,851,868

10,829,736

1554

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

267

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12

CIVIL.—Class TV Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1955, viz.:—

Vote.

1.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid, grants in connection with physical training and recreation, and grants to approved associations for youth welfare

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

British Museum, including a grant inaid

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

British Museum (Natural History), including a grant in aid -

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Imperial War Museum, including a grant in aid

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

London Museum, including a grant inaid

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Gallery, including a grant in aid - -

6a. For the salaries and expenses of the Tate Gallery, Millbank, including a grant in aid

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Maritime Museum, including a grant in aid -

Carried forward -£

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

244,497,078 21,045,160

433,771 56,030

306,421 6,250

40,126 900

20,520 50

71,771 403

42,512 —

44,528 t * 60

fc>45,456,727 21,108,853 I. 2

SCHEO. (B). Part 12.

Civil. Class TV. 1954-55.

268

'Ol 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 12.

Ova. Class IV. 1954-55.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12—continued

Brought forward -

Vote.

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid -

9. For the salaries and expenses of the

Wallace Collection -

10. For grants in aid to certain institutions

and bodies concerned with science, learning and the arts, and for other services in connection therewith, including a loan -

11. For a grant in aid of the expenses of,

for loans to, and for grants for endowing certain chairs and reader-ships at, universities, colleges, &c.,

(in Great Britain, and the cost of certain post-graduate studentships -

12. For grants and grants in aid to the

British Broadcasting Corporation (including a Supplementary sum of £3,600,000)

13. For public education in Scotland, in-

cluding grants in aid of the Education (Scotland) Fund; the Royal Scottish Museum, Edinburgh, the education of Poles, and other educational services, including certain grants in aid ' (including a Supplementary sum of £6,885)

14. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Gallery, Scotland, and the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, including certain grants in aid 14a. For the salaries and expenses of the National Museum of Antiquities of Scotland, including a grant in aid (including a Supplementary sum of £8,000)

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Library, Scotland, including a grant in aid -

i Total, Civil, Class IV - -£

Supply Grants Appropristw in Aid

£ £

245,456,727 21,108,853

24,152 2,100

31,468 4,500

1,210,823 336

27,932,500 290,500

23,065,000 —

34,355,463 2,960,576

29,308 2,070

20,669 50

25,680 5,017

332,151,790 24,374,002

1954 Appropriation Ch. 45) 2

1954

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13

CIVIL.—Class V

SCHED. (B). Part 13.

Civil Class V. 1954-55.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1955, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

Vote.

1.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Housing and Local Government, Rent Control Tribunals, Local Valuation Panels and Courts, and the National Parks Commission; grants and other expenses in connection with water supply, sewerage, coast protection, flood emergency, and certain civil defence services; grants to local authorities in connection with planning and re-develop-

meat, town development, national parks, &c.; grants to development corporations established for the purposes of new towns; a contribution to the Ironstone Restoration Fund; rem&net and sundry other services (including a Supplementary sum of £29,990) 10,594,200 i 520,000

1 For grants and other payments in respect of the provision and improvement of housing accommodation, and of food and other services in relation to emergency housing, in England and Wales ... 65,794,450 8,771,600

3. For Exchequer Equalisation Grants to local authorities in England and Wales J 1 | 67,700,000 1 .

Carried forward - - -£ 144,088,650 9,291,600

m

45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

SCHED. (B). Part 13.

Civil. Class V. 1954-55.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13—

Vote.

4.

5.

Brought forward -

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health and the Board of Control; expenditure on the Polish health services; measures for civil defence; port health administration; residential accommodation for the aged, infirm, &c.; purchases on repayment for other Government Departments; and sundry other services, including a grant in aid of the expenses of the World Health Organisation

For the provision of a comprehensive health service for England and Wales and other services connected therewith, including medical services for pensioners, &c., disabled as a result of war, or of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September, 1939, the treatment abroad of respiratory tuberculosis, certain training arrangements, the purchase of appliances, equipment, stores, &c., necessary for the services, and certain expenses in connection with civil defence

6. For a grant in aid of the Medical Research Council, and for a grant to the Council in respect of research schemes under Conditional Aid arrangements 1,947,109 15,976

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registrar General 400,064 265,900

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Central Land Board ... 458,000 11,500

9. For the salaries and expenses of the War Damage Commission 1,029,000 176,000

Carried forward -

Supply

Grants

Appropriation in Aid

144,088,650

3,666,280

384,215,685

535,804,788

9,291,600

2,112,200

64,036,350

75,909,526

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

271

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13—continued

Brought forward -

Supply

Grants

- 535,804,788

Appropriations in Aid

75,909,526

SCHED. (B) Part 13.

ChriL

OaasV

1954-55.

10. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Health for Scotland and the General Board of Control for Scotland; and for grants and other expenses in connection with water and sewerage services, town and country planning and the creation of new towns; and certain expenses in connection with civil defence and other services

11. For the provision of a comprehensive

health service for Scotland and other services connected therewith, including medical services for pensioners, Ac., disabled as a result of war, or of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September, 1939, the treatment abroad of respiratory tuberculosis, certain training arrangements, the purchase of appliances, equipment, stores, &c., necessary for the services, certain expenses in connection with civil defence, and sundry other services

3,835,500

48,917,800

90,500

7,620,000

II For grants and other payments in respect of the provision and improvement of housing accommodation in Scotland -

13. For Exchequer Grants and certain other grants to local authorities in Scotland

14,458,500

9,650,000

462,320

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages, in Scotland

Total, Civil, Class V - -£

61,132 9,935

612,727,720 84,092,281

112

Ol 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz 2

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14

CIVIL.—Class VI

Schedule of Sums granted and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1955, viz.:—

i'

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and subordinate departments, including assistance and subsidies to certain industries; certain grants in aid; and other services (including a Supplementary sum of £120,000) -

2. For services in Development Areas -

3. For financial assistance to industrial

undertakings in Development Areas, including remanet expenditure in respect of similar assistance in former Special Areas

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Export Credits Guarantee Department, and for payments under guarantees given after consultation with the Export Guarantees Advisory Council -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

5,522,450

4,815,050

2,100,750

2,012,510

100

6,298,400

5. For payments under Special Guarantees given in the national interest by the Board of Trade on which consultation with the Export Guarantees Advisory Council is not required -

424,000

251,000

6.

For expenditure of the Board of Trade in connection with the procurement and maintenance of strategic reserves 60,000

Carried forward - - -£ 12,834,110

500

8,650,650

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

273

Vote.

7.

8.

9.

10. 11.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14—continued

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

Brought forward - 12,834,110 8,650,650

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and National Service, including expenses in connection with employment exchanges and the inspection of factories; expenses, including grants and loans, in connection with employment services, training, transfer, rehabilitation and resettlement; expenses in connection with national service; repayment of loan charges in respect of employment schemes; expenses of the Industrial Court and the Industrial Disputes Tribunal; a

grant in aid of the International

Labour Organisation; and sundry other services 19,880,000 4,136,000

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Materials - 740,000. 300

For expenditure of the Ministry of Matenals on trading services and assistance to industry, including grants in aid 780,010 16,000

For expenditure of the Ministry of Matenals in connection with the procurement and maintenance of strategic reserves .... 39,591,000 4,953,000

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Supply for the administration of supply (including research and development, inspection, storage, disposal and capita) and ancillary services related thereto); for assistance to industry and for scrap metal recovery; for administrative services in connection with the iron and steel, non-ferrous and light metals and engineering industries; and for miscellaneous services... - 198,000,000 27,500,000

Carried forward - - -£ 271,825,120 45,255,950

Sched. (B). Part 14.

Civil. Class VI. 1954-55.

214

Appropriation Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.

SCHED.O). Part 14.

Civil. Class VL 1954-55.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14—continued

! Supply j Grants Appropriations in Aid

Brought forward - £ 271,825,120 £ 45,255,950

Vote.

12. For expenditure of the Ministry of Supply on the supply of munitions, aircraft, electronics equipment, common-user and other articles for the Government service, and on miscellaneous supply

11,500,000

13. For the expenses of operating the Royal Ordnance Factories

8,500,000

51,450,000

14.

For expenditure of the Ministry of Supply in connection with the procurement and maintenance of strategic I reserves - - - - - - i 80,000

Total, Civil, Class VI -

-£|291,905,120

96,705,950

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

275

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15

CIVIL.—Class VU Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1955, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote. 1. For the salaries and expenses of the £ £

Ministry of Works ... 2. For expenditure in respect of Houses of Parliament buildings (including a 7,014,960 3,733,000

Supplementary sum of £34,000) - 3. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in the United 407,000 2,000

Kingdom, including a grant in aid -4. For expenditure in respect of public 27,727,000 5,779,550

buildings overseas .... 5. For expenditure in respect of Royal 2,009,000 99,870

Palaces, including a grant in aid -6. For expenditure in respect of Royal 505,800 26,135

parks and pleasure gardens - 7. For grants and expenses in connection with historic buildings and ancient 822,000 67,000

monuments, including a grant in aid 8. For expenditure in respect of miscel- 684,450 147,550

laneous works services - 9. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., in respect of property in the occupation of the Crown for the public service, and certain public buildings occupied in part, on repayment, by non-Exchequer bodies; for rates on buildings occupied by representatives of other Commonwealth countries and of foreign powers; and for the salaries and expenses of the Rating of Government Property 2,465,250 953,450

Department 13,597,000 492,200

Carried forward -£ 55,232,460 11,300,755

SCHED. (B) Part 15.

Civil. Class VII. 1954-55.

216

45

Appropriation Act, 1954

2 & 3

SCBED. (B). Pact 15.

ChnL Class YD. 1954-55.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15—continued

supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

Brought forward - Vote. 10. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books for the public service; for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office; and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of parliamentary debates 55,232,460 11,878,366 11,300,755 4,290,000

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Central Office of Information - 1,380,000 283,400

12. For the construction of a harbour of refuge at Peterhead - 45,000 —

Total, Civil, Class VII -£ 68,535,826 15,874,155

1954 Appropriation Ch. 45 277

Act, 1954

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 16

CIVIL.—Class VUI

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1955, viz.:—

Schbo. (B). Part 16.

Civfl. Class VELI. 1954-55.

Sums not exceeding

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries; of County Agricultural Executive Committees; of the Agricultural Land Commission; of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew; and of the White Fish Authority and the Scottish Committee thereof -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

10,915,934

138,835

2. For grants and subsidies to farmers and others for the encouragement of food production and the improvement of agriculture ...

46,198,640

2,500

3. For grants, grants in aid and expenses in connection with services to agriculture; including land drainage and rehabilitation of land damaged by flood and tempest; purchase, development and management of land, including land settlement and provision of smallholdings; services in connection with livestock, hfcd compensation for slaughter of diseased animals; provision and operation of machinery; training and supplementary labour schemes; control of pests; agricultural education, research and advisory Services; marketing; and agricultural credits

13,014,810

6,999,010

Carried forward

70,129,384

7,140, 345

278

Ch. 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

SCHED. (B).

Part 16.

cm.

Class Vm. 1954-55.

SCHEDULE (B)—Part \ 6—continued

Vote.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

Brought forward -

For financial assistance to fishermen and for research and development in connection with fisheries and fish marketing; including grants and loans to the White Fish Authority, and a grant in aid of the White Fish Marketing Fund ....

For the survey of Great Britain and other mapping services ...

For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Crown Lands

For grants in aid of the Agricultural Research Council and the Nature Conservancy

For a grant in aid of the Development Fund

9. For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Food; for the cost of trading services, including certain subsidies; for direct subsidy payments, including certain payments under agricultural price guarantees; for a grant in aid; and for sundry other services, including certain expenses in connection with civil defence. (Revised sum)-

11. For expenditure of the Ministry of

Food m connection with the procurement and maintenance of strategic reserves

Carried forward -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants

in Aid

70,129,384

7,140,345

3,082,200

2,783,410

86,060

1,401,500

1,210,000

7,773,000

10,900

388,950

228,583,902

10,534,000

69,500

64,503,000

[325,583,456

72,112,695

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

279

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 16—

Brought forward -

Vow.

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Agriculture for Scotland: for grants and subsidies to farmers and others for the encouragement of food production and die improvement of agriculture: and for grants, grants in aid and expenses in connection with services to agriculture; including land drainage and flood services; purchase, improvement and management of land; land settlement; public works in the congested districts; services in connection with livestock; provision and operation of machinery; training and labour schemes; control of pests; agricultural education, research and advisory services; marketing; and agricultural credits -

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

325,583,456 72,112,695

9,337,717 984,010

Sched. (B). Part 16.

Civil. Class Vin. 1954-55.

i

13. For Scottish fisheries and the United Kingdom herring industry: including the salaries and expenses of the fisheries staff of the Scottish Home

Department, and of the Herring Industry Board and Advisory Council; and grants, grants in aid, loans and expenses in connection with assistance to fishermen, research and development relating to fisheries and fish marketing, fishery protection, and maintenance of harbours, piers and quays -

Total, Civil, Class VIII -£

3,104,800 31,553

338,025,973 73.128,258

m

<2h.4$

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 & 3 2

SCHED. (B> Part 17.

Civil. Glass IX. 1954-55.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 17

CIVIL.—Class IX

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1955, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Transport and Civil Aviation, including the salaries and expenses of the Coastguard, the Transport and Transport Arbitration Tribunals, and the Air Transport Advisory Council, and sundry other services

7,193,000

2,097.800

2. For a grant in aid of the Road Fund; for other expenditure in connection with roads; for payments to local authorities in reimbursement of expenses incurred in the collection of motor vehicle duties, Ac., and the registration of motor vehicles; and for other services -

40,004,500

770,000

3.

For expenses, including war terminal expenses, in connection with the provision and use of ships for trooping, emigration and other purposes; and in respect of miscellaneous services connected with shipping, seamen, inland transport and ports, including the repair of damage by flood and tempest, and certain special services

4,157,000

2,325,240

Carried forward -

51,354,500

5,193,040

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

Ch. 45

281

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 17—

Brought forward -

Vote.

4. For the construction, maintenance and operation of aerodromes and other services in connection with civil aviation, including a grant in aid and certain other grants and subsidies -

Supply

Grants

51,354,500

Appropriations in Aid

5,193,040

8,342,000

3,064,000

SCHED. (B).

Part 17.

Civil. Class IX. 1954-55.

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Fuel and Power, loans to industry for fuel-saving equipment, assistance to gas and electricity services in Development Areas, expenses in connection with the nationalisation of the coal and gas industries, and a grant in respect of coal-mining subsidence damage

3,785,700

487,500

6. For the supply, storage and distribution of petroleum products and certain other special services of the Ministry of Fuel and Power, including expenditure on civil defence

15,215,010

150,000

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Lord President of the Council (Atomic Energy) and for grants and loans to the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority in connection with the supply of atomic energy and radio-active substances, including research and development, inspection, storage, disposal and capital and ancillary services related thereto -

53,675,000

1,579,000

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, including certain grants in aid

6,267,210

Total, Civil, Class IX - -£ 138,639,420

769,223

11,242,763

282

Ch. 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

SCHED. (B). Part 18.

Civil. Class X. 1954-55.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 18

CIVIL.—Class X

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1955, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote

1. For superannuation and other non-effective annual allowances, additional allowances, gratuities, compassionate allowances, supplementary pensions, and certain other expenses in connection with superannuation in respect of civil employment

Supply

Grants

Appropriations

in Aid

10,447,500

478,960

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions and National Insurance, including certain expenses in connection with national insurance, industrial injuries insurance, family allowances, workmen's compensation, war pensions and sundry other services

4,440,000

17,103,100

3.

For payments in respect of pensions, gratuities and allowances for disablement or death arising out of war, or out of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September, 1939; sundry contributions in respect thereof; a grant in aid; grants to ex-prisoners-of-war and others in respect of the distribution of Japanese assets in the United Kingdom; and other services, including payment of National Service Grants-

Carried forward - - -£

81,048,000 601,000

95,935,500 | 18,183,060

1954

Appropriation

Act; 1954

Ch. 45

293

3ched.(B). Part 18.

CiviL

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 18— continuedOawX.

1954-55.

Brought forward -

Vote,

4. For sums payable by the Exchequer to the National Insurance Fund and the Industrial Injuries Fund and for payments in respect of family allowances

Supply

Grants

95,935,500

Appropriations in Aid

18,183,060

183,189,000

11,000

5.

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the National Assistance Board and of certain Appeal Tribunals; non-contributory old-age pensions, including pensions to blind persons; assistance grants; expenses of reception centres, &c.; and the maintenance of certain classes of Poles in Great Britain -

132,536,000

1,450,000

6.

For pensions, compensation allowances and gratuities awarded to retired and disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and to widows of such members, including annuities to the National Debt Commissioners in respect of commutation of compensation allowances and certain extra-statutory

payments -

Total, Civil, Class X

1,123,000

-£412,783,500

19,644,060

284

Cil 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Buz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 19. Revenue

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 19

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1955, viz.:—

Vote.

1.

Z

3.

- Sums not exceeding

Supply * Appfopnumi

Grants in Aid

For the salaries and expenses of the Customs and Excise Department, £ £

including a grant in aid 12,887,600 656,600

For the salaries and expenses of the

Inland Revenue Department - For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office, including telegraphs and telephones, and certain grants in aid (including a Supplementary sum of 34,002,000 150,000

£100,000) 238,240,000 17,306,790

Total, Revenue Departments £ 285,129,600 18,113,390

j

1954 Appropriation Ch. 45 285

Act, 1954

SCHEDULE (C).—Part I

| DEFICITS SURPLUSES

Navy Services, 1952-53, Votes Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure i Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts Surpluses of estimated over actual gross Expenditure Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts

1. Pay, Ac., of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines £ s. . 603,498 19 2 £ s. . £ s. . £ s. . 26,667 2 6

2 Victualling and Clothing for the Navy ... — — 172,958 1 9 9,679 15 11

3. Medical Establishments and Services 22,472 9 2 — — 23,356 9 9

4. Civilians employed on Fleet Services — 45,161 13 10 8,217 19 7

. Educational Services — 5,796 3 5 75,835 5 5 —

6. Scientific Services ... 847,065 16 3 — — 46,557 4 9

7. Royal Naval Reserves 16,711 8 4 — — 1*485 13 0

. Shipbuilding, Repairs, Maintenance, Ac.: Section I—Personnel Section II—Materiel Section HI—Contract Work 559,696 0 0 192,079" 3 0 184,518 1 10 285,609 8 1 854,068 16 9 61,866 1 8

9. Naval Armaments ... — 680,851 16 8 296,811 5 10 —

10. Works, Buildings, and Repairs at Home and Abroad 40,539 18 3 62,674 7 7 _

11. Miscellaneous Effective Services — — 360,689 16 3 392,142 5 6

11 Admiralty Office ... — — 91,786 11 5 21,065 8 6

13. Noo-Effective Services — — 300,923 17 8 87,422 2 11

14 Merchant Shipbuilding and Repair ... — — 4,171 7 9 948 18 7

15. Additional Married Quarters 6,451 8 3 — — —

Balances Irrecoverable and Claims Abandoned 16,645 18 2 — — —

Eneas Vote 2,113,081 17 7 1,125,919 12 6 2,488,016 4 9 71,556 2 8 679,429 2 8

2,113,081 17 7 1,125,919 12 6 i 2,559,572 7 5 679,429 2 8 1

£3,239,001 10s. Id. £3,239,001*10s. Id.

286

Ch. 45

Appropriation

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Buz. 2

Section 5. SCHEDULE (C).—Part II

Anny Services, 1952-53, Votes DEFICITS SURPLUSES

Excess of actual over estimated gross Expenditure Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts Surpluses of estimated over actual gross Expenditure Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts

£ s. . £ s. . £ s. . £ id.

1. Pay, Ac., of the Army — — 1,847,165 1 2 613,437 4

2. Reserve Forces, Terri-

torial Army, Home

Guard and Cadet

Forces — — 342,920 18 2 6,718 2 6

3. War Office — — 110,582 6 8 6^49 19

4. Civilians — — 206,054 3 4 66,507 10 9

5. Movements — — 475,746 19 8 102,849 3 9

6. Supplies, Ac. — — 1,210,215 16 4 485,656 4 9

7. Stores — 448,826 4 2 1,035,035 0 10 —

8. Works, Buildings and

Lands — — 468,398 4 3 74,780 11 5

9. Miscellaneous Effec-

tive Services — 162,965 14 4 249,546 10 11 —

10. Non-effective Services — 32,875 4 2 311,148 4 9 —

11. Additional Married

Quarters — 1,295,034 2 1 669,866 10 10 —

Balances Irrecoverable

and Claims Abandoned 105,834 3 2 — — —

105,834 3 2 L 1,939,701 4 9 6,926,679 16 11 1,356,298 17 3

£2,045,535 Is. 114 £8,282,978 14». 2d. . J

Net Surplus £6,237,443 6s. 3 4

1954

Appropriation

Act, 1954

CH. 45

287

SCHEDULE (Q.—PART IQ Section 5.

Air Services, 1952-53, Votes DEFICITS SURPLUSES

Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts Surpluses of estimated over actual gross Expenditure Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts

£ s. . £ s. . £ s. . £ s. .

1. Pay, Ac., of the Air

force — 93,697 10 8 2,809,269 13 11 —

2. Reserve and Auxiliary

Services — 91 14 10 34,715 13 1 —

3. Air Ministry — — 63,728 11 7 1,704 5 3

4. Civilians at Out-

stations — 119,106 2 10 204,567 17 9 —

5. Movements — — 8,489 2 6 780,127 15 8

6. Supplies 5,317,538 15 4 — — 1,083,353 3 9

7. Aircraft and Stores... — — 12,914,288 8 3 524,968 19 7

8. Works and Lands ... — 1,189,462 8 5 17,874,232 17 11 —

9. Miscellaneous Effcc-

tive Services 67,426 0 3 110,767 13 8 — —

10. Non-effective Services 25,777 10 6 — — 146,045 9 10

11. Additional Married

Quarters — 5,399,897 1 2 484,804 9 4 —

Balances Irrecoverable

and Claims Abandoned 9,496 18 8 — — —

5,420,239 4 9 6,913,024 11 7 J 34,394*096 14 4 2,536,199 14 1

£12,333,263 Ids. £36,930,296 8s. Sd.

Net Surplus £24,597,032 12s. Id.

288 Ch. 46 Protection of Animals 2 & 3 Ejjz. 2

(Anaesthetics) Act, 1954

CHAPTER 46

An Act to repeal the Animals (Anaesthetics) Act, 1919, and to extend the provisions of the Protection of Animals Acts in relation to the performance of operations on animals.

[30th July, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Use of i.—(i) if any operation to which this section applies is

anaCStiomon1 P^01111^ on any animal without the use of an anaesthetic so administered as to prevent any pain during the operation, that operation shall be deemed for the purposes of the principal Act to be an operation which is performed without due care and humanity.

(2) This section applies to any operation with or without the use of instruments which involves interference with the sensitive tissues or the bone structure of an animal, other than—

(a) the making of injections or extractions by means of a hollow needle; or (b) an operation included in the First Schedule to this Act

(3) The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and the Secretary of State, acting jointly, may, after consultation with the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons and with such persons appearing to the Minister and Secretary of State to represent agricultural interests as may appear to the Minister and Secretary of State appropriate, by order amend any of the ages specified in paragraph 6 of the said First Schedule; and any order under this subsection—

(a) shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall be; subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament; and (b) may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order thereunder.

(4) This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act, so, however, that in this Act the expression " animal " shall not include a fowl or other bird, fish or reptile.

(5) In this section, the expression " the principal Act " means-fa) in relation to England and Wales, the Protection of Animals Act, 1911; and (b) in relation to Scotland, the Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912; as amended by or under any other enactment.

1954

Protection of Animals

(Anaesthetics) Act, 1954

Ch. 46

289

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Protection of Animals Citation,

(Anaesthetics) Act, 1954. «*«

7 and com-

(2) This Act and the Acts specified in Part I of the Second mencemenL Schedule to this Act may be cited together as the Protection of Animals Acts, 1911 to 1954.

(3) This Act and the Acts specified in Part II of the said Second Schedule may be cited together as the Protection of Animals (Scotland) Acts, 1912 to 1954.

(4) The Animals (Anaesthetics) Act, 1919, is hereby repealed.

(5) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(6) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of September, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Section 1.

Excepted Operations

1. Any experiment duly authorised under the Cruelty to Animals Act, 1876.

2. The rendering in emergency of first aid for the purpose of saving life or relieving pain.

3. The docking of the tail of a dog before its eyes are open.

4. The amputation of the dew claws of a dog before its eyes are open.

5. The castration of any male dog before it has reached the age of three months or of any male cat before it has reached the age of six months.

6. The castration of a male animal specified in the following table before it has reached the age so specified, that is to say—

horse

ass or mule bull sheep goat pig ...

twelve months, twelve months, twelve months, twelve months, three months, seven months.

7. Any minor operation performed by a veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner, being an operation which, by reason of its quickness or painlessness, is customarily so performed without die use of an anaesthetic.

8. Any minor operation, whether performed by a veterinary surgeon or veterinary practitioner or by some other person, being an operation which is not customarily performed only by such a surgeon or practitioner.

K

290

Section 2.

Ch. 46 Protection of Animals 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Anaesthetics) , 1954

SECOND SCHEDULE Acts which may bb Cited Together Part I

The Protection of Animals Act, 1911.

The Protection of Animals Act (1911) Amendment Act, 1912.

The Protection of Animals Act (1911) Amendment Act, 1921.

The Performing Animals (Regulation) Act, 1925.

The Protection of Animals (Amendment) Act, 1927.

The Protection of Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) Act, 1933.

The Protection of Animals Act, 1934.

The Protection of Animals (Amendment) Act, 1954.

Part II

The Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912.

The Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912, Amendment Act, 1921.

The Performing Animals (Regulation) Act, 1925.

The Protection of Animals Act, 1934.

The Protection of Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) (Scotland) Act, 1934. The Protection of Animals (Amendment) Act, 1954.

GOO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Cruelty to Animals Act, 1876

Protection of Animals Act, 1911

Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912 ... Protection of Animals Act (1911) Amendment

Act, 1912

Animals (Anaesthetics) Act, 1919

Protection of Animals Act (1911) Amendment

Act, 1921

Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912,

Amendment Act, 1921

Performing Animals (Regulation) Act, 1925 ... Protection of Animals (Amendment) Act, 1927 Protection of Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) Act,

39 & 40 Vict. c. 77.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 27.

2 & 3 Geo. 5. c. 14.

2 & 3 Geo. 5. c. 17.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 54.

11 & 12 Geo. 5.C.14.

11 & 12 Geo. 5.C.22. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 38. 17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. 27.

1933

... 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 17.

Protection of Animals Act, 1934

Protection of Animals (Cruelty to Dogs)

(Scotland) Act, 1934

Protection of Animals (Amendment) Act, 1954

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 21.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 25. 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 40.

1954

Ch. 47

291

Marriage Act, 1949 (Amendment) , 1954

CHAPTER 47

An Act to amend the requirements of the Marriage Act, 1949, relating to marriages in registration districts in which neither party to the marriage resides.

[30th July, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Section thirty-five of the Marriage Act, 1949 (which prescribes Marriage in the circumstances in which a superintendent registrar may issue u»ual P1* a certificate for the solemnization of a marriage in a building outeidedhtrict which is not within a registration district in which one of the of residence, persons to be married has resided in the case of a marriage without \ 2 & 13 Geo 6. licence for the period of seven days immediately before the giving c.~76. of the notice of marriage or in the case of a marriage by licence for the period of fifteen days immediately before the giving of that notice) shall be read and have effect as if the following subsection were substituted for subsection (2) of the said section that is to say—

" (2) A superintendent registrar may issue a certificate or, if the marriage is to be by licence, a certificate and a licence, for the solemnization of a marriage in a registered building which is the usual place of worship of the persons to be married, or of one of them, notwithstanding that the building is not within a registration district in which either of those persons resides.’*

2. In subsection (1) of the said section thirty-five (which Marriage by provides for the marriage of persons in a registered building in c"*"on.y of a district in which neither of them resides where the notice is dSoSnation given by a person professing to belong to a body of Christians) outside the following paragraph shall be substituted for paragraph (a), district of that is to say:— residence.

14 (a) that the persons to be married desire the marriage to be solemnized according to a specified form, rite or ceremony, being a form, rite or ceremony of a body or denomination of Christians or other persons meeting for religious worship to which one of them professes to belong."

3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Marriage Act, 1949 Short title, (Amendment) Act, 1954, and the Marriage Act, 1949 and this Act citation and may be cited together as the Marriage Acts, 1949 and 1954. SenT®11

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-five.

St*mmary Jurisdiction 2 & 3 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

CHAPTER 48

Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) , 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Jurisdiction

Section

1. Application of Act.

2. Application of provisions of Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887.

3. Jurisdiction of inferior courts of summary jurisdiction.

4. Certain crimes not to be tried in inferior courts of summary jurisdiction.

5. Remit to higher court or other jurisdiction.

6. Boundaries of jurisdiction.

7. Summary powers of sheriff.

8. In certain cases sentence of six months* imprisonment competent.

9. Trial of certain offences.

Procedure prior to trial

10. Chief constable may, in certain cases, accept bail.

11. Appeal to High Court against refusal of bail in summary cases.

12. Intimation to solicitor.

13. Forms of procedure.

14. Incidental applications.

15. Complaint.

16. Form of the charge in complaint.

17. Orders of court on complaint.

18. Citation.

19. Apprehension of witness.

20. Warrants of apprehension and search.

21. Adjournment for inquiry, etc.

22. Service of complaints, etc., in and outwith Scotland.

23. Limitation of time for proceedings in statutory offences.

24. Public prosecutor’s power to recover penalties.

25. Offences by companies, etc.

Procedure at trial

26. First diet, objections to complaint and pleas in absence of accused.

27. Amendment of complaint.

28. Plea of guilty.

29. Plea of not guilty.

30. Failure of accused to appear.

31. Previous convictions.

32. Alibi.

33. Punishment of witnesses for contempt.

34. Administration of oath to same witness in cases at same diet.

35. Proof of official documents.

36. Admissions by parties.

37. Judges equally divided.

38. Record.

39. Proceedings written or printed.

Conviction and Sentence Fines

40. Power to mitigate penalties.

41. Provisions as to fines.

42. Time for payment of fine.

43. Payment of fine by instalments.

44. Transfer of jurisdiction as to person fined.

45. Payment of fine in part by prisoner.

Imprisonment, etc.

46. Detention in precincts of court

47. Police custody in lieu of imprisonment

48. Imprisonment in default of payment of fine.

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 48

Section

49. Period of imprisonment for non-payment of fine.

50. Recovery by civil diligence.

51. Caution and bail.

52. Payment of fines.

53. Expenses.

54. Forfeiture of implements.

55. Admonition.

56. Forms of finding and sentence.

57. Further provision as to sentence.

58. Correction of errors.

59. Extract sufficient warrant for imprisonment.

60. Provision for court comprising more than one judge.

61. Conviction of part only of charge.

Review

62. Appeal by stated case.

63. Manner and time of appeal.

64. Caution by appellant.

65. Procedure where appellant in custody.

66. Draft stated case to be prepared.

67. Adjustment, signature and transmission to High Court of case.

68. Abandonment of appeal.

69. Record of procedure in appeal.

70. Computation of time.

71. Hearing of appeal.

72. Consent by prosecutor to setting aside conviction.

73. Convictions not to be quashed on certain grounds.

74. Other modes of appeal.

75. Actions of damages in respect of proceedings under this Act.

76. Acts of Adjournal making rules, etc.

77. Interpretation.

78. Repeals and savings.

79. Short title, commencement and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Provisions of Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887, as applied to Summary Procedure.

Second Schedule—Forms of Procedure.

Third Schedule—Table of Fees.

Fourth Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to summary jurisdiction and procedure in Scotland with corrections and improvements made under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 1949.

[30th July, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Jurisdiction

1.—(1) This Act so far as relating to summary procedure shall apply to summary proceedings in respect of—

(a) any offence which might prior to the passing of this Act, or which may under the provisions of this or any Act, whether passed before or after the passing of this Act, be tried in a summary manner;

294

Ch. 48

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

(6) any offence or the recovery of a penalty under any statute which does not exclude summary procedure;

(c) any order ad factum proe or other order of court or warrant competent to a court of summary jurisdiction;

and shall apply to procedure in all courts of summary jurisdiction in so far as they have jurisdiction in the matters aforesaid.

(2) Where any statute provides for proceedings being taken under the Summary Procedure Act, 1864, the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts, 1864 and 1881, or the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, or under any general or local Police Act, or under any public general or local Act incorporating any section of any Act hereby repealed, or for appeal under the Summary Prosecutions Appeals (Scotland) Act, 1875, such proceedings or appeal shall be taken under this Act

(3) Nothing in this Act shall extend to any information or complaint or other proceeding under or by virtue of any statutory provision for the recovery of any rate, tax, or impost whatsoever, or shall affect any right to sue for a penalty, or to apply for an order of court or other warrant ad factum prctstandum in the Court of Session or sheriff court, but it shall not be competent to sue for penalties in the small debt court

Application of 2. The provisions of sections four to fifteen, sections fifty-pvcwsioia of eight to sixty-five and sections sixty-eight and sixty-nine of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887, shall, as set out with (Scotland) Act. modifications in the First Schedule to this Act, apply to pro-1887. ceedings under this Act

Jurisdiction of 3. The jurisdiction and powers of all courts of summary

except in so for as the same may be altered or jurisdiction^ modified by any future Act shall remain as at the commencement

of this Act and the justice of peace court and justices of the peace, and also any judge of police or burgh magistrate, shall, without prejudice to any other or wider powers conferred by statute, be entitled to exercise within their respective jurisdictions power on convicting of a common law offence—

(a) to award imprisonment for any period not exceeding

sixty days;

(b) to impose a fine not exceeding ten pounds;

(c) to ordain the accused (in lieu of or in addition to such imprisonment or fine) to find caution for good behaviour for any period not exceeding six months and to an amount not exceeding twenty pounds;

(d) foiling payment of such fine or on failure to find such caution, to award imprisonment in accordance with section forty-nine of this Act; provided always that in no case shall the total imprisonment exceed sixty days.

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 48

295

4. A court of summary jurisdiction other than the sheriff Certain crimes court shall not have jurisdiction to try or to pronounce sentence pottobetried in, but shall, to the extent and in the manner mentioned in the next succeeding section, be entitled to take cognizance of, summary

(1) the case of any person found within the jurisdiction of Jurisdiction.

such court, and brought before it accused or suspected of having committed at any place beyond the jurisdiction of such court any offence, or

(2) the case of any person brought before such court accused

or suspected of having committed within the jurisdiction thereof any of the following offences: —

(a) murder, culpable homicide, robbery, rape, wilful fire-raising, or attempt at wilful fire-raising:

(b) stouthrief, theft by housebreaking, or housebreaking with intent to steal:

(c) theft, or reset of theft, to an amount exceeding ten pounds; or theft, or reset of theft, aggravated by two previous convictions of any offence inferring dishonest appropriation of property, or theft by opening lockfost places:

() falsehood fraud and wilful imposition to an amount exceeding ten pounds, or falsehood fraud and wilful imposition aggravated by two previous convictions of any offence inferring dishonest appropriation of property:

(e) breach of trust and embezzlement to an amount exceeding ten pounds, or breach of trust and embezzlement aggravated by two previous convictions of any offence inferring dishonest appropriation of property:

(/) assault whereby any limb has been fractured, or assault with intent to ravish, or assault to the danger of life, or assault by stabbing:

(g) uttering forged documents or uttering forged bank or banker’s notes, or offences under die Acts relating to coinage:

Provided that a person who has been dismissed with an admonition or in whose case a probation order has been made without any sentence having been subsequently pronounced, shall for the purposes of ithis section be deemed not to have been convicted.

5. If either in the preliminary investigation or in the course Remit to of the trial of any offence it shall appear that the offence is one higheroourt which cannot competently be tried in the court before which an accused is brought, or is one which, in the opinion of the J court in view of the circumstances of the case, should be dealt with by a higher court, it shall be lawful for the court to

2%

&*nmary Jurisdiction 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

commit the accused to prison for examination for any period not exceeding four days, and the prosecutor shall forthwith give notice of such committal to the procurator fiscal of the district within which such offence was committed, or to such other official as may be entitled to take cognizance thereof, in order that the accused may be dealt with according to law.

Boundaries of 6.—(1) An offence committed in any harbour, river, arm of

jurisdiction. the sea, or other water (tidal or other) which runs between, or forms the boundary of, the jurisdiction of two or more courts, may be tried by any one of such courts.

(2) An offence committed on the boundary of the jurisdiction of two or more courts, or within the distance of five hundred yards of any such boundary, or partly within the jurisdiction of one court and partly within the jurikliction of another court or courts, may be tried by any one of such courts.

(3) Where an offence is committed on any person or in respect of any property in or upon any carriage, cart, or vehicle employed in a journey by road or railway, or on board any vessel employed in a river, lake, canal, or inland navigation, such offence may be tried by any court through whose jurisdiction such carriage, cart, vehicle, or vessel passed in the course of the journey or voyage during which the offence was committed, and, where the side, bank, centre, or other part of the road, railway, river, lake, canal, or inland navigation along which the carriage, cart, vehicle or vessel passed in the course of such journey or voyage is the boundary of the jurisdiction of two or more courts, such offence may be tried by any one of such courts.

(4) Where several offences, which if committed in one county could be tried under one complaint, are alleged to have been committed in different counties, proceedings may be taken for all or any of those offences under one complaint before the sheriff of any one of such counties.

(5) Where an offence is authorised by this section to be tried by any court, it may be dealt with, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished as if the offence had been wholly committed within the jurisdiction of such oourt.

Summary 7.—(1) The sheriff shall, without prejudice to any other or

powers of wider powers conferred by statute, have power on summarily shen * convicting any person of a common law offence—

(a) to impose a fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds:

(b) to ordain the accused to find caution for good behaviour

for any period not exceeding twelve months and to an amount not exceeding twenty-five pounds, such caution being either in lieu of or in addition to a fine or in addition to imprisonment as hereafter in this section mentioned:

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 48

297

(c) failing payment of such fine, or on failure to find such caution, to award imprisonment in accordance with section forty-nine of tins Act:

() to award imprisonment, for any period not exceeding three months.

(2) The sheriff shall have a concurrent jurisdiction with every other court within his sheriffdom in regard to all offences competent for trial in such courts.

ft. Where a person is summarily convicted by the sheriff of 1" certain

(a) any offence inferring dishonest appropriation

property, or attempt thereat, aggravated by at least imprisonment two previous convictions of any such offence, or competent.

\b) any offence inferring personal violence aggravated by at least two previous convictions of any such offence, he may, without prejudice to any wider powers conferred by statute, be sentenced to imprisonment for any period not exceeding six months.

9.—(1) Any offence described in any statute as a " mis- TrM of certain demeanour " or a " crime and offence " may be tried in the offenc®8' sheriff court either by indictment or summarily, and, if tried summarily, the imprisonment competent on conviction shall, without prejudice to any wider powers conferred by statute, not exceed three months.

(2) For the removal of doubt it is hereby declared that it is competent to prosecute summarily in the sheriff court the crime of uttering a forged document.

10.—(1) Upon the apprehension of any person charged with Chief an offence which may be competently tried before a court of Constable summary jurisdiction other than the sheriff court, it shall be lawful for the chief constable, or other officer of police having 23T* a°°eP charge in the absence of the chief constable at any police office or station, to accept bail or deposit, by a surety or by such person, that such person shall appear for trial before such court, or before the sheriff court, at some time and place to be specified, and at all subsequent diets of court, and to liberate the person so apprehended upon bail being found to an amount not exceeding twenty pounds or upon the deposit of any money or article of value to die amount of the bail fixed.

(2) On acceptance of deposit under the last foregoing subsection the chief constable or other officer of police shall immediately enter the same in a book to be kept for the purpose, and grant an acknowledgment for the money or article so deposited, in which acknowledgment the time and place fixed for the accused’s appearance shall be set forth.

Procedure prior to Trial

K*

298

Ch. 48

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

2 & 3 E2

Appeal to High Court against refusal of bail in summary cases.

(3) The chief constable or other officer of police may refuse, in any such case as aforesaid, if he see cause, to accept bail or deposit; and such refusal, and the detention of the person so apprehended until his case is tried in the usual form, shall not subject the chief constable or other officer of police to any claim for damages, wrongous imprisonment, or claim of any other kind whatsoever.

(4) It shall be lawful to liberate any such person as aforesaid ! without bail, or to discharge him, if the chief constable or other officer deem it proper so to do.

(5) If any person fails to appear in redemption of his bail or deposit under this section, it may be forfeited and warrant may be granted for his apprehension.

11.—(1) Where an application for bail by a person charged with an offence on complaint under this Act is refused or where the applicant is dissatisfied with the amount of bail fixed, he may appeal to the High Court and that Court may in its discretion order intimation to the prosecutor, and where an application for bail by any such person is granted, the prosecutor, if dissatisfied with the granting of bail or with the amount fixed, may appeal in like manner and, subject as hereinafter provided, the applicant shall in such case not be liberated before such appeal is disposed of.

(2) Notice in writing shall be immediately given by the party appealing under this section to the other party.

(3) An appeal under this section shall be disposed of by the High Court or any Lord Commissioner of Justiciary in court or in chambers after such inquiry and hearing of the parties as shall seem just.

(4) When an appeal is taken by the prosecutor under this section either against the grant of bail or against the amount fixed, the applicant to whom bail has been granted, shall, if the bail fixed shall have been found by him, be liberated after seventy-two hours, or where the place of application is in the Outer Hebrides or in Orkney or Zetland, ninety-six hours, from the granting of the application, whether the appeal be disposed of or not, unless the High Court shall grant order for his further detention in custody. In computing the aforesaid periods, Sundays and public holidays whether general or court holidays shall be excluded.

(5) Notice by telegraph to the governor of the prison of the issue under the last foregoing subsection of an order within die time aforesaid bearing to be sent by the Clerk of Justiciary or the Crown Agent or, if the complaint is brought in a court other than the sheriff court, by the prosecutor shall be sufficient warrant for the detention of the applicant pending the arrival of the order in due course of post.

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 48

299

1954

(6) Where an appeal under this section by the prosecutor is refused, the High Court may award expenses against him, but no court or other fees shall be exigible from, and no expenses shall be awarded against, an applicant in respect of his application or of any appeal therein.

12. In any proceedings under this Act the accused, if appre- to

bended, shall immediately on apprehension be entitled, if he so solicitor, desires, to have intimation sent to a solicitor, and to have a

private interview with such solicitor prior to being brought before the court.

13. —(1) The forms of procedure under this Act shall be in Forms of accordance as nearly as may be with the forms contained in pTOOedure’ the Second Schedule to this Act.

(2) Warrants of apprehension and search shall be signed by the judge granting the same, but all other warrants, orders of court, and sentences may be signed either by the judge or by the clerk of court, and execution upon any warrant, order of court, or sentence may proceed either upon such warrant, order of court, or sentence itself or upon an extract thereof issued and signed by the clerk of court.

(3) Where, as preliminary to any procedure, a sworn information is required, such information may be sworn to before any judge, whether the subsequent procedure be in his court or another court

14. Where prior to the presentation of a complaint it is incidental necessary to apply to a court for any warrant or order of court applications, as incidental to subsequent proceedings by complaint or where

a court has power to grant any warrant or order of court although no subsequent proceedings by complaint may follow thereon, such application may be by petition at the instance of a prosecutor in the form, as nearly as may be, of the form contained in Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act, and, where necessary for the execution of any such warrant or order of court, warrant to break open lockfast places shall be implied.

15. —(1) All proceedings under this Act for the trial of Complaint, offences or recovery of penalties shall be instituted by complaint

in the form as nearly as may be of the form contained in Part II of the Second Schedule to this Act.

(2) Such complaint shall be signed by the prosecutor or by any solicitor on behalf of a prosecutor other than the public prosecutor of a court.

(3) A solicitor may appear for and conduct any prosecution on behalf of a prosecutor other than the public prosecutor of a court.

300

Ch. 48

Summary Jurisdiction

(iScotland) , 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Form of the charge in complaint.

(4) A complaint at the instance of a private prosecutor for an offence at common law or for a statutory offence where imprisonment without the option of a fine is competent shall, unless otherwise provided in any statute, require the concurrence of the public prosecutor of the court in which the complaint is brought.

(5) Where a complaint includes any statutory charge a notice in the form, as nearly as may be, of Form No. 1 of Part m of the Second Schedule to this Act shall be served on the accused with the complaint when he is cited to a diet, and where he is in custody the complaint and such a notice shall be served on him before he is asked to plead, and a copy of any notice so served shall, where the judge is satisfied that the charge is proved, be laid before him by the prosecutor, and shall be entered in the record of the proceedings.

16. The charge in a complaint under this Act shall be stated in the form, as nearly as may be, of the appropriate form contained in Part II of (the Second Schedule to this Act. No further specification shall be required than a specification similar to that given in that form and—

(a) the description of any offence in the words of the statute or order contravened, or in similar words, shall be sufficient;

(b) the statement that an act was done contrary to a statute or order shall imply a statement that the statute or order applied to the circumstances existing at the time and place of the offence, that the accused was a person bound to observe the same, that any necessary preliminary procedure had been duly gone through, and that all the circumstances necessary to a contravention existed; in the case of the contravention of an order, such statement shall imply a statement that the order was duly made, confirmed, published, and generally made effectual according to the law applicable, and was in force at the time and place in question;

(c) where the offence is created by more than one section

of one or more statutes or orders, it shall be necessary to specify only the leading section or one of the leading sections;

() any exception, exemption, proviso, excuse, or qualifica-

tion, whether it does or does not accompany in the same section the description of the offence in the statute or order creating the offence, may be proved by the accused, but need not be specified or negatived in the complaint, and no proof in relation to such exception, exemption, proviso, excuse, or qualification shall be required on behalf of the prosecution;

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(,Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 48

301

(e) it shall be competent to include in one complaint both common law and statutory charges;

(/> where an offence is alleged to be committed in any special capacity, as by the holder of a licence, master of a vessel, occupier of a house, or the like, the fact that the accused possesses the qualification necessary to the commission of the offence shall, unless challenged by preliminary objection before his plea is recorded, be held as admitted;

(g) in any proceedings under the Merchant Shipping Acts

it shall not be necessary to produce the official register of the ship referred to in the proceedings in order to prove the nationality of the ship, but the nationality of the ship as stated in the complaint shall, in the absence of evidence to the contrary, be presumed;

(h) in offences inferring dishonest appropriation of property

brought before a court whose power to deal with such offences is limited to cases in which the value of such property does not exceed ten pounds, it shall be assumed, and it shall not be necessary to state in the charge, that the value of the property does not exceed that sum.

17.—(1) On any complaint under this Act being laid before Orders of court a judge of the court in which the complaint is brought, he 011 complaint, shall have power on the motion of the prosecutor—

(a) to pronounce an order of court assigning a diet for

the disposal of the case to which the accused may be cited as after mentioned:

(b) to grant warrant to apprehend the accused where this

appears to the judge expedient:

(c) to grant warrant to search the person, dwelling-house,

and repositories of the accused and any place where he may be found for any documents, articles, or property likely to afford evidence of his guilt of, or guilty participation in, any offence charged in the complaint, and to take possession of such documents, articles or property:

() to grant any other order of court or warrant or interim

order of court or warrant which may be competent in the circumstances.

(2) The power under the last foregoing subsection to grant a warrant to apprehend the accused shall be exercisable notwithstanding that there is power whether at common law or under any Act to apprehend him without a warrant

302

Ch. 48

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Citation.

(3) Where a diet has been fixed in a summary prosecution, it shall be competent for the court, on a joint application in writing by the parties or their solicitors, to discharge the diet so fixed and fix in lieu thereof an earlier or a later diet.

18.—(1) This Act shall be a sufficient warrant for the citation of the accused and witnesses in a summary prosecution to any ordinary sitting of the court or to any special diet fixed by the court or any adjournment thereof.

(2) Such citation shall be in the form, as nearly as may be, of the appropriate form contained in Part IV of the Second Schedule to this Act, and shall b the case of the accused proceed on an induciae of at least forty-eight hours unless in die special circumstances of the case the court fixes a shorter induciae.

(3) It shall be deemed a legal citation of the accused or a witness—

(a) if the citation be delivered to him personally or left for him at his dwelling-house or place of business with some person resident or employed therein, or where he has no known dwelling-house or place of business, at any other place in which he may, at the time being, be resident, or

(b) where the accused or witness is the master of, or a seaman or person employed in, a vessel, if the citation is left with a person on board thereof and connected therewith, or

(c) where the accused is a company, association or corpora-

tion, if the citation is left at their ordinary place of business with a partner, director, secretary or other official, or if the company, association or corporation is cited in the same manner as if the proceedings were in a civil court, or

() where the accused is a body of trustees, if the citation is

left with any one of them who is resident in Scotland or with their known solicitor in Scodand.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this section as to the citation of witnesses shall apply to the citation of witnesses for precognition by the procurator fiscal or burgh prosecutor where a judge on the application of such procurator fiscal or burgh prosecutor shall deem it expedient to grant warrant to cite witnesses for precognition in regard to any offence which may be competently tried in the court of that judge, and whether or not any person has at the time of such application been charged with such offence.

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 48

303

19. Where a witness after being duly dted fails to appear at Apprehension the diet fixed for his attendance and no just excuse is offered on of witness, his behalf, the court may issue a warrant for his apprehension;

or the court, if satisfied by evidence on oath that a witness is not likely to attend to give evidence without being compelled so to do, may issue a warrant for his apprehension in the first instance.

20. —(1) A warrant of apprehension or search may be in warrants of the form, as nearly as may be, of the appropriate form contained apprehension in Part IV of the Second Schedule to this Act, and any such and search, warrant shall, where it is necessary for its execution, imply

warrant to officers of law to break open shut and lockfast places.

(2) A warrant of apprehension of an accused person in such form as aforesaid shall imply warrant to officers of law to search for and to apprehend the accused, and to bring him before the court issuing the warrant, or before any other court competent to deal with the case, to answer to the charge on which such warrant is granted, and, in the meantime, until he can be so brought, to detain him in a police station house, police cell, or other convenient place.

(3) A person apprehended under any such warrant as aforesaid or by virtue of the powers possessed at common law, or conferred by statute, shall wherever practicable be brought before a court competent to deal with the case either by way of trial or by way of remit to another court not later than in the course of the first lawful day after such person shall be taken into custody, such day not being a public or local holiday.

(4) A warrant of apprehension or other warrant shall not be required for the purpose of bringing before the court an accused person who has been apprehended without a written warrant or who attends without apprehension in answer to any charge made against him.

(5) A warrant of apprehension of a witness in the appropriate form shall imply warrant to officers of law to search for and apprehend the witness, and to detain him in a police station house, police cell, or other convenient place, until the date fixed for the hearing of the case, unless sufficient security be found to the amount fixed in the warrant for the appearance of such witness at all diets of court.

21. A court of summary jurisdiction, in order to allow time for Adjoummmt inquiry into any case, or for any other necessary cause, and for inquiry, without calling on the accused to plead to any charge againstctc-

him, may from time to time continue the case for such reasonable time as may in the circumstances be necessary, not exceeding in all a period of seven days, or on special cause shown fourteen

304

Ch. 48

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) Act, 1954

2&3ELZZ.2

Service of complaints, etc., in and outwith Scotland

Limitation of time for proceedings in statutory offences.

Public prosecutor's power to recover penalties.

Offences by companies, etc.

days, from the date of the apprehension of the accused, and may liberate him on bail or commit him to prison, either without bail or with bail to an amount fixed by the court:

Provided that no judge shall be entitled to allow bail in a case which he is not competent to try.

22. Any complaint, warrant, or other proceeding under this Act may without endorsation be served or executed at any place within Scotland by any officer of law. and such service or execution may be proved either by the oath in court of such officer or by production of his written execution. Service or execution out of Scotland shall be regulated by the Indictable Offences Act, 1848, the Indictable Offences Act Amendment Act. 1868, and die Summary Jurisdiction (Process) Act. 1881, and any warrant, order of court, or process to which those Acts apply may, if duly endorsed with a view to service or execution in Scodand, be so served or executed by any officer of law. The Indictable Offences Act, 1848, and the Indictable Offences Act Amendment Act, 1868, shall, for the purposes of this Act, apply to all offences which may be tried by the court issuing any competent warrant, order of court, or other process.

23. —(1) Proceedings under this Act in respect of the contravention of any statute or order shall, unless the statute or order under which the proceedings are brought fixes any other period, be commenced within six months after the contravention occurred, and, in the case of a continuous contravention, within six months after the last date of such contravention, and it shall be competent in such case in any prosecution to include the entire period during which the contravention has occurred.

(2) For the purposes of this section proceedings shall be deemed to be commenced on the date on which a warrant io apprehend or to cite the accused is granted, if such warrant it executed without undue delay.

24. —(1) All penalties, for the recovery of which in Scotland no special provision has been made by statute or order, may be recovered by the public prosecutor in any court having jurisdiction.

(2) Where a court has power to take cognisance of an offence the penalty attached to which is not defined, the punishment therefor shall be regulated by that applicable to common law offences in that court.

25. With regard to the summary prosecution of offences committed by a company, association, incorporation, or body of trustees, the following provisions shall, without prejudice to any other or wider powers conferred by statute, apply:—

(a) proceedings may be taken against the company, association, incorporation, or body of trustees, in their cor-

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 48

305

porate capacity, and in that event any penalty imposed shall be recovered by civil diligence in manner hereinafter provided; or

(b) proceedings may be taken against an individual representative of such company, association, or incorporation, as follows; —

(i) in the case of an ordinary company or firm, any one of the partners thereof, or the manager or the person in charge or locally in charge of the affairs thereof, may be dealt with as if he was the person offending;

(ii) in the case of an association, incorporation, or incorporated company, the managing director or the secretary, or other principal officer thereof, or the person in charge, or locally in charge, of the affairs thereof, may be dealt with as if he was the person offending;

(iii) the offence shall be deemed to be the offence of such company, association, or incorporation, and a conviction thereof may be libelled as an aggravation of any subsequent offence of the same nature by the same company, association, or incorporation, although the individuals charged and convicted are different.

Procedure at Trial

26,—(1) Where the accused is present at the first calling of the case in a summary prosecution, and

(a) the conqplaint has been served on him, or

(b) the complaint or the substance thereof has been read to him, or

(c) he has legal assistance in his defence

he shall be asked to plead in common form, and he may, prior to pleading, state objections to the competency or relevancy of the complaint or the proceedings and no such objections shall be allowed to be stated at any future diet in the case except with the leave of the court, which may be granted only on cause shown.

(2) Objections to the competency or relevancy of a summary complaint or the proceedings thereon may, in the absence of the accused, be stated by counsel or by a solicitor on his behalf, and where such objections are so stated the provisions of this Act shall apply in like manner as if the accused had appeared and stated the objections.

First diet, objections to complaint and pleas in absence of accused.

306

Ch. 48

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(3) Where the accused is not present at a calling of the case in a summary prosecution and either

(a) the prosecutor produces to the court written intimation

that the accused pleads not guilty or pleads guilty and the court is satisfied that such written intimation has been made or authorised by the accused, or

(b) a solicitor, or a person not being a solicitor who satisfies

the court that he is authorised by the accused, appears on behalf of the accused and tenders a plea of not guilty or a plea of guilty,

then

(i) in the case of a plea of not guilty, the provisions of this

Act except paragraph (a) of section twenty-nine shaD apply in like manner as if the accused had appeared and tendered the plea, and

(ii) in the case of a plea of guilty, the court may, if the prosecutor accepts the plea, proceed to hear and dispose of the case in the absence of the accused in like manner as if he had appeared and pled guilty, or may, if it thinks fit, continue the case to another diet and require the attendance of the accused with a view to pronouncing sentence in his presence.

(4) Where in pursuance of paragraph (ii) of the last foregoing subsection the court proceeds to hear and dispose of a case in the absence of the accused, it shall not pronounce a sentence of imprisonment or of Borstal training or of detention in a detention centre, remand centre, approved school or remand home.

(5) In this section a reference to a plea of guilty shall include a reference to a plea of guilty to a part only of the charge:

Provided that where such a plea is not accepted by the prosecutor it shall be deemed to be a plea of not guilty.

(6) It shall not be competent for any person appearing to answer a complaint or for a solicitor appearing for the accused in his absence to plead want of due citation or informality therein or in the execution thereof.

Amendment of 27.—(1) It shall be competent at any time prior to the complaint. determination of a summary prosecution unless the court sees just cause to the contrary to amend the complaint or any notice of penalty or previous conviction relative thereto by deletion, alteration or addition, so as to cure any error or defect therein or to meet any objection thereto, or to cure any discrepancy or variance between the complaint or notice and the evidence.

(2) Nothing in this section shall authorise an amendment which changes the character of the offence charged, and if the court shall be of opinion that the accused may in any way be

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 48

307

prejudiced in his defence on the merits of the case by any amendment made under this section, the court shall grant such remedy to the accused by adjournment or otherwise as it shall think just.

(3) An amendment made under this section shall be sufficiently authenticated by the initials of the clerk of court.

28. Where the accused in a summary prosecution pleads guilty p,ea of gnflty. to the charge or to any part thereof, and his plea is accepted by

the prosecutor, the plea shall be recorded and signed by the judge or clerk of court, and the court shall thereafter dispose of the case at the same or any adjourned diet. The plea and sentence may be combined, in which case one signature shall be sufficient to authenticate both.

29. Where the accused in a summary prosecution pleads not Plea of not guilty to the charge or guilty to part only thereof, and the prosecutor does not accept such partial plea, the following provisions shall apply: —

(a) the court may proceed to trial at once unless either party moves for an adjournment and the court shall adjudge it expedient to grant it; or

(b) the court may adjourn the case for trial to as early a diet as is consistent with the just interests of both parties, in Which case the prosecutor shall, if requested by the accused, furnish him with a copy of the complaint if he has not already got one;

(c) where the accused is brought before the court by apprehension he shall be entitled to an adjournment of the case for not less than forty-eight hours, if the request for such adjournment is made before the prosecutor has commenced his proof, and the court shall inform the accused of his right to such adjournment:

Provided that the case may proceed to trial at once or on a shorter adjournment than forty-eight hours if the court considers this is necessary to secure the examination of witnesses who otherwise would not be available;

() where the accused is in custody, he may be committed to prison or to legalised police cells or to any other place to which he may lawfully be committed pending trial either without bail or until he finds sufficient bail to appear at such adjourned diet and at all future diets of the case, and the amount of such bail shall be fixed in the minute of adjournment; or

308 Ch. 48 Summary Jurisdiction 2 & 3 Eliz. 2 (Scotland) , 1954 ie) the court may in any case where it shall judge it expedient, and whether or not the accused is in custody, instead of fixing bail as aforesaid, appoint the accused to attend at such adjourned diet under a penalty, not exceeding ten pounds, in case he shall fail to appear; if) the court may from time to time, and at any stage of the case, on the motion of either party, or ex proprio motu, grant such adjournments as may be necessary for the proper conduct of the case, and where from any cause a diet has to be continued from day to day it shall not be necessary to intimate such continuation to the accused: ig) it shall not be necessary for the prosecutor to establish a charge or part of a charge to which the accused pleads guilty: ih) the court may, in any case where it considers such a course expedient, permit any witness for the defence to be examined prior to evidence for the prosecution having been led or concluded, but in any such case the accused shall be entitled to lead additional evidence after the case for the prosecution is closed.

Failure of accused to appear. 30. Where the accused in a summary prosecution fails to appear at any diet of which he has received intimation, or to which he has been cited, the following provisions shall apply:— (a) the court may adjourn the trial to another diet, and order the accused to attend at such diet, and appoint intimation thereof to be made to him, which intimation shall be sufficiently given by an officer of law, or by registered letter signed by the prosecutor and sent by post to the accused at his last known address, and the production in court of the written execution of such officer or of the post office receipt for such registered letter shall be sufficient evidence of such intimation having been duly given; (б) where the accused is charged with any statutory offence for which a sentence of imprisonment cannot be imposed in the first instance, or where the statute founded on or conferring jurisdiction authorises procedure in the absence of the accused, the court may, on the motion of the prosecutor and upon proof that the accused has been duly cited, or has received due intimation of the diet where such intimation has been ordered, proceed to hear and dispose of the case in the absence of the accused. Unless the statute founded on authorises conviction in default of appearance, proof of the complaint must be led to the satisfaction of the

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 48

309

court. The court in any case to which this paragraph applies may, if it shall judge it expedient, allow any solicitor who satisfies the court that he has authority from the accused so to do, to appear and plead for and defend him;

(c) the court may grant warrant to apprehend the accused;

(d) the court may, on the motion of the prosecutor, forfeit any 'bail deposited or found for the appearance of the accused, or. where the accused has been ordered to attend under a penalty, may declare such penalty to be forfeited, and such bail or penalty may, where necessary, be recovered in the manner provided in section fifty-one of this Act, and in addition to such forfeiture the court may grant warrant to apprehend the accused.

31.—(1) Where the accused in a summary prosecution has Previous been previously convicted of any offence forming an aggravation convictions of any offence libelled in the complaint the following provisions shall have effect; —

(a) a notice in the form, as nearly as may be, of Form No. 2 or Form No. 3 of Part III of the Second Schedule to this Act setting forth the previous conviction shall be served on the accused with the complaint where he is cited to a diet and where he is in custody, the complaint and such a notice shall be served on Iran before he is asked to plead;

(b) the previous conviction shall not be laid before the judge until he is satisfied that the charge is proved;

(c) if a plea of guilty is tendered or if. after a plea of not guilty, the accused is convicted the prosecutor shall lay the notice referred to in paragraph (a) of this subsection before the judge, and the judge or the clerk of court shall ask the accused whether he admits the previous conviction, and if such admission is made it shall be entered in the record of the proceedings;

(d) it shall not be necessary for the prosecutor to produce extracts of any previous convictions so admitted;

ie) where the accused does not admit any such previous

conviction, the prosecutor unless he withdraws the conviction shall adduce evidence in proof thereof either then or at any other diet;

if) a copy of any notice served on the accused under this

subsection shall be entered in the record of the proceedings.

310 Ch. 48 Su^hary Jurisdiction 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotian/) Act, 1954

(2) A conviction, or an extract conviction of any offence committed in any part of the United Kingdom, bearing to be under the hand of the officer in use to give out such extract conviction, shall be received in evidence without being sworn to by witnesses. An official of any prison in which the accused may have been confined on such conviction shall be a competent and sufficient witness to prove the application thereof to the accused, although such official may not have been present in court at the trial to which such conviction relates. This provision shall be without prejudice to any other competent mode of proving a conviction and the application thereof to the accused.

(3) Where in any court a book of record is kept of the convictions in the court containing the like particulars as are inserted in an extract conviction, and where at the end of each day’s proceedings the entries in such book are certified as correct by the judge or clerk of court, such entries shall, in any proceeding in that court, be accepted as evidence of such convictions.

(4) Where the accused in a summary prosecution is convicted of any offence and also of any aggravation by previous conviction, and is again accused of any offence in regard to which such conviction may be competently used as an aggravation, the production of the prior conviction, or an extract thereof, setting forth the particulars of the previous convictions therein libelled, shall be admissible and sufficient evidence to prove against the accused all the previous convictions and aggravations therein set forth.

(5) A previous conviction of an offence under any statute or order may be libelled as an aggravation in any subsequent charge for the same kind of offence or any analogous offence, and a conviction in any part of the United Kingdom of any offence inferring dishonesty may be libelled as an aggravation of any offence inferring dishonest appropriation of property or attempt thereat, and a conviction of any offence inferring disorderly conduct or a breach of public order may be libelled as an aggravation of any other offence inferring disorderly conduct or a breach of public order.

(6) Nothing in this section shall prevent evidence of previous convictions being led in causa where such evidence is competent in support of a substantive charge.

Alibi. 32. It shall not be competent for the accused in a summary

prosecution to found on a plea of alibi, unless he gives, prior to the examination of the first witness for the prosecution, notice to die prosecutor, of the plea with particulars as to time and place and of the witnesses by whom it is proposed to prove it The prosecutor, on such notice being given, shall be entided, if he so desires, to an adjournment of the case.

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 48

311

33. —(1) If a witness in a summary prosecution shall wilfully Punishment of fail to attend after being duly cited, or unlawfully refuse to be witnesses for sworn, or after the oath has been administered to him refuse contempt.

to answer any question which the court may allow, or to produce documents in his possession when required by the court, or shall prevaricate in his evidence, he shall be deemed guilty of contempt of court and be liable to be summarily punished forthwith for such contempt by a fine not exceeding three pounds or by imprisonment for any period not exceeding twenty days.

(2) Where such punishment as aforesaid is summarily imposed, the clerk of court shall enter in the record of the proceedings the act or acts constituting the contempt or the statements forming the prevarication.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall be without prejudice to the prosecutor proceeding by way of formal complaint for any such contempt where such summary punishment, as above mentioned, is not imposed.

(4) Any witness who, after being duly cited in accordance with section eighteen of this Act,

(a) fails, without reasonable excuse, after receiving at least twenty-four hours* notice, to attend for precognition by a procurator fiscal or burgh prosecutor at the time and place mentioned in the citation served on him, or

(b) refuses when so cited to give information within his knowledge regarding any matter relative to the commission of the offence in relation to which such precognition is taken, shall be liable to the like punishment as is provided in the foregoing provisions of this section.

34. Where a witness in a summary prosecution is examined on Administration oath in a case in which the accused is charged with an offence of oath to same under any statute, and where the same witness is examined at

the same diet in subsequent cases against the same or different a< persons accused of offences under the same statute, it shall not be necessary for the judge to administer the oath to the witness in the subsequent cases, but it shall be sufficient that the judge shall remind him in each case that he is still on oath.

35. —(1) Any letter, minute, or other official document issuing Proof of from the office or in the custody of any of the departments of official state or government in the United Kingdom the production of documents-which in evidence is required in any summary prosecution, and

which according to the rules and regulations applicable to such departments may be competently produced, shall, when produced, be received as prima facie evidence of the matters contained in it without being produced or sworn to by any witness, and a copy thereof bearing to be certified by any person having

312 Ch. 48 Summary Jurisdiction 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scot) , 1954

authority to certify the same shall be treated as equivalent to the original, and no proof of the signature of the person certifying such copy, or of his authority to certify it, shall be necessary.

(2) Any order by any of the departments of state or government or any local authority or public body made under powers conferred by any statute, or a print or copy of such order, shall when produced in a summary prosecution be received in evidence of the due making, confirmation, and existence of such order without being sworn to by any witness and without any further or other proof, but without prejudice to any right competent to the accused to challenge any such order as being ultra vires of the authority making it or on any other competent ground, and where any such order is referred to in the complaint it shall not be necessary to enter it in the record of the proceedings as a documentary production.

(3) The provisions contained in this section shall be deemed to be in addition to, and not in derogation of, any powers of proving documents conferred by statute, or existing at common law.

Admissions by 36.—(1) It shall not be necessary in any summary prosecution,

parties. for either party to lead proof of any fact which is admitted by the opposite party, or to prove any documents the terms and application of which are not in dispute, and copies of any documents may, by agreement of the parties, be accepted as equivalent to the originals:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply unless the accused has legal assistance in his defence.

(2) Admissions or agreements under the last foregoing subsection may be made by lodging with the clerk of court a minute signed by the person or persons making the same or by his or their counsel or solicitor, and any facts and documents so admitted or agreed shall be accepted as if they had been duly proved.

Judges equally 37. In a summary prosecution in a court consisting of more divided. than one judge, if the judges are equally divided in opinion as to the guilt of the accused, the accused shall be found not guilty of the charge or part thereof on which such division of opinion exists.

Record. 38. Proceedings in a summary prosecution shall be conducted

summarily viva voce, and, except where otherwise provided, no record need be kept of the proceedings other than the complaint, the plea, a note of any documentaiy evidence produced, and the conviction and sentence or other finding of the court:

Provided that any objections taken to the competency or relevancy of the complaint or proceedings, or to the competency

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 48

313

or admissibility of evidence* shall, if either party desires it, be entered in the record of the proceedings.

39. Proceedings in a summary prosecution may be either in Proceedings writing or printed, or may be partly written and partly printed, ^7^ 01 and all forms bearing reference to any antecedent form may be pnnted* either on the same sheet of paper therewith or on a separate sheet attached to it.

40. In a summary prosecution for the contravention of any Power to statute or order, where such contravention involves any of the mitigate following punishments, viz., imprisonment, the imposition of a penalties, fine, the finding of caution for good behaviour or otherwise, either singly or in combination with imprisonment or fine, the

court shall have in addition to any other powers conferred by Act of Parliament the following powers, viz.: —

(a) to reduce the period of imprisonment:

(b) to substitute a fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds for

imprisonment, either with or without caution for good behaviour, not exceeding the amount and the period competent under this Act :

(c) to substitute the finding of caution as provided for in

this Act for a fine or imprisonment:

(d) to reduce the amount of any fine:

(e) to dispense with the finding of caution:

Provided that,

(i) where any Act carries into effect a treaty, convention, or

agreement with a foreign state, and such treaty, convention, or agreement stipulates for a fine of minimum amount the court shall not be entitled by virtue of this section to reduce the amount of such fine below that minimum amount;

(ii) this section shall not apply to proceedings taken under any Act relating to any of Her Majesty’s regular or auxiliary forces.

41. —(1) A court of summary jurisdiction in determining the Provisions as amount of any fine to be imposed on an offender shall take to fines, into consideration, amongst other things, the means of the offender so far as known to the court.

(2) Where a court of summary jurisdiction imposes a fine on an offender, the court may order him to be searched, and any

Conviction and Sentence Fines

314 Ch. 48 Summary Jurisdiction 2 & 3 . 2

(Scotland) , 1954

money found on him on apprehension or when so searched or when taken to prison or to a detention centre in default of payment of the fine, may, unless the court otherwise directs, be applied towards payment of the fine, and the surplus if any shall be returned to him:

Provided that the money shall not be so applied if the court is satisfied that it does not belong to the person on whom it was found or that the loss of the money will be more injurious to his family than his imprisonment or detention.

Time for 42.—(1) A court of summary jurisdiction may allow time for

mcot of the payment of any fine imposed by it on an offender or

* for the finding of caution by an offender, and shall allow time for

payment of such fine, unless it is satisfied that the offender is possessed of sufficient means to enable him to pay the fine forthwith, or unless, on being asked by the court, whether he desires that time should be allowed for payment, he does not express any such desire or fails to satisfy the court that he has a fixed residence or unless the court is satisfied, for any other special reason, that no time should be allowed.

(2) Where an offender on whom a fine has been imposed by a court of summary jurisdiction desires to be allowed time for payment, the court, in deciding what time shall be allowed shall consider any representation by the offender and the time allowed shall not be less than seven clear days:

Provided that, if before the expiration of the time allowed the offender surrenders himself to the court and states that he prefers immediate imprisonment to awaiting the expiration of the time allowed, the court may authorise the clerk of court to issue forthwith an extract of the finding and sentence in the form, as nearly as may be, of the appropriate form contained in Part V of the Second Schedule to this Act.

(3) Where an offender allowed time for payment as aforesaid appears to the court to be not less than sixteen and not more than twenty-one years of age, the court may, if it thinks fit and subject to any rules made under this Act, order that the offender be placed under the supervision of such person as may be appointed by the court until the fine is paid, and in any such case, the clerk of court, before issuing an extract of the finding and sentence, shall again lay the complaint before the court and the court shall consider any report as to the conduct and means of the offender which may be made by the person under whose supervision the offender has been placed.

t^»

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 48

315

(4) Where time is not allowed for payment of a fine imposed by a court of summary jurisdiction the reasons of the court shall be stated in the finding and sentence.

(5) Where time has been allowed for payment of a fine imposed by a court of summary jurisdiction, the court may, subject to any rules made under this Act, on an application by or on behalf of the offender, and after giving the prosecutor an opportunity of being heard, allow further time for payment.

43. —(1) Where a court of summary jurisdiction imposes a fine Payment of on a person convicted of an offence, the court may, either at by the same or at any subsequent time, order payment of the fine ,nsta™,rti. by instalments of such amounts, and at such times, as it may

think fit, and where any instalment is not paid by the time so ordered, the accused shall be liable to imprisonment for such period as bears to the period appropriate to the total amount of the fine the same proportion, as nearly as may be, as the sum of the unpaid instalments bears to that amount In this subsection the expression "period appropriate to the total amount of the fine " means the period specified by the court in default of payment of the fine. or. if no such period is specified, the maximum period applicable to a fine of that amount in pursuance of section forty-nine of this Act.

(2) In the application of section forty-five of this Act to any person imprisoned in default of payment of any instalment of a fine, the sum of the unpaid instalments shall be deemed to be the fine.

44. —(1) Where a court of summary jurisdiction has imposed a fine on a person convicted of an offence and it appears to the

court that he is resident in a place outside the jurisdiction of the fined.pa,° court and within the jurisdiction of some other court of summary jurisdiction, the first-mentioned court may, if it appears in the circumstances expedient to do so, make with respect to such fine an order for the purposes of this section (hereinafter referred to as a " transfer of fine order ").

(2) A transfer of fine order shall specify the court within whose jurisdiction the accused is resident, and shall be in such form as may be prescribed by Act of Adjournal.

(3) A transfer of fine order shall not be made except on the application of the person on whom the fine was imposed, and any such application may be made either in open court by that person or by a solicitor or a person, not being a. solicitor, who satisfies the court that he is authorised by the accused so to do, or in writing addressed to the clerk of the court.

316

Ch. 48

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Payment of fine in part by prisoner.

Detention in precincts of court.

(4) As from the date on which a transfer of fine order is made with respect to any fine, all functions in relation thereto which, if the order had not been made, would have been exercisable under any enactment (including this Act) by the court which imposed die fine or by the clerk of such court shall be exercisable by the court specified in the order or by the clerk thereof, as the case may be, and not otherwise:

Provided that any payment received by virtue of a transfer of fine order by the clerk of the court specified therein shall be forthwith transmitted by him to the clerk of the court which imposed the fine.

(5) Where it appears to the court specified in a transfer of fine order that the person on whom the fine was imposed is resident in a place outside the jurisdiction of such court and within the jurisdiction of some other court of summary jurisdiction, the court so specified may make a further transfer of fine order with respect to such fine and shall cause a copy thereof to be sent to the clerk of the court which imposed the fine.

(6) The court to be specified in a transfer of fine order shall, in any case where the fine was imposed by the sheriff court, be a sheriff court.

45.—(1) Where a person committed to prison for failure to pay a fine imposed by a court of summary jurisdiction pays to the governor of the prison under conditions prescribed by rules made under the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952, any sum in part satisfaction of the fine, the term of imprisonment shall be reduced by a number of days bearing as nearly as possible the same proportion to the total number of days for which the prisoner is sentenced as the sum so paid bears to the total amount of the fine.

(2) In this section references to a prison and to the governor thereof shall include respectively references to legalised police cells, and to an officer in charge thereof.

(3) Provision may be made by Act of Adjournal for the application of sums paid under this section and for any matter incidental thereto.

Imprisonment, etc.

46. Where a court of summary jurisdiction has power to impose imprisonment on an offender it may, in lieu of so doing, order that the offender be detained within the precincts of the court or at any police station, till such hour, not later than eight in the evening on the day on which he is convicted, as the court may direct :

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 48

317

Provided that before making an order under this section a court shall take into consideration the distance between the proposed place of detention and the offender's residence (if known to, or ascertainable by, the court), and shall not make any such order under this section as would deprive the offender of a reasonable opportunity of returning to his residence on the day on which the order is made.

47^—<1) No person shall be sentenced to imprisonment by a court of summary jurisdiction for a period of less than five days.

(2) Where a court of summary jurisdiction has power to impose imprisonment on an offender, it may, if any suitable place provided and certified as hereinafter mentioned is available for the purpose, sentence the offender to be detained therein, for such period not exceeding four days as the court thinks fit, and an extract of the finding and sentence shall be delivered with the offender to the person in charge of the place where the offender is to be detained and shall be a sufficient authority for his detention in that place in accordance with the sentence.

(3) The expenses of the maintenance of offenders detained under this section shall be defrayed in like manner as the expenses of the maintenance of prisoners under the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952.

(4) The Secretary of State may, on the application of any police authority, certify any police cells, or other similar places provided by the authority to be suitable places for the detention of persons sentenced to detention under this section, and may by statutory instrument make regulations for the inspection of places so provided, the treatment of persons detained therein aod generally for carrying this section into effect.

(5) No place certified under this section shall be used for the detention of females unless provision is made for their supervision by female officers.

(6) In this section the expression " police authority " means the council of a county or of a burgh which maintains a separate police force or in the case of a county or burgh included in the area for which there is an amalgamation scheme under the Police (Scotland) Act, 1946, in force, the joint police committee. 48

48. Where the accused in a summary prosecution is found liable in any fine the court may, whether the statute or order under which the fine is imposed does or does not provide any method for the recovery thereof, adjudge the accused to be imprisoned in the event of failure to pay the fine, but such imprisonment shall not exceed the maximum period applicable to the fine in pursuance of section forty-nine of this Act.

Police custody in lieu of imprisonment.

Imprisonment in default of payment of tine.

318

Period of

imprisonment

for

non-payment of fine.

Recovery by civil diligence,

Ch. 48 Summary Jurisdiction 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

49.—(1) The m&Ximum period of imprisonment that may be imposed in default of payment of any sum imposed by a court of summary jurisdiction as a fine or for failure to find caution shall be as follows:—

Amount of sum imposed Period of imprisonment

Not exceeding five shillings

Exceeding five shillings but not

exceeding one pound

Exceeding one but not exceeding

three pounds

Exceeding three but not exceeding

five pounds

Exceeding five but not exceeding

twenty pounds

Exceeding twenty pounds

Five days

Ten days

Twenty days

Thirty days

Sixty days Three months

(2) Where a court of summary jurisdiction in imposing any fine or sum for which caution is to be found does not specify the period of imprisonment in default of payment of such jfine or on failure to find such caution, such period shall be the maximum period applicable to the non-payment of the amount imposed.

(3) If in any sentence or extract sentence the period of imprisonment inserted in default of payment of a fine or on failure to find caution is in excess of that competent under this Act, such .period of imprisonment shall be reduced to the maximum period under this Act applicable to such default or failure, and the judge who pronounced the sentence shall have power to order the sentence or extract to be corrected accordingly.

(4) The periods of imprisonment set forth in subsection (1) of this section shall apply to the non-payment of any sum imposed as aforesaid by a court of summary jurisdiction under a statute or order passed or made before the first day of June nineteen hundred and nine, notwithstanding that that statute or order fixes any other period of imprisonment.

i5) The provisions of this section shall be without prejudice to the operation of section forty-five of this Act.

50.—(1) Where any fine falls to be recovered by civil diligence in pursuance of this Act or in any case in which a court of summary jurisdiction may think it expedient to order a fine to be recovered by civil diligence, there shall be added to the finding of the court imposing the fine the words " and decerns and ordains instant execution by arrestment and also

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 48

319

execution to pass hereon by poinding and sale, after a charge of ten free days," and such diligence, whatever the amount of the fine imposed, may be executed in the same manner as if the proceedings were on an extract decree of the sheriff small debt court

(2) Where proceedings by civil diligence under this section are adopted imprisonment shall not thereafter be competent

51.—(1) With regard to the finding, forfeiture, and recovery Caution and of caution in any proceedings under this Act the following pro- bail, visions shall apply: —

(a) caution may be found by consignation of the amount with the clerk of court, or by bond of caution, which bond may be signed by the mark of the cautioner;

(W where caution becomes liable to forfeiture, forfeiture may be granted by the court on the motion of the prosecutor, and, where necessary, warrant granted for the recovery thereof;

(c) in the event of any cautioner failing to pay the amount due under his bond within six days after he has received a charge to that effect, the court may order him to be imprisoned for the maximum period applicable in pursuance of section forty-nine of this Act to that amount or until payment is made; or the court, if it shall adjudge it expedient, may, on the application of the cautioner, grant time for payment, or may, instead of imprisonment, order recovery by civil diligence in accordance with section fifty of this Act.

(2) Bail may be found and forfeited, and the like procedure shall be competent in default of payment thereof as is hereinbefore provided with regard to caution; and any bail found shall continue in force until the final determination of the case or until the expiry of six months from the date when such bail is found, whichever shall first occur, notwithstanding that the diets may have been from time to time continued or deserted pro loco et tempore, or not called:

Provided that the cautioner shall be entitled to withdraw his bond of caution at any diet of the court at which the accused appears personally.

(3) Where, instead of being liberated on bail, the accused in a summary prosecution is liberated under a penalty in the event of his failure to appear at any future diet, and such penalty is declared to be forfeited, the amount thereof may be added to any other penalty subsequently imposed on him, or the court

320 Ch. 48 Summary Jurisdiction 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scot) , 1954

may pronounce 4 separate finding in respect of such penalty and may grant Warrant for the imprisonment of the accused in the event of non-payment thereof.

Payment of 52. All fines and expenses imposed under this Act shall be fines- paid to the clerk of court to be accounted for by him to the

person entitled thereto, and it shall not be necessary to specify in any sentence the person entitled to payment of any such fine or expenses, unless where it is necessary to provide for the division of the penalty.

Expenses. 53. The following provisions shall have effect with regard to

the award of expenses in a summary prosecution: —

(a) expenses may be awarded to or against a private

prosecutor but shall not be awarded against any person prosecuting in the public interest unless the statute or order under which the prosecution is brought expressly or impliedly authorises such an award;

(b) the finding regarding expenses shall be stated in the sentence or judgment disposing of the case;

(c) expenses awarded to the prosecutor shall be restricted

to the fees set forth in the Third Schedule to this Act;

id)the court may award expenses against the accused without imposing any fine or may direct the expenses incurred by the prosecutor, whether public or private, to be met wholly or partly out of any fine imposed;

(e) expenses awarded against the accused, where the fine or fines imposed do not exceed twelve pounds, shall not exceed three pounds:

Provided that if it appears to the court that the reasonable expenses of the prosecutor’s witnesses together with the other expenses exceed the sum of three pounds, the court may direct the expenses of those witnesses to be paid wholly or partly out of the fine;

(/) any expenses awarded shall be recoverable by civil diligence in accordance with section fifty of this Act

Forfeiture of 54. Where a person is convicted of any offence by a court of implements, summary jurisdiction or where a probation order is made by such a court in respect of any person, the court may order the forfeiture of any instruments or other articles found in his possession and used or calculated to be of use in the commission of the offence of which such person was convicted or on account of which the probation order was made and, save as otherwise expressly provided in any enactment with regard to the disposal of articles forfeited on conviction of an offence, may order such instruments or articles to be destroyed* or otherwise disposed of.

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 48

321

55. A court of summary jurisdiction may, if it appears to meet Admonition, the justice of the case, dismiss with an admonition any person

found guilty by the court of any offence.

56. —(1) The finding and sentence and any order of a court Forms of of summary jurisdiction, as regards both offences at common law fi"ding and and offences under any statute or order, shall be entered in the scoleoce* record of the proceedings in the form as nearly as may be of the appropriate form contained in Part V of the Second Schedule

to this Act, which shall be sufficient warrant for all execution thereon and for the clerk of court to issue extracts containing such executive clauses as may be necessary for implement thereof; and, when imprisonment forms part of any sentence or other judgment, warrant for the apprehension and interim detention of the accused pending his being committed to prison shall, where necessary, be implied.

(2) Where a fine imposed by a court of summary jurisdiction is paid at the bar it shall not be necessary for the court to refer to the period of imprisonment applicable to the nonpayment thereof.

(3) Where several charges at common law or under any statute or order are embraced in one complaint, a cumulo fine may be imposed in respect of all or any of such charges of which the accused is convicted.

(4) A sentence following on a conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction may be framed so as to take effect on the expiry of any previous sentence which at the date of such conviction the accused is undergoing.

57. —(1) Every sentence imposed by a court of summary Further jurisdiction, shall, unless otherwise provided, be pronounced in provision as >pen court in presence of the accused, but need not be written to 9entence->ut or signed in his presence.

(2) It shall be competent at any time before imprisonment las followed on such a sentence for the court to alter or modify t; but no higher sentence than that originally pronounced hall be competent

(3) The signature of the judge or clerk of court to any entence shall be sufficient also to authenticate the findings on /hich such sentence proceeds.

(4) The power conferred by subsection (2) of this section to Iter or modify a sentence shall be exercisable without requiring be attendance of the accused and, without prejudice to the enerality of the power, shall include power in the case where ayment of a fine by instalments has been ordered, to reduce the mount, or allow further time for the payment, of any instalment whether the time for payment thereof has or has not expired)

L

322

Ch. 48

Summary Jurisdiction . 2 & 3 Buz. 2

(iScotland) Act, 1954

Correction of errors.

Extract sufficient warrant for imprisonment.

Provision for court

comprising more than one judge.

Conviction of part only of charge.

Appeal by stated case.

or to order payment of the fine so far as unpaid, by instalments of smaller amounts or at longer intervals than originally allowed.

58. It shall be competent to correct any error in the record of the proceedings in a summary prosecution or in the extract of any sentence or order of the court at any time prior to execution thereon, and such correction shall be authenticated by the initials of the clerk of court.

59. Where imprisonment is authorised by the sentence of a court of summary jurisdiction an extract of the finding and sentence in the form as nearly as may be of the appropriate form contained in Part V of the Second Schedule to this Act shall be a sufficient warrant for the apprehension and commitment of the accused, and no such extract shall he void or liable to he set aside on account of any error or defect in point of form.

60. In any proceedings in a court of summary jurisdiction consisting of more than one judge the signature of one judge shall be sufficient in all warrants or other proceedings prior or subsequent to conviction, although the presence and signature of two or more judges may he necessary to conviction of the offence in respect of which such warrants are granted or proceedings take place, and it shall not he necessary that the judge so signing shall he one of the judges trying or dealing with the case otherwise. 61 62

61. A conviction of a part or parts only of the charge or charges libelled in a complaint shall imply dismissal of the rest of the complaint.

Review

62. On the final determination of any summary prosecution, either party may, notwithstanding any provision in any statute excluding review, make application to the court to state a case for the opinion of the High Court, and on such application being made the court, subject to the conditions hereinafter mentioned, shall be hound to state a case for such opinion, and it shall thereupon be competent to appeal to, and to bring under die review of, the High Court by stated case—

(a) the relevancy of the complaint;

(b) any irregularity in procedure;

(c) any alleged error of the court in point of law; and

() generally any matter which might immediately before

the commencement of this Act have been competently reviewed by suspension, advocation, or appeal under the Heritable Jurisdictions (Scotland) Act, 1746, or otherwise.

1954 Summary Jurisdiction Ch. 48 323

(Scotland) Act, 1954

63. —(1) Application to have a case stated shall be made at Manner and the time when judgment is given, or at any time within five days time of appeal thereafter, and shall be signed by die appellant or his

solicitor, and either written on the complaint or lodged with the clerk of court, and where the latter course is adopted the clerk of court shall enter in the record of the proceedings the date when the application was lodged, and shall thereupon intimate the appeal to the respondent

(2) Where such an application has been made by the person convicted, and the judge by whom he was convicted dies before signing the case or is precluded by illness or other cause from so doing, it shall be competent for the convicted person to present a biff of suspension to the High Court and to bring under the review of that Court any matter which might have been brought under review by stated case.

64. Immediately on an appeal under section sixty-two of this Caution by Act being taken the court shall fix a sum to be consigned by the appellant, appellant, or for which caution is to be found, to meet any

fine and expenses imposed and the expenses of the appeal, and the appellant shall not be entitled to have a case stated unless within five days after the date of his appeal he has made consignation, or found such caution, to the satisfaction of the clerk of court and has also paid the clerk his fees for preparing the case:

Provided that

(i) the court shall have power in any case where it deems it expedient so to do to dispense with consignation or the finding of caution, and

<ii) a person prosecuting in the public interest shall not be bound to make consignation or to find caution.

65. —(1) If an appellant under section sixty-two of this Act Procedure

is in custody the court may, on consignation being made or in

caution being found in accordance with the last foregoing section, custody! giant interim liberation on such conditions as to caution or otherwise as the court may fix, and may grant a sist of execution,

or may dispense with further consignation or caution, or may make any other interim order which the justice of the case may require, or may refuse to grant interim liberation.

(2) An application for interim liberation shall be disposed of by the court within twenty-four hours after such application has been made. The appellant, if dissatisfied with the amount of caution fixed, or on refusal of liberation, may, within twenty-four hours after the judgment of the court, appeal there-against by a note of appeal written on the complaint and signed by himself or his solicitor, and the complaint and proceedings

324 Ch. 48 Summary Jurisdiction 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

shall thereupon bo transmitted to the clerk of justiciary, and the High Court or any judge thereof, either in court or in chambers, shall, after hearing parties, have power to review the decision of the inferior court and to grant interim liberation on such conditions as such Court or judge may think fit, or to refuse interim liberation.

(3) If an appellant who has been granted interim liberation does not thereafter proceed with his appeal, the inferior court shall have power to grant warrant to apprehend and imprison him for such period of his sentence as at the date of his liberation remained unexpired, such period to run from the date of his imprisonment under such warrant.

Draft stated case to be prepared.

66.—<1) The clerk of court shall, within ten days from an application for a stated case under section sixty-two of this Act, or, when consignation or caution is ordered, within five days from the date when consignation has been made or caution found, prepare a draft stated case, and shall within the said period send the draft to the appellant or his solicitor, and a duplicate thereof to the respondent or his solicitor.

(2) A stated case shall be in the form as nearly as may be of the form contained in Part VI of the Second Schedule to tins Act, and shall set forth the particulars of any matters competent for review which ithe appellant desires to bring under the review of the High Court, and of the facts, if any, proved in the case, and any point of law decided, and the grounds of the decision.

Adjustment. 67.—(1) Within one month after receipt of the draft case

signature and under the last foregoing section each party shall cause to be F^CourtVf0 transmitted to the judge against whose judgment the appeal is taken and to the other parties a note of any adjustments he desires to have made on the draft case or intimate that he has no such adjustments to suggest, and if the appellant fails so to do he shall be deemed to have abandoned his appeal, and in any such case the court shall have the like power to grant warrant for his apprehension and imprisonment as is conferred by section sixty-five of this Act.

(2) Within fourteen days after the latest date on which any such adjustments or intimation as aforesaid are or is received the judge against whose judgment the appeal is taken shall (unless the appellant is deemed to have abandoned his appeal) after considering any such adjustments, state and sign the case.

(3) As soon as the case shall be signed by the judge against whose judgment the appeal is taken the clerk of court shall send it to the appellant and transmit the complaint, productions and any other proceedings in the cause to the clerk of justiciary.

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 48

325

(4) The appellant shall within five days after receiving the case send a copy of it to the respondent and cause it to be transmitted to or lodged with the clerk of justiciary together with a certificate by himself or his solicitor that a copy has been sent to the respondent in accordance with the requirement hereinbefore contained.

(5) If the appellant fails to comply with the last foregoing subsection he shall be deemed to have abandoned his appeal, and the court shall have the like power to grant warrant for his apprehension and imprisonment as is conferred by section sixty-five of this Act

68. —(1) An appellant tinder section sixty-two of this Act may Abandonment at any time prior ito lodging the case with the clerk of justiciary of appeal, abandon his appeal by minute signed by himself or his solicitor,

written on the complaint, or lodged with the clerk of court, and intimated to the respondent, but such abandonment shall be without prejudice to any other mode of appeal, review, advocation, or suspension competent.

(2) On the case being lodged with the clerk of justiciary, the appellant shall be held to have abandoned any other mode of appeal which might otherwise have been open to him.

69. On an appeal being taken under section sixty-two of this Reoord of Act the clerk of court shall record on the complaint the different procedure in steps of procedure in the appeal, and such record shall beappcal-evidence of the dates on which the various steps of procedure

took place. The forms of procedure in appeals shall be as nearly as may be in accordance with the forms contained in Part VI of the Second Schedule to this Act.

70. In computing any number of days for the purpose of the Computation provisions of this Act relating to appeals Sundays and public of time, holidays shall be excluded. 71

71. —(1) A stated case under this Act shall be heard by the Hearing of High Court on such date as it may fix, and the High Court shall

have power to affirm, reverse, or amend the determination of the inferior court, or to impose a fine instead of imprisonment where imprisonment has been awarded, or to reduce the period of imprisonment, or to reduce any fine imposed by the inferior court, or to remit the case back to the inferior court to be amended, and thereafter, on the case being amended and returned, to deliver judgment thereon, or to remit the case to the inferior court with their opinion thereon.

(2) Where in any such case an appeal against an acquittal is sustained, the High Court may either convict and sentence the accused or may remit the case to the inferior court with instructions to convict and sentence the accused, who shall be bound to attend any diet fixed by such court for this purpose.

326

Ch. 48

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Consent by prosecutor to setting aside conviction.

(3) The High Court shall have power in appeals under this Act to award such expenses both in the High and inferior courts as it may think fit.

(4) The High Court may remit to any fit person to inquire and report in regard to die facts and circumstances of any appeal, and on considering such report may pronounce judgment

(5) Where an appellant has been granted interim liberation, whether his appeal is under this Act or otherwise, he shall appear personally in court on the day or days fixed for the hearing of his appeal, failing which, unless the court shall on cause shown permit the appeal to be heard, he shall be held to have abandoned it.

(6) Where an ajppeal is dismissed or refused in whole or in part, the High Court shall have power to grant warrant to apprehend and imprison the appellant for any term, to run from die date of his imprisonment, not longer than that part of the term of imprisonment specified in the sentence brought under review which remained unexpired at the date of liberation.

72.—(1) Where an appeal has been taken under section sixty-two of this Act or by suspension or otherwise, and the prosecutor, on the appeal being intimated to him, is not prepared to maintain the judgment appealed against, he may by a minute signed by him and written on the complaint or lodged with the clerk of court consent to the conviction and sentence being set aside, either in whole or in part Such minute shall set forth the grounds on which the prosecutor is of opinion that the judgment cannot be maintained.

(2) A copy of any minute under the last foregoing subsection shall be sent by the prosecutor to the appellant and the clerk of court shall thereupon ascertain from the appellant or his solicitor whether he desires to be heard by the High Court before the appeal is disposed of, and shall note on the record whether or not the appellant so desires, and shall thereafter transmit the complaint and relative proceedings to the clerk of justiciary.

(3) The clerk of justiciary on receipt of a complaint and relative proceedings under the last foregoing subsection shall lay them before any judge of the High Court, either in court or in chambers, and such judge, after hearing parties if they desire to be heard, or without hearing parties, may set aside the conviction either in whole or in part and award expenses to the appellant not exceeding five guineas, or may refuse to set aside the conviction, in which case the proceedings shall be returned to die clerk of the inferior court, and the appellant shall then be entitled to proceed with his appeal in the same way as if it had been marked on the date when the complaint and proceedings are returned to the clerk of the inferior court

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(iScotland) , 1954

Ch. 48

327

(4) Where proceedings are taken under this section, the preparation of the draft stated case shall be delayed pending the decision of the High Court.

(5) The power conferred by this section to consent to a conviction and sentence being set aside shall be exercisable

(a) where the appeal is by stated case, at any time within ten days after the receipt by the prosecutor of the draft stated case; and

(b) where the appeal is by suspension at any time within ten days after the service on the prosecutor of the bill of suspension.

73. —(1) No conviction, sentence, judgment, order of court, or Conviction* other proceeding whatsoever under this Act shall be quashed for

want of form, or, where the accused had legal assistance in his °°

defence, shall be suspended or set aside in respect of any objec- grounds, dons to the relevancy of the complaint, or to the want of specification therein, or to the competency or admission or rejection of evidence at the trial in the inferior court, unless such objections shall have been timeously stated at the trial by the solicitor of the accused.

(2) Save as provided in sections sixty-two and seventy-one of this Act no conviction, sentence, judgment, order of court, or other proceeding whatsoever shall be quashed except on the ground of incompetency, or corruption, or malice, or oppression, or unless the High Court shall be of opinion that the accused has been misled as to the true nature of the charge against him or been prejudiced in his defence on the merits, and that a miscarriage of justice has resulted thereby:

Provided that the High Court may amend any conviction, sentence, judgment, order of court, or other proceeding, or may pronounce such other sentence, judgment, or order as they shall judge expedient. 74

74. —(1) The provisions regulating appeals shall, subject to the otter mote of provisions of this Act, be without prejudice to any other mode of appeal, appeal competent. Where it is competent to appeal against a

sentence of imprisonment to the High Court under the Heritable Jurisdictions (Scotland) Act, 1746, or under any Act amending that Act, or applying or incorporating any of the provisions of that Act with regard to appeals, such appeal shall, if otherwise well taken, be held to be timeously made if lodged with the clerk of the court in which the sentence appealed- against was pronounced and intimated to the respondent at any time during die appellant’s imprisonment under the sentence appealed

328 Ch. 48 Summary Jurisdiction 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

against, or within ten days from the date of the appellant’s liberation from imprisonment under the said sentence:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any appeal against a sentence of imprisonment, unless the imprisonment under such sentence commenced within ten days after it was pronounced.

(2) Any officer of law may serve any bill of suspension or other writ relating to an appeal.

Actions of 75.—(1) No judge, clerk of court, or prosecutor in the public

damages in interest shall be found liable by any court in damages for or in respect of any proceedings taken, act done, or judgment, decree, ct or sentence pronounced under this Act, unless

(a) the person suing has suffered imprisonment in con-

sequence thereof; and

(b) such proceeding, act, judgment, decree, or sentence has been quashed; and

(c) the person suing shall specifically aver and prove that

such proceeding, act, judgment, decree, or sentence was taken, done, or pronounced maliciously and without probable cause.

(2) No such liability as aforesaid shall be incurred or found where such judge, clerk of court, or prosecutor shall establish that the person suing was guilty of the offence in respect whereof he had been convicted, or on account of which he had bees apprehended or had otherwise suffered, and that he had undergone no greater punishment than was assigned by law to such offence.

(3) No action to enforce such liability as aforesaid shall lie unless it is commenced within two months after the proceeding, act, judgment, decree, or sentence founded on, or in the case where the Act under which the action is brought fixes a shorter period, within that shorter period.

(4) In this section " judge " shall not include " sheriff," and the provisions of this section shall be without prejudice to the privileges and immunities possessed by sheriffs.

Acts of 76.—(1) It shall be lawful for the High Court, by Act of

Adjournal Adjournal—

malting rules, (fl) to make rules to give effect to any of the provisions of this Act;

(b) to make rules regulating the procedure under this Act;

(c) to cancel or amend any of the forms of procedure under

this Act or to provide additional forms;

() to fix and regulate the fees payable in the High Court

and the inferior courts in proceedings under this Act

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(,Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 48

329

(2) Until regulated under the foregoing provisions of this section the fees payable in the High Court shall be those payable at the commencement of this Act and the fees payable in the inferior courts shall be those set forth in the Thin! Schedule to this Act

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect the regulations enacted by the Courts of Law Fees (Scotland) Act 1895.

(4) Any power conferred on the High Court by this Act to make rules shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, shall apply to a statutory instrument containing rules made by the High Court in the exercise of such power in like manner as if the rules had been made by a Minister of the Crown.

77. In this Act except where the context otherwise requires. Interpretation, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them—

" Bail " includes any pledge lodged by or on behalf of an accused person as security for his appearance at any diet of court:

" Borstal training " and " Detention centre " have the like meanings as in the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952:

44 County " extends to the limits within which a sheriff has jurisdiction in criminal matters, whether by statute or at common law, and includes district of a county:

44 Court " and 44 Court of summary jurisdiction " mean any court of summary criminal jurisdiction, and include sheriff court, justice of peace court, burgh court, police court, and the court of the bailie of the river and firth of Clyde:

44 District of a county " means any part of a county in which a separate sheriff court is held and for which a separate procurator fiscal is appointed:

" Extract conviction " and44 extract of previous conviction " include certified copy conviction, certificate of conviction, and any other document under the hand of the proper officer in use to be issued from any court of justice of the United Kingdom as evidence of a conviction or convictions:

"High Court" means the High Court of Justiciary;

" Judge " means any sheriff, justice of the peace, and any magistrate or other judge of a court of summary criminal jurisdiction:

44 Justice of the peace " means any of Her Majesty’s justices of the peace for any county or county of a city in Scotland acting within such county or county of a city:

L*

330 Ch. 48 Summary Jurisdiction 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotl) Act, 1954

" Legalised police cells " has the like meaning as in the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952:

" Offence " means any act, attempt or omission punishable by law:

" Officer of law " includes chief constable, deputy chief constable, constable, sheriff officer, prison officer, and any person having authority to execute a warrant of court:

"Order" means any order, byelaw, rule, or regulation having statutory authority:

" Probation order " has the like meaning as in the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act. 1949:

"Prosecutor" includes procurator-fiscal, assistant procurator-fiscal, procurator-fiscal depute, justice of the peace fiscal, burgh prosecutor, and any other person prosecuting in the public interest, private prosecutor, and complainer, and any person duly authorised to represent or act for any public prosecutor:

" Remand centre," has the like meaning as in the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952:

" Remand home " means premises established or used by a county or town council under the provisions of section eighty-one of the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937:

" Statute " includes a Provisional Order confirmed by Act of Parliament:

" Witness " includes haver.

Repeals and 78.—(1) The enactments set forth in the Fourth Schedule to

savings. this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) Nothing in this repeal shall affect any Act of Adjournal rule, order, regulation passed or made, fee fixed or thing done under any enactment repealed by this Act and every such Act of Adjournal, rule, order, regulation, fee or thing shall, if in force at the commencement of this Act, continue in force and be deemed to have been passed, made, fixed or done under the corresponding provision of this Act.

(3) Nothing in this Act shall make it unlawful to detain an accused person in custody pending trial otherwise than in prison if such detention would have been lawful prior to the commencement of this Act.

(4) Any document referring to any Act or enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring to this Act or to the corresponding enactment in this Act.

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(iScotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 48

331

(5) The mention of particular matters in this section shall not be taken to affect the general application to this Act of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals).

79.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Summary Jurisdiction Short title, (Scotland) Act, 1954. commencement

and extent.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-five.

(3) Save as otherwise expressly provided this Act shall extend to Scotland only.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Section 2.

Provisions of Criminal Procedure* (Scotland) Act, 1887, as Applied to Summary Procedure

4. A person accused may be named and designed in a complaint Summary according to the former practice, or he may be named by the name complaint, given by him and designed as of the place given by him as his residence when he is examined on declaration, and it shall not be necessary to set forth any other name or names by which he may

be known, or any other address or designation.

5. It shall not be necessary in any complaint to specify by any Nomen jura nomen juris the offence which is charged, but it shall be sufficient unnecessary, that the complaint sets forth facts relevant and sufficient to constitute

an offence punishable on complaint.

6. When in any complaint two or more persons are charged Case of two or together with committing an offence punishable on complaint, it

shall not be necessary to allege that " both and each or one or other," cnar®oa-or that " all and each or one or more " of them committed the offence, or did or failed to do any particular act, but such alternatives shall be implied in all such complaints.

7. It shall not be necessary to state in any complaint that a person - Guilty, actor accused is 44 guilty, actor or art and part ", but such charge shall or art and

be implied in all complaints.

8. It shall not be necessary in any complaint to allege that any Qualifying act of commission or omission therein charged was done or omitted to * to be done 44 wilfully " or 44 maliciously ", or 44 wickedly and feloni-,fTtphod* ously", or "falsely and fraudulently", or "knowingly", or "culpably and recklessly ", or " negligently ", or in " breach of duty ",

or to use such words as " knowing the same to be forged ", or "having good reason to know", or "well knowing the same to have been stolen ", or to use any similar words or expressions qualifying any act charged, but such qualifying allegation shall be

L* 2

332

Ch. 48

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

1st Sgh. —com.

Quotation of

statutes

unnecessary.

Latitude as to time and place.

Latitude as to quantities, persons, things, or modes.

Description of buildings, goods, money, or other property.

Description of persons, goods,

etc.

implied in every case in which according to the former law and practice its insertion would have been necessary in order to make the complaint relevant.

9. It shall not be necessary in a complaint for an offence punishable under any Act of Parliament to quote the Act of Parliament or any part of it, but it shall be sufficient to allege that the offence was committed contrary to such Act of Parliament, and to refer to the Act and any section of the Act founded on without setting forth the enactment in words at length.

10. The latitude formerly in use to be taken in stating time in complaints shall be implied in all statements of time where an exact time is not of the essence of the charge, and the latitude formerly in use to be taken in stating any place in such complaints by adding to the word 44 at ", or to the word in ", the words 44 or near ", or the words "or in the near neighbourhood thereof", or similar words, shall be implied in all statements of place where the actual place is not of the essence of the charge, and where the circumstances of the offence charged make it necessary to take an exceptional latitude in regard to time or place it shall not be necessary to set forth such circumstances in the complaint, or to set forth that the particular time or the particular place is to the prosecutor unknown; provided always that where exceptional latitude is taken, the court shall, if satisfied that such exceptional latitude was not reasonable in the circumstances of the case, give such remedy to the person accused by adjournment of the trial or otherwise as shall seem just

11. The latitude formerly in use to be taken in complaints in describing quantities by the words 44 or thereby ", or the words M or part thereof", or the words 44or some other quantity to the prosecutor unknown ", or similar words, shall be implied in all statements of quantities, and the latitude formerly in use to be taken in stating details connected with the perpetration of any act regarding persons, things, or modes by inserting general alternative statements followed by the words 44 to the prosecutor unknown ", or similar words, shall be implied in all cases where such statements were in use to be made according to the former practice.

12. Where in a complaint, whether raised on Act of Parliament or at common law, buildings, goods, money, or property of any other description are mentioned, it shall not be necessary to allege the property or possession thereof, to be in any person, official, corporation, or company, or that the same were not the property of the accused, and the allegation that the same were not die property of the accused shall be implied in all cases where it is essential to the criminality of the charge.

13. Where in a complaint or any list or inventory relative thereto any person is referred to, it shall be sufficient to describe him by his name and ordinary address, and it shall not be necessary to describe him as 44now or lately" residing at such address, but such words shall be implied, and where goods, articles, or things require to be described, it shall be sufficient to describe them in general terms without specifying the materials of which they are made, or any

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 48

333

particulars which distinguish them from other goods, articles, or things of a similar kind except in cases in which such particulars are essential to the constitution of the offence charged.

14. The word " money " when used in a complaint shall include " Money " to all current coin of the realm, post office orders and postal orders,

and bank or banker’s notes, and it shall not be necessary to specify in post any statement in a complaint relating to a sum of money whether orders, such sum consisted of gold, silver, or other coin, post office orders or postal orders, or bank or banker’s notes, or any of them, but it shall be sufficient to state the sum as consisting of money.

15. Where in a complaint any document requires to be referred to. Setting forth it shall not be necessary to set forth the document or any part of it documents in such complaint, but it shall be sufficient to refer to such documentunn0CC88ary’ by a general description.

58. Criminal resetting of property shall not be limited to the React, receiving of property taken by theft or robbery, but shall extend to

the receiving of property appropriated by breach of trust and embezzlement, and by falsehood fraud and wilful imposition, and under any complaint charging the resetting of property dishonestly appropriated by any of these means, it shall not be necessary to set forth any details of the offence by which the dishonest appropriation was accomplished, but it shall be sufficient to set forth that the person accused received such property, it having been dishonestly appropriated by theft or robbery, or by breach of trust and embezzlement, or by falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition, as the case may be.

59. —(1) Under a complaint for theft, or for breach of trust and Robbery, etc., embezzlement, or for falsehood fraud and wilful imposition, a person J®jn3^et^8Ct’ accused may be convicted of reset; under a complaint for breach ^iide breach of trust and embezzlement, or for falsehood fraud and wilful imposi- of trust, etc. don, a person accused may be convicted of theft; under a complaint

for theft, a person accused may be convicted of breach of trust and embezzlement, or of falsehood fraud and wilful imposition, or may be convicted of theft, although the circumstances proved may in law amount to robbery.

(2) The power conferred by the last foregoing subsection to convict a person of an offence other than the offence charged in a complaint shall be exercisable by the sheriff court before which such person is tried notwithstanding that that other offence was committed outside the jurisdiction of that sheriff court: 60 * * * *

60- Where in a complaint two or more offences or acts constituting Procedure

offences are charged cumulatively, it shall be lawful to convict of more

any one or more of them, and any part of what is charged in a2*"°^offence

complaint, constituting in itself an offence punishable on complaint,

shall be deemed separable to the effect of making it lawful to convict of such offence, and where any offence is charged as having been committed with a particular intent or with particular circumstances of aggravation, it shall be lawful to convict of the offence without such intent or aggravation.

334

Ch. 48

Summary Jurisdiction

(iScotland) , 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

—con/.

Attempt at offence.

Statutory offences which are offencei at common law.

Previous convictions of dishonesty.

Previous convictions of violence.

Previous convictions of le vd conduct, etc.

61. Attempt to commit any offence punishable on complaint shall itself be an offence punishable on complaint, and under a complaint which charges a completed offence the person accused may be lawfully convicted of an attempt to commit such offence; and under a complaint charging an attempt, the person accused may be convicted of such attempt although the evidence be sufficient to prove the completion of the offence said to have been attempted; and under a complaint charging an offence which imports personal injury inflicted by the person accused, resulting in death or serious injury to the person, the person accused may be lawfully convicted of the assault or other injurious act, and may also be lawfully convicted of the aggravation that such assault or other injurious act was committed with intent to commit such offence.

62. Where any act set forth in a complaint as contrary to any Act of Parliament is also criminal at common law, or where the facts proved under such a complaint do not amount to a contravention of the statute, but do amount to an offence at common law, it shall be lawful to convict of the common law offence.

63. Previous convictions obtained in any part of the United Kingdom of robbery, theft, stouthrief, reset, forgery and uttering forged documents, falsehood fraud and wilful imposition, housebreaking with intent to steal, assault with intent to rob. breach of trust and embezzlement, burglary, larceny, obtaining goods or money by false pretences, swindling, cardsharping, and of attempts to commit any of those offences, and of offences contrary to the Acts of Parliament relating to the Queen’s coinage, and of offences relating to the Queen’s coinage at common law. and of offences inferring dishonest appropriation by post office officials, or of attempts to commit such offences, whether such convictions be under the Post Office Acts or at common law, and of all other offences inferring dishonest appropriation of property by a person not the owner thereof, or attempts to commit such offences, whether in contravention of any Act of Parliament or at common law, may be lawfully put in evidence as aggravations against any person accused on complaint of any of the offences, or attempts to commit offences, above set forth, and any aggravation of the offence or attempt which an extract of such conviction bears to have been found proven, may be lawfully used in evidence to the like effect.

64. Previous convictions of any offence inferring personal violence obtained in any part of the United Kingdom may be lawfully put in evidence as aggravations of any offence inferring personal violence, and any aggravation set forth in such convictions may be lawfully used in evidence to the like effect. 65

65. Previous convictions obtained in any part of the United Kingdom of any offence inferring lewd, indecent, or libidinous conduct may be lawfully put in evidence as aggravations of any offence of a lewd, indecent, or libidinous character, and any aggravation set forth in such convictions may be lawfully used in evidence to the like effect.

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 48

335

68. When in the trial of any complaint, the evidence led shall IstSch. be sufficient to prove the identity of any person, corporation, or —com. company, or of any place, or of any thing, it shall not be a valid Superfluous objection to the sufficiency of such evidence that any particulars set particulars as u> forth in regard thereto in the complaint have not been proved. identity.

69. The declaration of the person accused, the formal parts of Declarations, which may be written or printed, or partly written and partly

printed, duly authenticated by the magistrate examiner as having been emitted before him according to the former law and practice, shall be received in evidence without being sworn to by witnesses, either for the prosecution or for the person accused, but it shall be competent for the person accused, before such declaration is read to the court, to adduce as witnesses the persons who were present when the declaration was emitted, and to examine them upon any matters regarding such declaration on which it would be competent to examine them according to the former law and practice, and to move the court to refuse to allow the declaration to be read on grounds appearing on the face of the declaration itself, or on the ground of what is disclosed in such evidence or on both of those grounds, and where a person accused objects to the declaration, the prosecutor shall be entitled to examine any witnesses in regard thereto, whom the person accused may be entitled to examine as aforesaid.

SECOND SCHEDULE Section, is, u,

IS. 16,18,20,31. 42, 56,59,66,69.

Forms of Procedure

PART I

Incidental Applications

Under the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1954

In the Court at

The Petition of

Humbly sheweth—

That [state the circumstances' and the statute or . if any,

on which the application is based].

The petitioner therefore craves the court [set forth warrant or order desiredJ.

According to Justice, Ac.

Examples of Craves for Warrants and Orders of Court

(a) To grant warrant to officers of law to search the premises at occupied by for the stolen property mentioned

in the petition [or, as the case may be] and to take possession thereof and convey it to

336

Ch. 48

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

2nd Sea.

—COM.

(b) To seize and destroy the carcase referred to in the petition.

(c) To order the property mentioned in the petition to be restored to the petitioner on proof thereof being given that such property was stolen and that the petitioner is the true owner or possessor thereof.

() To remit the accused to the sheriff of ] (or, os

the case may be), and meantime to grant warrant to convey him to the prison (or police cells) of [place] . thereafter to be deah with in due course of law.

Form of Warrant or Order to be written on such Petition

[Place and date.] The court having considered the foregoing petition grants warrant as craved.

PART II

Forms of Complaint and Charges Under the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1954

In the Court of at

The Complaint of Procurator Fiscal (or Burgh Prosecutor)

(or other party entitled to prosecute).

A.B. (Name and address sufficient to distinguish person) (or at present in custody), you are charged at the instance of the Complainer, tint on 20th ,19 , in (orat) you did (set forth

Charge as in Forms).

The Complaint will be signed thus—

C.D. Procurator Fiscal (or Burgh Prosecutor or Justice of the Peace Fiscal)

or

E. F. Complainer or

G.H. Solicitor for Complainer.

The following Forms are additional to those contained in Schedule A to the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887, all of which, in so far as applicable to charges which may be tried summarily, shall be held to be incorporated in this :—

You did assault C.D. and strike him with your fists.

You did conduct yourself in a disorderly manner and commit i breach of the peace.

You did threaten violence to the lieges and commit a breach of the peace.

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 48

337

You did fight and commit a breach of the peace.

You did publicly expose your person in a shameless and indecent manner in presence of the lieges.

You did obtain from C.D. board and lodging to the value of 12s. without paying and intending not to pay therefor.

You did maliciously knock down 22 yards of the coping of a wall forming the fence between two fields on the said farm.

You did maliciously place a block of wood on the railway line and attempt to obstruct a train.

You did drive a horse and cart recklessly to the danger of the lieges.

You did break into a poultry house and steal three fowls.

You did steal a coat which you obtained from CD. on the false representation that you had been sent for it by her husband.

having received from C.D. £6 to hand to EJ7., you did on (date) at (place) steal the said sum.

having received from EJ7. a watch in loan, you did on , at , sell it to GD., and steal it

having found a watch, you did, without trying to discover its owner, sell it on at , to CJD., and

steal it

You did receive from CD., a private in the Third Battalion

, a military jacket and waist belt contrary to the Army Act section 156.

You did obtain credit from C.D. to the extent of £22 without informing him that you were an undischarged bankrupt, contrary to the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act 1913, section 182.

You, being the occupier of the said house, did use the same for the purpose of betting with persons resorting thereto, contrary to the Betting Act 1853, sections 1 and 3.

You did frequent and loiter in the said street for the purpose of betting and receiving bets, contrary to the Street Betting Act, 1906, section 1.

You, having on been convicted on indictment of the

crime of theft aggravated by previous convictions of theft and sentenced to , were on found within

the dwelling-house at , occupied by C.D., about to commit

theft contrary to the Prevention of Crimes Act 1871, section 7.

You, being a dealer in old metals, did purchase from C.D. sixteen pounds of brass, contrary to the Prevention of Crimes Act 1871, section 13.

You did assault CJD., a constable of the Police, while

engaged in the execution of his duty, and with a stick strike him on the face to the great effusion of blood, contrary to the Prevention of Crimes Act 1871, section 12.

You did cruelly ill-treat a horse by causing it to draw a cart while it was suffering from a sore on its back under the saddle, contrary to the Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act 1912, section 1.

2nd Sch.

—corn.

338

2nd Sch.

—cont.

Ch. 48 Summary Jurisdiction 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

You did wilfully neglect your children E.B., aged seven yean; G.B., aged five years; and F.B., aged three years, by failing to provide them with adequate food and clothing, and by keeping them in a filthy and verminous condition, contrary to the Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937, section 12.

You, being a debtor in a process of sequestration and within four months next before the presentation of the petition for your sequestration, did pawn, otherwise than in the ordinary way of trade, 3 dozen pairs of shoes which you had obtained on credit from CD., and had not paid for, contrary to the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act. 1913, section 178 (A) (5).

You are the owner of a dog which is dangerous and not kept under proper control, and which on in did chase a

flock of sheep, contrary to the Dogs Act, 1871, section 2, as amended by the Dogs Act, 1906, section 1, whereby you are liable to be ordered to keep the said dog under proper control or to destroy it.

You, being the parent of A.B., a child of school age, aged who has attended school, and the said child

having failed, between and , without

reasonable excuse, to attend regularly at the said school, you are thereby guilty of an offence against section 35 of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946.

being an unauthorised place you did keep for sale 150 lbs. of gunpowder, contrary to the Explosives Act, 1875. section 5.

You did keep 156 lbs. of gunpowder, and did not keep it in a fireproof safe, contrary to the Explosives Act, 1875, section 22 and section 3, subsection (1), Mode B, of the Order in Council dated 26th October, 1896.

, being master of the steam trawler G.N., you did use the method of fishing known as otter trawling, contrary to the Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1889, section 6 as amended by the Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act Amendment Act, 1890, section 3.

, being master of the steam trawler G.N., you did use the method of fishing known as otter trawling, contrary to Bye-Law No. made by the [Fishery Board for Scotland] [Secretary of State] dated

You did sell and deliver to E.F. to his prejudice an article of food namely: gallons of sweet milk which was not of the

nature, substance and quality of the article demanded by him and was not genuine sweet milk in respect that it was deficient in milk fat to the extent of per cent or thereby in that it contained only per cent, of milk fat whereas genuine sweet milk should contain not less than 3 per cent, of milk fat, conform to certificate of analysis granted on (date) by G.H., analytical chemist (address), public analyst for the burgh of (a copy of which

certificate of analysis is annexed hereto) of a sample of the said milk taken (specify time and place) by J.K., duly appointed sampling officer for the buigh of , acting under the direction

of the local authority for the said burgh, while the said milk was

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 48

339

in course of delivery to the said EJF. contrary to the Food and Drugs (Adulteration) Act, 1928, section 2, subsection (1), and the Sale of Milk Regulations, 1901.

You did induce J.P. to engage in an unlawful game called the "three card trick," and cheat him of £1, contrary to the Prevention of Gaming (Scotland) Act, 1869, section 3.

You did by night enter on the said land with nets for the purpose of taking game, contrary to the Night Poaching Act, 1828, section 1; or

You did by night unlawfully take six rabbits; contrary to, &c.

You did in the daytime trespass on the said land in search or pursuit of game (or rabbits), contrary to the Game (Scotland) Act, 1832, section 1.

You were found in the possession of five hares, a net and six net pins, which hares you had obtained by unlawfully going on land in search or pursuit of game, and which net and net pins you had used for unlawfully killing or taking game, or you had been accessory thereto, contrary to the Poaching Prevention Act, 1862, section 2.

You did present or cause to be presented to C.D., Assessor for a return in which you falsely stated that the yearly rent of your House, No. Street, , was £20, instead

of £30, contrary to the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854, section 7.

AJB., hotelkeeper. Hotel, you are charged.

See*, that on Sunday in your said hotel you

did sell a half gill of whisky to C.D., he not being a lodger in the said hotel or a traveller, contrary to your certificate and the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903, section 53.

You did sell a half gill of whisky to C.D., who was then in a state of intoxication, contrary to your certificate and the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903, section 53.

You were found in a state of intoxication and incapable of taking care of yourself, and not under the care or protection of some suitable person, contrary to the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903, section 70.

You did knowingly sell a glass of whisky to C.D., who had been convicted of the offences mentioned in and dealt with under section 72 of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903, contrary to the said Act, section 72.

You did ride upon a bicycle without carrying a lamp constructed, placed, and lighted as required by law, contrary to the Road Transport Lighting Act, 1927, sections 1 and 5, as amended by the Road Transport Lighting (Cycles) Act, 1945.

You did drive a motor car recklessly (or at a speed or in a manner which was dangerous to the public), contrary to the Road Traffic Act, 1930, section 11.

2nd Sch.

—corn.

340

Ch. 48

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

2nd Sch.

—com.

You did fail to enter in your Pledge Book the sum of 8s. 1$<L, the profit charged on a loan of 25s. to C.D. on security of a watch pawned by him and redeemed on . contrary to the

Pawnbrokers Act, 1872, section 12.

You did act as a pedlar without having obtained a certificate, contrary to the Pedlars' Act, 1871, section 4.

At one o'clock on the morning of the said date you did sell to CD. a pie and a bottle of lemonade, contrary to the Burgh Polkt (Scotland) Act, 1892, section 380 (6).

You did play at football, to the annoyance of the residents is the said street, contrary to the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. section 381 (26).

You kept and still keep nine hens and a cock, which are a nuisance to the inhabitants in the neighbourhood, contrary to the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, section 389; whereby you are liable to be ordained to remove such fowls within such time as the court may fix.

Being a known (or reputed) thief, you were found in possession of a watch and chain, without being able to give a satisfactory account of your possession thereof, contrary to the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, section 409.

You did place in a Post Office letter box a lighted match, contrary to the Post Office Act, 1953, section 60.

You did consign, for the food of man, to E.F. the carcase of a cow which was unsound and unfit for such food, contrary to the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, section 43 (4).

You did travel in a railway carriage without having previoudy paid your fare, and with intent to avoid payment thereof, contrary to the Regulation of Railways Act, 1889, section 5 (3) (a).

having on within the house No.

Street, given birth to a female illegitimate child, you did fail, within twenty-one days thereafter, to attend personally and give informatioo to C.D., registrar of births, deaths, and marriages for (Registration District), of the several particulars required to be registered touching such birth, contrary to the Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Scotland) Act, 1854, section 27.

You did take two salmon during the annual close time by meant of cobles and sweep nets, contrary to the Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1868, section 15.

You did carry off from the said premises the following poinded effects, namely, in fraudem of C.D., a poinding creditor,

contrary to the Small Debt (Scotland) Act, 1837, section 20.

You had in your possession for use for trade a counter balance which was false, and two weights, which were unjust, contrary to the Weights and Measures Act, 1878, section 25.

1954 Summary Jurisdiction Ch. 48

(i Scotland) Act, 1954

PART HI

Forms op Nonces to Accused as to Pbnalty for Statutory Offence and Previous Convictions

Form No. 1

Notice as to penalty for statutory offence

A3. Take notice that in the event of your being convicted of the charge[s] of contravening (give reference to the section of Act or Order) in the complaint preferred against you at my instance you will be liable to the penalties set forth in the said section [or in section of the said Act] namely (set forth shortly the penalties).

CD. Procurator Fiscal

[or Burgh Prosecutor]

[or Justice of the Peace Fiscal]

[or E.F. Complainer]

[or G.H. Solicitor for Complainer]

(Date)

Form No. 2

Notice of Previous Convictions in charge of Statutory Offence

AB. Take notice that in the event of your being convicted of the charge of contravening (give reference to the section of Act or Order) in the complaint preferred against you at my instance it is intended to place before the Court the undernoted previous convictions applying to you and you will be liable (in respect that the offence is a second [or third] offence) to the penalties set forth in the laid section [or in section of the said Act] namely (set forth

thortly the penalties).

(Date)

CD. Procurator Fiscal [or Burgh Prosecutor]

[or Justice of the Peace Fiscal] [or E.F. Complainer]

[or G.H. Solicitor for Complainer]

341

2nd Sch

—cont

342

2nd Sch.

—COM

Citation of accused.

Ch. 48 Summary Jurisdiction 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(; Scotland) 1954

Form No. 3

Notice of previous convictions in charge of Common Law offence

A3. Take notice that in the event of your being convicted of the charge[s] of in the complaint preferred against yo*

at my instance it is intended to place before the Court the following previous convictions applying to you:—

Date Place of Trial Court Offence Sentence

1 1

C.D. Procurator Fiscal

[or Burgh Prosecutor]

[or Justice of the Peace Fiscal]

[or E.F. Complainer]

[or G.H. Solicitor for Complainer]

[Date)

PART IV

Warrants of Citation, Apprehension, Ac.

Edinburgh, 9th January 19 —The court assigns 16th January 19 at 10 a.m. within the Sheriff Court House, Edinburgh, as a diet in this case.

W.G., Cleric of Court.

This form only necessary if special diet is required

Edinburgh, 9th January 19 .—The court grants warrant to apprehend the said accused.

If search warrant desired, it may be in the following terms:—

Grants warrants to search the person, dwelling-house, and repositories of the accused, and any place where he may be found, and to take possession of the property mentioned or referred to in the complaint, and all articles and documents likely to afford evidence of his guilt or of guilty participation.

A.B., above designed, you are hereby summoned to appear personally on 16th January 19 at 10 a.m., within the Sheriff Court House, Edinburgh, to answer to the complaint against you of which the above is a copy.

Served by me on 9th January 19 .

C.D., Police Constable.

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 48

343

A note in the following or similar terms may be appended to the service copy of a complaint:—

NOTE.—If you plead not guilty to the above charge your case will be adjourned to a diet to be fixed by the court [or, if the case is to proceed to trial at the first diet, your case will proceed to trial at such diet unless the court grants an adjournment]. If you desire to have witnesses cited for the defence, the police will give you all reasonable assistance to cite them.

To EE. [name and designationJ.

You are hereby cited to appear personally on 16th January 19 at 10 a.m. in the City Police Court, Edinburgh, to give evidence for the prosecution in the case against A3, (and you are required to produce ).

C.D., Police Constable.

Note to be subjoined to Citations of Witnesses

Witnesses failing to attend the court without lawful excuse are liable to be apprehended and punished.

Edinburgh, 16th January 19 .—The Court, in respect E.F.

a witness in the cause has failed to appear after being duly cited, adjourns the diet till 18th January 19 at 10 a.m., and ordains the accused and witnesses to appear personally at the said diet, and grants warrant to apprehend the said E.F. and to detain him in any prison or in police cells until the said diet, unless sufficient security to the amount of £ be found for his appearance at all

diets of the court

Edinburgh, 9th January 19 .—The Court on the motion of the

Prosecutor continues the case against the accused until January 19 , and meantime grants warrant to detain the accused in Prison

until that time (or until sufficient security to the amount of £ be found for his appearance at all diets of court).

Officer's Execution of Service of Complaint on an Accused Person

I. officer of law, upon the day of

lawfully summoned [name and designation of accused as in plaint] to appear before the Court on the

day of at o’clock

noon, to answer to a complaint at the instance of charging him with [state offence]. This I did by delivering a copy of the complaint with citation thereto attached [state how served upon accused, whether personally or left at dwelling-house or otherwise].

C.D.. Police Constable.

Officer's Execution of Citation of a Witness

I, officer of law. upon the day of

lawfully cited [name and designation of witness] to appear before the Court on the day of

to give evidence for the prosecution [or defence] in the complaint at the instance of against [name and designation of

accused]. This I did by delivering a citation to that effect [state how served, whether personally or left at dwelling-house or otherwise].

C.D., Police Constable.

2nd Sch.

—cont.

Citation of witnesses.

Apprehension of witnesses.

Adjournment for inquiry.

344

2nd Sgh.

—COnt.

Plea of guilty.

Sentence.

Where different pleas tendered.

Sentence where more than one accused and different pleas.

Plea and sentence combined.

Plea of not guilty.

Adjournment.

Trial

Finding.

Sentence.

Imprisonment.

Fine.

Time allowed.

Ch. 48 Summary Jurisdiction 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

PART V

Minutes of Procedure, Ac.

Edinburgh, 9th January 19 .—G.N., judge.

Compeared the accused and, in answer to the complaint, pled guilty.

Sentence: Twenty-one days’ imprisonment.

Compeared the accused and, in answer to the complaint, A3. pled guilty and CD. pled guilty to the third charge.

Sentence: A.B. Twenty-one days’ imprisonment, C.D. seven days' imprisonment.

Compeared the accused, and, in answer to the complaint, pled guQty (or state to what extent plea tendered), and was sentenced to days’ imprisonment (or was fined £ and in default of payment days* imprisonment) (or as the case may be).

Compeared the accused, who. in answer to the complaint, pled not guilty.

The court adjourned the diet to 11th January 19 at 10 ajiL. and ordained the accused then to appear.

Or,

The court adjourned the diet to 11th January 19 at 10 ajn., and ordered the accused to be imprisoned until that date or unto security for £ be found for his appearance at all diets of

court.

Or.

The court adjourned the diet to 11th January 19 at 10 anu and ordered the accused to appear personally at that diet under t penalty of £ in default.

Edinburgh, Uth January 19 .—G.N., judge.

Compeared the accused (or the accused failed to appear after being duly cited or after receiving due intimation of this diet).

The court found the accused guilty as libelled (or as first (or tor) alternately libelled, or state to what extent found guilty) (or not guilty), (or found the charge not proven), (or found A3, guilty as libelled and C.D. guilty as second libelled (or, as the case may L

days* imprisonment.

Or,

Fined £ , (or £ each), and in default of payment

days* imprisonment (or days* imprisonment each).

Fined £ (including £ expenses), and in default

of payment days* imprisonment.

Or,

Fined £ from this date.

. and in default of payment within days* imprisonment.

days

1954

Summary Jurisdiction Ch. 48 345

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Or,

To find £ caution for good behaviour for

months, and in default days' imprisonment.

2nd Sch. —cont. Caution.

Or,

Fined £ , and in default of payment, days’Fine. ®"

imprisonment and to find £ caution for good behaviour

for months, and in default days’ imprisonment

further.

To be imprisoned for days from this date and to find I’

caution for £ for good behaviour for months8

thereafter, and in default days’ imprisonment further.

it

The court found the accused A.B. guilty as libelled and fined him Fine imposed £1, and, in respect the said C.D. has conduced to the commission °° "* lieu

of the said offence by habitually neglecting to exercise due careofChlld* of the said A3., ordered the fine to be paid by the said C.D., and in default of payment sentenced the said C.D. tq days*

imprisonment

Sentence deferred till 19 , when accused Sentence

ordained to appear. deferred.

Admonished and dismissed. Admonition.

The court on the motion of the prosecutor, deserted the diet pro Dwertion of loco et tempore. <"et*

Where there are severed accused and different sentences pronounced on each, the sentence applicable to each may be minuted under the appropriate form.

Bail Bond

1, CD., do hereby judicially enact and bind and oblige myself as cautioner and surety that A3, shall appear personally in the Sheriff Court, Edinburgh, on 16th January, 19 . at 10 a.m. and

at any other diet to which the cause may be adjourned, to answer to a complaint at the instance of the Procurator Fiscal of Court, charging him with the crime of assault, and that under a penalty of £ to be paid by me in case of failure, and to be recovered in the manner prescribed by the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1954.

In witness whereof, Ac.

C.D.

EF., Witness. G.H.. Witness.

The court, in respect of the failure of the accused to attend this Forfeiture of diet, on the motion of the prosecutor declares the bail of £ (or hail consigned, a pledge, viz., ) deposited as security for his appearance to

be forfeited and also grants warrant for his apprehension.

The court, in respect of the failure of the accused to attend this Forfeiture of diet, on the motion of the prosecutor declares a bond of caution bail bond, granted for his appearance under a penalty of £ to be forfeited;

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

346

Ch. 48

2nd Sea. further, ordains CD., cautioner in the said bond, to be charged to

—conu make payment to the clerk of court of the said sum within six days

after such charge, and in default of payment to be imprisoned for days from the date of his incarceration unless payment of the said penalty be sooner made, but reserving to the said CD. within the said six days to make application to the court for an extension of time for payment of the said sum if so advised, and grants warrant for the apprehension of the said A.B.

Charge to To CJD., I, officer of law. Edinburgh, hereby charge you to make

cautioner. payment of the sum of £ , being the penalty contained in bond

of caudon by you for A.B., which bond has been declared forfeited in respect of his non-appearance to answer to the complaint against him as provided for in the said bond, the said sum to be paid by you to die clerk of court. Sheriff Court, Edinburgh, within six days after the date of this my charge, under pain of imprisonment for the period of days from the date of incarceration unless foe

said sum be sooner paid.

This charge served by me on 21st January 19

E.F.. Police Constable.

If you desire to obtain an extension of time for payment appfaca-don therefor to the Court must be made within six days from this date.

Forms similar to those applicable to the finding and forfeiture ef bail may, with the necessary variations. be used for the finding and forfeiture of caution for good behavio

Extract

Under the Summary Jurisdiction (Scodand) Act, 1954

In the Court of at

Name of accused

Date of conviction

Offence of which convicted

Imprisonment. Sentence. Imprisonment days.

In respect of which sentence warrant is hereby granted to officers of law to convey the accused to the prison of [place]

and for the detention of the accused therein for days from

the date of imprisonment.

W.G., Clerk of Court

Fine or Sentence, £ fine or days* imprisonment. In respect of

impmonm-t which sentence warrant is hereby granted to officers of law to convey ^mmediat0^ the accused to the prison of [place] and for the deleft-tion of the accused therein until the said fine is paid, but not exceeding days from the date of imprisonment.

Fine or Sentence, £ fine (payable within days) or

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 48

347

In respect of which sentence, the period allowed for payment o f2nd Sch. the said fine having expired and the said fine not having been —cont.

paid, warrant is hereby granted to officers of law to convey the accused to the prison of [place] and for the detention

of the accused therein until the fine is paid, but not exceeding days from the date of imprisonment.

Sentence, £ caution for good behaviour for six months (from Caution, date of conviction) or days' imprisonment.

In respect of which sentence warrant is hereby granted to officers of law to convey the accused to the prison of [place]

and for the detention of the accused therein until the said caution is found, but not exceeding days from the date of imprisonment

Sentence, £ fine or days' imprisonment

and

Fine and caution.

£ caution for good behaviour for months (from payment

of the fine or from the expiry of the period of imprisonment for non-payment) or days' imprisonment further.

In respect of which sentence warrant is hereby granted to officers of law to convey the accused to the prison of [place]

and for the detention of the accused therein until the said fine is paid and the said caution is found, the detention for non-payment of the said fine not exceeding days from the date of imprison-

ment, and the detention for failure to find the said caution not exceeding days further from payment of the fine or from

expiry of the term of imprisonment for non-payment thereof.

Sentence. Imprisonment days and £ caution for good Imprisonment

behaviour for months thereafter, or days' imprisonment caution.

In respect of which sentence warrant is hereby granted to officers of law to convey the accused to the the prison of [place] and for the detention of the accused therein for days from

the date of imprisonment and for his further detention thereafter until the said caution is found, but not exceeding days

further.

Sentence £ . fine payable within days or

days' imprisonment In respect of which sentence the accused, having surrendered himself to the court and stated that he prefers immediate imprisonment to waiting the expiration of the time allowed, warrant is hereby granted to officers of law to convey the accused to the prison of [place] and for the detention of the accused therein

until such fine is paid, but not exceeding days from the

date of imprisonment.

The necessary variations to meet different sentences will be made on this extract. An extract in this form shall be applicable either to sentence on a plea of guilty or on conviction. Where an extract is required for production as evidence of previous conviction, any particulars as to prior convictions may be set forth in a schedule annexed to the extract.

348 Ch. 48

Summary Jurisdiction 2 & 3 Eliz. I

(Scotland) Act, 1954

2nd Sch. PART VI

—cont.

Forms of Procedure in Appeals Stated Case In the Court of held at

Case for the opinion of the High Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh

In causa A.B. v. C.D.

This is a cause [here state concisely and without argument the nature of the cause and the facts if any admitted or proved in evidence, any objections to the admission or rejection of evidence taken in the proof, the grounds of the decision, and any other matten necessary to be stated for the information of the superior court.]

The question submitted for the opinion of the Court is:—

[Here state the question or questions seriatim, for the opinion cj the Court.]

This case is stated by me [or us].

(Signature of the Inferior Judge, or preses if more than two Judges.)

Minutes of Procedure

Edinburgh, January, 19 .—The said A.B. craves the

court to state a case for the opinion of the High Court of Justiciary.

A.B.,

or C.D., Solicitor for the said A.B.

Eo die the court fixes £ as the sum to be consigned by the appellant, and grants interim liberation without further caution.

Eo die £ consigned.

January, 19 .—Draft case sent to appellant and duplicate thereof to respondent

February, 19 .—Last date for receipt of adjustments.

March, 19 .—Case signed and sent to appellant and complaint and productions transmitted to clerk of justiciary.

Where Prosecutor consents to Conviction being set aside

January, 19 .—The prosecutor consents to the conviction in this case being set aside by the High Court in respect [set forth grounds on which consent given].

(To be signed by the prosecutor or his Solicitor.

January, 19 .—The Appellant intimated that he did not desire to be heard with reference to the above minute by the prosecutor.

Eo die case transmitted to clerk of justiciary.

The above Minutes of Procedure will, except where otherwise stated, be signed by the clerk of the court.

1954 Summary Jurisdiction Ch. 48

(Scotland) , 1954

THIRD SCHEDULE

Tablb of Pees

I .—To the Procurator-Fiscal or solicitor acting for a prosecutor other than the public prosecutor of a court.

£ s. .

Framing the complaint and whole proceedings prior to trial 0 7 6

Each copy of complaint for service 0 1 0

Attending a trial—

If plea of guilty 0 5 0

If proof led 0 7 6

If case adjourned for second diet 0 5 0

II.—Court or Clerk's Dues*

£ s. .

For each complaint 0 2 6

For whole proceedings at trial—

If plea of guilty 0 2 6

If proof led 0 5 0

Extract of any judgment, conviction, or order 0 10

Fee for preparing stated case I 10 0

£ s. .

To the bar officer for whole proceedings—

If plea of guilty 0 0 6 If proof led 0 10

in.—Officer's Fees

£ s. .

For serving each complaint and returning execution 0 16

For citing each witness 0 0 6

For apprehending a respondent or witness 0 2 6

For each hour the prisoner is necessarily in the custody of the officer beyond the first 0 10

In any case where a concurrent or assistant is required he will be allowed a sum equal to two-thirds of the fee payable to the officer for the same business.

In addition, necessary travelling expenses to be paid.

TV—Witnesses

Such reasonable fees and expenses as may be sanctioned by the court.

(•These fees do not apply to Sheriff Court proceedings regulated by Act of Sederunt]

349

Sections 53, 76.

350

Section 78.

Cfl. 48 Summary Jurisdiction 2 & 3 Eijz.2

(Scotland) , 1954

FOURTH SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

62 & 63 Vict. c.11. The Fine or Imprisonment (Scotland and Ireland) Act, 1899. The whole Act.

8 Edw. 7. c. 65. The Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908. The whole Act except the following provisions namely:—section one, section two (so far at necessary for the interpretatioo of section seventy-seven), section seventy-seven and the enactments mentioned in paragraph (4) thereof as they apply to procedure under indictment.

9 Edw. 7. c. 28. The Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, Amendment Act, 1909. The whole Act

4 *5 Geo. 5. c. 58. The Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914 The whole Act except the following provisions, namelysection twenty-seven (so far as relating to offences to be tried on indictment), subsection (3) of section twenty-eight and sob-section (1) of section forty-foor.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 48. The Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1938. Sections one to six; in section fourteen, subsection (2).

3&4 Geo. 6. c. 42. The Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1940. Sections nine and ten.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 94 The Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949. Section thirty-eight so far as relating to summary proceeding!. In section forty-one, subsection (2). Section forty-three. Sections forty-five to forty-nine. The Seventh Schedule so far as relating to summary proceed- mrw

mySi The Eleventh Schedule so far as relating to the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, or the Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914.

OOOO

1954

Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) Ac, 1954

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Ch. 48

351

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Heritable Jurisdictions (Scotland) Act, 1746

Night Poaching Act, 1828

Game (Scotland) Act, 1832

Small Debt (Scotland) Act, 1837

Betting Act, 1853

Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages

(Scotland) Act, 1854

Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854 ...

Poaching Prevention Act, 1862

Summary Procedure Act, 1864

Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1868 ... Prevention of Gaming (Scotland) Act, 1869

Dogs Act, 1871

Pedlars Act, 1871

Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871

Pawnbrokers Act, 1872

Explosives Act, 1875

Summary Prosecutions Appeals (Scotland) Act, 1875

Weights and Measures Act, 1878

Army Act

Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887 Regulation of Railways Act, 1889 Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1889 ...

Interpretation Act, 1889

Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act Amendment Act,

1890

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892 Courts of Law Fees (Scotland) Act, 1895 ...

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897

Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903

Dogs Act, 1906

Street Betting Act, 1906

Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908 Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912

Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1913

Road Transport Lighting Act, 1927 Food and Drugs (Adulteration) Act, 1928

Road Traffic Act, 1930

Children and Young Persons (Scotland) Act, 1937

Road Transport Lighting (Cycles) Act, 1945 ...

Statutory Instruments Act, 1946

Police (Scotland) Act, 1946

Education (Scotland) Act, 1946

Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 1949 Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949 ...

Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952

Pbst Office Act, 1953

20 Geo. 2 c. 43.

9 Geo. 4. c. 69.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 68. 7 Will. 4. c. 41.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 119.

17 & 18 17 & 18 25 & 26 27 & 28

31 &32

32 & 33 34 & 35 34 & 35

34 & 35

35 & 36 38 & 39 38 & 39 41 &42 44 & 45 50 & 51 52 & 53 52 & 53 52 & 53

Vict c. 80. Vict. c. 91. Vict. c. 114. Vict. c. 53. Vict. c. 123. Vict. c. 87. Vict. c. 56. Vict. c. 96. Vict. c. 112. Vict. c. 93. Vict. c. 17. Vict. c. 62. Vict. c. 49. Vict. c. 58. Vict. c. 35. Vict. c. 57. Vict. c. 23. Vict c. 63.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 10.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 55.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 14.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 38.

3 Edw. 7. c. 25.

6 Edw. 7. c. 32.

6 Edw. 7. c. 43.

8 Edw. 7. c. 65.

2 & 3 Geo. 5. c. 14.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 20.

17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. 37.

18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 31. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43.

1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6. c. 37.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 8.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 71.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 72.

12.13 & 14 Geo.6. c.33.

12.13 & 14 Geo.6. c.94. 15 & 16 Geo. 6.

1 Eliz. 2. c. 61.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 36.

352

Ch. 49

Long Leases ( 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

CHAPTER 49

Lo/ig Leases (Scotland) Act, 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Grant of Feu Right of Property Let under certain Long Leaks

General provisions relating to grant of feu right

Section

1. Lessee or sub-lessee under certain long leases may require landlord to

grant feu right

2. Lessee or sub-lessee deemed to be occupying lessee in certain circum-

stances.

3. Occupying lessee acquiring right on or after lOtb May, 1951, not

entitled to require grant of feu right.

4. Refusal of grant of feu right on ground of public interest

5. Power to certain landlords who have acquired property for occupation

as residence, etc., to apply to sheriff for declarator refusing grant of feu right

Notice requiring grant of feu right

6. Notice requiring grant of feu right

Payments to be made where feu right granted

7. Sums payable to landlord by occupying lessee in respect of feu right of

subjects let under lease with one hundred years or less unexpired.

8. Feu-duty payable in respect of feu right of subjects let underlease with

over one hundred years unexpired.

9. Payment to be made to intermediate landlord by occupying lessee on

grant of feu right.

10. Payments to creditors.

Conveyancing provisions

11. Feu contract to be entered into on grant of feu right.

12. Rights to minerals.

13. Execution of feu contract.

14. Provisions where lease or sub-lease assigned by ex facie absolute

assignation.

Continuation of certain leases and sub-leases

15. Continuation of leases and sub-leases expiring within five years after

commencement of Act.

16. Power to occupying lessee to exclude operation of s. 15.

17. Restriction on exercise of option to terminate lease or sub-lease.

Supplementary provisions

18. Rules for determining duration of lease or sub-lease.

19. Rules for determining rent payable under lease or sub-lease.

20. Apportionment of rent.

21. Provisions regarding securities.

22. Expenses to be borne by occupying lessee.

23. Provisions regarding notices, etc.

24. Provisions regarding heirs of entail, etc.

Interpretation of Part I

25. Interpretation of Part I.

Part II

Extension and Amendment of Registration of Leases (Scotland) Act, 1857

26. Extension of 20 & 21 Vict c. 26.

27. Amendment of s. 18 of 20 &21 Via. c. 26.

1954

Long Leases ( )

Act, 1954

Ch. 49

353

Part III General

Section

28. Applications to sheriff.

29. Application to Crown.

30. Construction of references to enactments.

31. Citation, commencement and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Form of notice to be given by an occupying lessee who desires the grant of a feu right under Part I of this Act Second Schedule—Determination of the appropriate amount in respect of casualties payable under a lease or a sub-lease.

Third Schedule—Table referred to in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section nine of this Act.

Fourth Schedule—Form of feu contract to be used in the grant of a feu right under Part I of this Act.

Fifth Schedule—Table referred to in paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) of section eighteen of this Act of the expectancy of life of an identifiable person in existence.

An Act to enable lessees and sub-lessees occupying residential property in Scotland under certain long leases to obtain a feu right of such property on certain conditions; to extend and amend the Registration of Leases (Scotland) Act, 1857; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[30th July, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Grant of Feu Right of Property Let under certain Long

Leases

General provisions relating to grant of feu right

1.—(1) Subject to the .provisions of this Part of this Act, where Lessee or any property is let under a lease granted before the tenth day sub-lessee of August, nineteen hundred and fourteen, for a period of not certaui less than fifty years, and such property or a .part thereof is require occupied as a private dwelling-house forming his usual residence landlord to by the lessee under such lease or by the sub-lessee under a sub- grant feu right, lease granted for a period of not less than fifty years, such lessee or sub-lessee so occupying (hereafter in this Part of this Act referred to as the " occupying lessee ") may give notice to the landlord under the lease requiring him to grant a feu right of the property or, where the occupying lessee is so occupying a part only of the property, of such part.

(2) Any notice under this section shall be given within five years after the commencement of this Act.

M

354

Part I —cowl.

Lessee or sub-lessee deemed to 1 be occupying lessee in certain

circumstances.

Ch. 49 Long Leases ( 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

(3) In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively: —

" landlord " means any person for the time being holding the interest of landlord under a lease;

" lease " means such a lease as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section and does not include a sub-lease;

" lessee " means any person for the time being holding the interest of lessee under a lease;

" sub-lease " means such a sub-lease as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section of the property let under a lease or of a part of such property; and

" sub-lessee " means any person for the time being holding the interest of lessee under a sub-lease.

(4) For the purposes of this Part of this Act,—

(a) where a lease or a sub-lease has been assigned by ex

facie absolute assignation, the person for the time being having the right of reversion in such lease or sub-lease shall be deemed to hold the interest of lessee thereunder;

(b) any garden, yard, garage, outhouse or pertinent belong-

ing to and occupied along with any dwelling-house shall be deemed to form part of such dwelling-house;

(c) a dwelling-house shall be deemed to be occupied as a

private dwelling-house notwithstanding that a part thereof is used as a shop or office or for business, track or professional purposes other than the sale of exdae-able liquor for consumption on the premises.

2. Where any property let under a lease or a sub-lease is occupied in whole or in part by any person as a private dwelling-house forming his usual residence and—

(a) the interest of lessee under such lease or sub-lease is held by the trustees of a trust in which the said person is beneficially interested; or

(h) the said interest is held by the trustees of any religious denomination and the said person occupies the property or such part thereof by virtue of his office as a minister or full-time lay missionary of that denomination; or

(c) die said interest is held iby a person who acquired it by inheritance and the person so occupying the property or such part thereof is a member of the family of the

1954 Long Leases (Scotland) Ch. 49

Act, 1954

lessee or sub-lessee from whom the said interest was so acquired and was residing with him in the property or such part thereof at the time of his death;

the trustees or the person who acquired the said interest by inheritance, as the oase may be, shall, for the purposes of this Part of this Act, be deemed to occupy the property or such part thereof as a private dwelling-house forming their usual residence and to be the occupying lessee.

3. An occupying lessee under any lease or sub-lease who Occupying acquired his interest thereunder, otherwise than by inheritance, lessee acquiring on or after the tenth day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-one, jjPj

shall not be entitled under this Part of this Act to require the j^ay, 195^ not grant of a feu right of any subjects let under such lease or sub- entitled to’ lease. require grant

of feu right

4. —(1) Where the interest of landlord under a lease belongs to Refusal of or is held for the purposes of a Government department and a swt of feu notice requiring the grant of a feu right of any subjects let under ^Ji^*round such lease is given under section one of this Act by an occupying interest, lessee, then if the Minister or Board in charge of any Government department certifies that it is not in file public interest

that a feu right of the said subjects should be granted under this Part of this Act and the landlord, within three months after the date of the said notice, sends to the occupying lessee a copy of such certificate, the occupying lessee shall not be entitled to the grant of such feu right

(2) Where the landlord under a lease is a local authority or a development corporation and a notice requiring the grant of a feu right of any subjects let under such lease is given under section one of this Act by an occupying lessee, the landlord may apply to the Secretary of State to a certificate that it is not in file public interest that a feu right of the said subjects should be granted under this Part of this Act, and, if the Secretary of State so certifies and the landlord, within three months after the date of the said notice, sends to file occupying lessee a copy of such certificate, the occupying lessee shall not be entitled to the grant of such feu right.

(3) In this section—

" development corporation " has the same meaning as in the New Towns Act, 1946;

" Government department " does not include the Commissioners of Crown Lands; and

" local authority " means a county council or a town council.

M2

355

Part 1 —camt.

356

Ch. 49

Long Leases (Scotland)

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Part 1

—com.

Power to certain

landlords who have acquired property for occupation as residence, etc., to apply to sheriff for declarator refusing grant of feu right.

5.—(1) Where the landlord under a lease acquired his interest thereunder during the period beginning with the first day of January, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and ending with the ninth day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-one, and a notice requiring the grant of a feu right of any subjects let under such lease is given under section one of this Act by an occupying lessee, the provisions of this section shall have effect.

(2) Such landlord may, within two months after the date of the notice referred to in the foregoing subsection, apply to the sheriff for a declarator that the occupying lessee is not entitled under this Part of this Act to the grant of a feu right of the said subjects and the sheriff shall pronounce such declarator if he is satisfied—

(a) that the landlord acquired his interest under the lease—

(i) for the purpose of occupying the subjects as a residence for himself; or

(ii) for the purpose of development involving demolition, alteration or reconstruction of the subjects or a substantial part thereof, being development for which permission under the enactments relating to town and country planning has been granted, or is deemed to have been granted, or is not required; and

(b) that, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, greater hardship would be caused to the landlord if a feu right of the subjects were granted than would be caused to the occupying lessee if it were not granted.

(3) In determining whether greater hardship would be caused if a feu right of the said subjects were granted than if it were not granted, the sheriff shall (without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection)—

(a) have regard to the considerations that, if he pronounces

a declarator under this section, the occupying lessee will not be entitled under this Part of this Act to the grant of a feu right of the subjects, and that no provision is made in this Act for payment to the occupying lessee of compensation in that event; and

(b) disregard the fact that, if he refuses to pronounce such

declarator and a feu right of the subjects is granted under this Part of this Act, such feu right will be granted on the financial terms set out in sections seven to nine of this Act.

1954 Long Leases (Scotland) Ch. 49

Act, 1954

Notice requiring grant of feu right

6.—(1) Any notice under section one of this Act shall be in writing, shall be in, or as nearly as may be in, the form set out in the First Schedule to this Act, and shall be signed by the occupying lessee or his solicitor.

(2) Where an occupying lessee who is a sub-lessee gives such a notice to the landlord, he shall at the same time send a copy thereof to each intermediate landlord.

(3) In this Part of this Act, the expression " intermediate landlord " means, where an occupying lessee is a sub-lessee, any person for the time being holding the interest of landlord under a sub-lease which comprises the property of which the occupying lessee is sub-lessee.

Payments to be made where feu right granted

7.—(1) Where a feu right of any subjects is to be granted under this Part of this Act by the landlord under a lease the unexpired period of which at the date of the notice given under section one of this Act by the occupying lessee does not exceed one hundred years, there shall be payable to the landlord by the occupying lessee in respect of the feu right—

(a) an amount calculated in accordance with the provisions of the next following subsection and payable—

(i) wholly by way of a lump sum; or

(ii) wholly by way of an annual sum which shall be equal to one-twentieth of the said amount and shall form part of the feu-duty hereinafter mentioned; or

(iii) as to a part thereof, by way of a lump sum. and as to the remaining part thereof, by way of an annual sum which shall be equal to one-twentieth of such remaining part and shall form part of the feu-duty hereinafter mentioned;

as may be determined by agreement between the parties and, in default of such agreement, one half of the said amount shall be payable by way of a lump sum and one half by way of an annual sum;

(b) a feu-duty equal to the aggregate of the following sums:—

(i) a sum equal to the rent payable under the lease or the proportion of such rent attributable to the subjects to be comprised in the feu right, as the case may be; and

357

Part I

—com. Notice

requiring grant of feu right.

Sums payable to landlord by occupying lessee in respect of feu right of subjects let under lease with one hundred years or less unexpired.

358

Ch^49

Long Leases

Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Part 1

conI.

(ii) a sum in respect of the casualties (if any) payable under the lease equal to one-twentieth of the appropriate amount determined in accordance with the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act; and

(iii) any annual sum payable as provided in paragraph (a) of this subsection.

(2) The amount referred to in paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection shall be such amount as would, with compound interest at five per centum per annum with yearly rests for the period of the lease which is unexpired at the date of the notice referred to in the said subsection, produce at the end of the said period a sum equal to the value, as determined in accordance with the provisions of the next following subsection, of the subjects to be comprised in the feu right.

Where the unexpired period of any lease is less than thirty years at the commencement of this Act, then for the purposes of this subsection such lease shall be deemed to expire on a date thirty years after such commencement

(3) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection, the value of the subjects shall be determined by agreement between the parties or, in default of such agreement, by a valuer agreed by the parties or, in case of dispute, appointed by the sheriff, and—

(a) such value shall be estimated as if the lease had expired

at the commencement of this Act and the subjects were being sold in the open market at such commencement with vacant possession and subject to a feu-duty equal to the rent payable under the lease or the proportion of such rent attributable to the subjects, as the case may be; and

(b) if the lease contains a stipulation for payment of com-

pensation by the landlord on the termination thereof, then in estimating such value account shall be taken of such compensation as if the lease had expired at the commencement of this Act.

(4) Any lump sum payable under subsection (1) of this section shall bear interest at the rate of five per centum per annum from the date of entry under the feu right until paid.

FcUabte in Where a feu right of any subjects is to be granted under

respect of feu this Part of this Act by the landlord under a lease the unexpired right of subjects period of which at the date of the notice given under section withwwonT onc °* ^is Act ty the occupying lessee exceeds one hundred hundred years years, there shall be payable in respect of the feu right a feu-duty unexpired. equal to the aggregate of the following two sums: —

(a) a sum equal to the rent payable under the lease or the proportion of such rent attributable to the subjects to be comprised in the feu right, as the case may be; and

1954

Long Leases (Scotland)

Act, 1954

Ch. 49

359

(b) a sum in respect of the casualties (if any) payable under Part I the lease equal to one-twentieth of the appropriate —com. amount determined in accordance with die provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act.

9.—(1) Where a feu right of any subjects is to be granted under Payment to this Part of this Act on the requirement of an occupying lessee be made to who is a sub-lessee, there shall be paid to each intermediate landlord by the occupying lessee— occupying5"

(a) a sum equal to the capital value, at the date of the on notice given under section one of this Act by the S2?offcu occupying lessee, of any amount by which the rent"8"1* payable to the intermediate landlord or the proportion of such rent attributable to the subjects to be comprised in the feu right, as the case may be, exceeds the rent payable by him or the proportion of such rent attributable to the said subjects, as the case may be, receivable annually for the unexpired period, at the date of the said notice, of the sub-lease under which the intermediate landlord holds the interest of landlord.

such capital value being calculated in accordance with the table set out in the Third Schedule to this Act; and

(b) any sum by which the appropriate amount determined in accordance with the provisions of the Seoond Schedule to this Act in respect of the casualties (if any) payable to the intermediate landlord exceeds the appropriate amount determined in accordance with the provisions of the said Schedule in respect of the casualties (if any) payable by him.

(2) Any sums payable under this section shall bear interest at the rate of five per centum per annum from the date of entry under the feu right until paid.

10«—(1) Any lump sum received under subsection (1) of Payments to section seven of this Act by a landlord shall be paid by him to credit0f8 the creditors in right of any heritable securities burdening his interest in the subjects comprised in the feu right according to the rights and preferences of such creditors, and shall be applied in extinction or reduction of the debts secured by the said securities:

Provided that the landlord and the creditor in right of any such security may agree that any amount which the landlord is liable to pay to the said creditor under this subsection shall not be so paid, or that a part only of such amount shall be so paid.

(2) Any sums received under the last foregoing section by an intermediate landlord shall be paid by him to die creditors in right of any securities which immediately before the grant of the

<^»

360

Part I

—COM.

Feu contract to be entered into on grant of feu right.

Rights to minerals.

Ch. 49 Long Leases (Scotland) 2 & 3 2

Act, 1954

feu right burdened his interest as intermediate landlord according to the rights and preferences of such creditors, and shall be applied in extinction or reduction of the debts secured by the said securities:

Provided that the intermediate landlord and the creditor in right of any such security may agree that any amount which the intermediate landlord is liable to pay to the said creditor under this subsection shall not be so paid, or that a part only of such amount shall be so paid.

Conveyancing provisions

11. Where a feu right is to be granted under this Part of this Act of any subjects let under a lease, a feu contract shall be entered into which shall be in, or as nearly as may be in, the form set out in the Fourth Schedule to this Act, and in particular—

(a) shall dispone the subjects subject to the conditions and restrictions specified in the lease in so far as they affect the subjects, are still subsisting and applicable and have not been implemented, departed from or discharged, and to such other conditions and restrictions, bring reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, as may be determined by agreement between the parties or. in default of such agreement, by the sheriff:

Provided that where the trustees of any religious denomination are the occupying lessee, there shall not without their consent be included in the feu contract a condition restricting the use of the subjects to use as a dwelling-house by a minister or full-time lay missionary of a religious denomination;

(b) shall contain a renunciation by the occupying lessee

of the lease or sub-lease, as the case may be, under which he holds the interest of lessee, to the extent fiat such lease or sub-lease relates to the subjects; and

(c) where the occupying lessee is a sub-lessee, shall contain a renunciation by each intermediate landlord of the lease or sub-lease, as the case may be, under which sod) intermediate landlord holds the interest of lessee, to the extent that such lease or sub-lease relates to the subjects.

12. Where a feu right is to be granted under this Part of fins Act of any subjects let under a lease, then unless the parties otherwise agree—

(a) if the minerals in the subjects are included in the lease, the said minerals shall be included in the feu right;

1954 Long Leases (Scotland) Ch. 49

Act, 1954

(b) If the said minerals are in terms of the lease expressly

reserved to the landlord, they shall be reserved to the superior with such right to work the same, and subject to payment to the vassal of such compensation for surface damage, as is provided in the lease;

(c) if the said minerals are not in terms of the lease expressly

reserved to the landlord, they shall be reserved to the superior with right to work the same (but without entering on the surface of the ground) subject to payment to the vassal of such compensation for surface damage as in default of agreement may be determined by arbitration;

and the feu contract disponing the subjects shall contain an appropriate clause relating to minerals:

Provided that this section shall not have effect in relation to coal or other minerals vested in the National Coal Board by virtue of the provisions of the Coal Industry Nationalisation Act, 1946.

15.—(1) The feu contract to be entered into on the grant of a Execution of feu right under this Part of this Act shall be signed by the land- fou contract lord, the occupying lessee and, where the occupying lessee is a sub-lessee, each intermediate landlord.

(2) Where the landlord or any intermediate landlord fails to sign a feu contract as provided in the foregoing subsection within two months after he has been called upon to do so, the occupying lessee may present an application to the sheriff craving him to ordain such landlord or intermediate landlord, as the case may be, to sign the feu contract within such period as to the sheriff shall seem reasonable, and, if the landlord or intermediate landlord fails to sign the feu contract as so ordained, the sheriff may make an order dispensing with the signature to the feu contract of such landlord or intermediate landlord and directing the sheriff clerk to sign the feu contract on behalf of such landlord or intermediate landlord.

(3) Where an intermediate landlord is unknown or cannot be found, the occupying lessee may apply to the sheriff for an order dispensing with the signature to die feu contract of such intermediate landlord and directing the sheriff clerk to sign the feu contract on behalf of such intermediate landlord, and on making such an order the sheriff may, if he thinks fit, require the occupying lessee to consign in court any sums payable under section nine of this Act by him to such intermediate landlord.

(4) Where in pursuance of an order made by the sheriff under this section a feu contract is signed by the sheriff clerk on behalf

M*

361

Part I —cant.

362

Ch. 49

Long Leases ( )

Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Part I

—cont.

Provisions where lease or sub-lease assigned by ex facie absolute assignation.

Continuation of leases and sub-leases expiring within five years after commencement of Act.

of a landlord or an intermediate landlord, such feu contract shall have the like force and effect as if it had been signed by such landlord or intermediate landlord, as the case may be.

14. Where a feu right of any subjects is to be granted under this part of this Act and the lease or sub-lease under which die occupying lessee holds the interest of lessee has been assigned by ex facie absolute assignation—

(a) the feu contract to be entered into in accordance with

the provisions of section eleven of this Act shall dispone the subjects to the occupying lessee;

(b) the renunciation referred to in paragraph (b) of the said

section eleven shall be granted by the occupying lessee and the person for the time being in right of the said assignation (hereafter in this section referred to as M the assignee ") for their respective interests in the lease or sub-lease to the extent that the lease or sub-lease relates to the subjects;

(c) the feu contract shall be signed also by the assignee and,

where the assignee fails to sign the feu contract within two months after he has been called upon to do so, the provisions of subsections (2) and (4) of the last foregoing section shall apply as if the assignee were the landlord or an intermediate landlord;

() the occupying lessee shall forthwith dispone the subjects

to the assignee by an ex facie absolute disposition which shall be recorded in the Register of Sasines along with the feu contract.

Continuation of certain leases and sub-leases

15.—(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following section, where the ish of any lease or sub-lease falls within the period of five years beginning with the commencement of this Act and immediately before the ish the interest of lessee undo such lease or sub-lease is held by an occupying lessee, not being an occupying lessee who acquired the said interest (otherwise than by inheritance) on or after the tenth day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-one, the lease or sub-lease, as the case may be, shall, to the extent that it relates to the subjects occupied by the occupying lessee as a (private dwelling-house forming his usual residence, have effect as if for the ish there were substituted the term of Whitsunday, nineteen hundred and sixty.

(2) In this and the next following section any reference to an ish shall, in relation to a lease or a sub-lease continued by virtue of the Long Leases (Temporary Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1951. as extended by the Leasehold Property Act and Long Leases

1954

Long Leases ( )

Act, 1954

Ch. 49

363

(Scotland) Act Extension Act, 1953, be construed as a reference Part I to the date to which such lease or sub-lease has at the com- —earns,

mencement of this Act been so continued.

16. —(1) Where the occupying lessee under any lease or sub- Power to lease gives to the person holding the interest of landlord under ?ccupying such lease or sub-lease, not later than forty days before the ish,

notice in writing that he does not desire that the lease or sub- operation lease, as the case may be, shall be continued under the last of s. 15. foregoing section, that section shall not have effect regarding the lease or sub-lease.

(2) Where any lease or sub-lease has been continued under the last foregoing section and the occupying lessee gives to the person holding the interest of landlord under such lease or sublease notice in writing that he desires that the said section shall do longer apply to the lease or sub-lease, as the case may be, the lease or sub-lease shall come to an end on such date, not earlier than forty days after the date of the said notice, as may be specified therein.

17. Where the person holding the interest of landlord Restriction on under any lease or sub-lease has an option thereunder to ter- oSfoluo minate such lease or sub-lease on a date falling within the period terminate

of five years beginning with the commencement of this Act and lease or immediately before the said date the interest of lessee under sub-lease, the lease or sub-lease is held by an occupying lessee, not being an occupying lessee who acquired the said interest (otherwise than by inheritance) on or after the tenth day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-one, the lease or sub-lease, as the case may be, shall, to the extent that it relates to the subjects occupied by die occupying lessee as a private dwelling-house forming his usual residence, have effect as if the said option were an option to terminate the lease or sub-lease at the term of Whitsunday, nineteen hundred and sixty.

Supplementary provisions

18*—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the following Rules for rules shall apply in determining the duration of any lease or determining

«M—:- ssrof

(a) where the lease or sub-lease contains an obligation upon sub-lease, the person holding the interest of landlord thereunder to renew the same from time to time at fixed periods or upon the termination of a life or lives, the lease or sub-lease, as the case may be, shall be deemed to endure for the full period to which the obligation to renew applies;

364

Ch. 49

Long Leases ( )

Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Part I (6) where the duration of the lease or sub-lease is wholly

—com. or partly dependent upon die endurance of a life or

fives, then—

(i) in the case of the life of a .person no longer in existence, regard shall be had to the period for which such life existed or, if such period cannot be ascertained, the endurance of such life shall be deemed to be thirty-five years;

(ii)in the case of the life of an identifiable person in existence, the expectancy of life of such person shall be determined in accordance with the table set out in the Fifth Schedule to this Act;

(iii) in the case of the life of a person not yet in existence or not identifiable, the endurance of such life shall be deemed to be thirty-five years;

(c) where the person holding the interest of landlord under the lease or sub-lease has an option thereunder to terminate such lease or sub-lease on a date hilling after the commencement of this Act, the lease or sub-lease, as the case may be, shall be deemed to expire on sucfe date or, where there is more than one such date, on die first such date.

(2) For the purposes of section one of this Act, in determining the duration of any lease or sub-lease, regard shall not be had to the application (if any) to the lease or sub-lease of the Long Leases (Temporary Provisions) (Soot-land) Act, 1951, as extended by the Leasehold Property Act and Long Leases (Scotland) Act Extension Act, 1953, or of sections fifteen or seventeen of this Act.

Rules for determining rent payable under lease or sub-lease.

19. For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the following rules shall apply in determining the rent payable under any lease or sub-lease: —

(a) where the rent or a proportion thereof is payable in grain or other fungible or falls to be ascertained by reference to the price or value of grain or other fungible or otherwise than from the expression of the amount thereof in sterling money, the amount of such rent or of such proportion, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be equal to a sum in sterling money representing the average value, during the period of ten yean immediately preceding the date of the notice given under section one of this Act by the occupying lessee, of the grain or other fungible delivered or deliverable or of the sum paid or payable in respect of such grain or other fungible;

1954

Long Leases (Scotland)

Act, 1954

Ch. 49

365

(b) where lawful services or other duties of an annually Part I recurring nature are stipulated for in the lease or —com. sub-lease, the annual value of such services or duties in sterling money as the same shall be determined by agreement between the parties or, in default of such agreement, by the sheriff, shall be deemed to be the rent payable under the lease or sub-lease, or shall be added to any rent payable otherwise under the lease or sublease, as the case may be:

Provided that where such services or duties have not been exacted or insisted on within the period of ten years immediately preceding the seventeenth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, no account shall be taken thereof.

20. Where for the purposes of this Part of this Act it is neces- Apportion-sary to apportion the rent payable under any lease or sub- meet of rent, lease between two or more parts of the property let under such

lease or sub-lease, the apportionment shall be made by agreement amongst the parties concerned or, in default of such agreement, by the sheriff.

21. —(1) Where a feu right of any subjects is granted under Provisions this Part of this Act, any bond and assignation in security or regarding other security (not being a security constituted by ex facie securities, absolute assignation) which immediately prior to such grant burdened the interest of the occupying lessee shall, as from the appropriate date determined in accordance with the provisions

of the next following subsection, have effect in relation to the said subjects as if it had been duly completed in accordance with the appropriate form usually employed in such cases for burdening property held in feu farm of a superior and shall burden the dominium utile of the subjects accordingly.

(2) The appropriate date for the purposes of the foregoing subsection shall be—

(a) where the bond and assignation in security or other security has been recorded in the Register of Sasines before the date of the feu contract disponing the subjects, the date of the said feu contract;

(b) where the bond and assignation in security or other security has not been so recorded before die date of the said feu contract, the date of recording such bond and assignation in security or other security in the Register of Sasines.

(3) Any securities which by virtue of this section burden the dominium utile of any subjects and any ex facie absolute disposition of those subjects granted in accordance with the provisions

366

Ch. 49

Long Leases (Scotland)

Act, 1954

2&3Euz.2

Part I

—com.

Expenses to be borne by occupying lessee.

Provisions regarding notices, etc.

of paragraph id) of section fourteen of this Act shall be entitled to the same preferences inter seas if a feu right of those subjects had not been granted, and the creditors in right of securities which by virtue of this section burden the dominium utile of any subjects shall, in regard to the said subjects, be entitled to all (be remedies competent to creditors holding corresponding securities over property held in feu farm for recovery of the sums due to them.

(4) Where a feu right of any subjects is granted under this Part of this Act, any bond and disposition in security or other heritable security which immediately prior to such grant burdened the interest of the landlord in the said subjects shall, as from the date of the feu contract disponing the subjects, burden only the superiority and not the dominium utile thereof, and the creditors in right of such securities shall, in regard to the said subjects, be entitled to all the remedies competent to creditors holding corresponding securities over an estate of superiority for recovery of the sums due to them.

(5) Where a feu right of any subjects is granted under this Part of this Act, any securities which immediately prior to such grant burdened the interest of an intermediate landlord shall on the date of the feu contract disponing the said subjects, cease to burden such interest to the extent that such interest relates to the subjects and shall not burden or affect those subjects, but save as aforesaid such securities shall continue in full force and effect.

(6) Any reference in this section to the date of a feu contract shall, in relation to a feu contract executed on more than one date, be construed as a reference to the date on which such in contract was last executed.

22. The expenses of any valuation carried out under subsection (3) of section seven of this Act and the expenses of the preparation and execution of a feu contract or an ex facie absolute disposition under this Part of this Act, including the stamp duty payable thereon and the dues of recording the same, shall be borne by the occupying lessee.

23. —(1) Any notice or other document required or authorised by this Part of this Act to be given or sent to any person shall be sent by post in a registered letter addressed—

(a) to the said person; or

(b) where the said person is a landlord or an intermediate

landlord, either to him or to the person to whom die rent under the lease or sub-lease, as the case may be, is in use to be paid; or

1954

Long Leases (Scotland)

Act, 1954

Ch. 49

367

(c) where the said person, being an intermediate landlord, Part f is unknown or cannot be found and no rent is being paid —cont. under the sub-lease, to the Extractor of the Court of Session; or

() where the said person is a local authority, development

corporation, or an incorporated company or body, to the clerk, secretary or other proper officer of such authority, corporation, company or body.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the proper address of any person to whom any such notice or document is to be given or sent shall, in the case of the clerk, secretary or other proper officer of a local authority, development corporation, or an incorporated company or body, be that of the principal or registered office of such authority, corporation, company or body, and in any other case shall be the last known address of the person in question.

(3) A copy of any such notice or document bearing a certificate of the due posting thereof signed by the person giving the notice or sending the document or by his solicitor, together with a post office receipt for the registered letter containing the notice or document, shall be sufficient evidence that the notice was duly given or that the document was duly sent, as the case may be, to the person to whom such registered letter was addressed at the address specified therein on the date mentioned in such receipt, which date shall be deemed to be the date of the notice or of the sending of the document, as the case may be.

(4) Any such notice or document shall be effectually given or sent notwithstanding that the person to whom it is required or authorised to be given or sent is in pupilarity or minority or otherwise subject to any legal incapacity at the date of the notice or at the date of the sending of the document, as the case may be.

24. It shall be lawful for all heirs of entail, trustees, judicial Pravfj"on# factors, tutors and curators, notwithstanding any limitations in their titles, to exercise all powers conferred by this Part of this OI Act and to execute, register and carry into effect all deeds required to render such powers fully operative, and such deeds shall be binding upon all persons whomsoever interested in the property to which such deeds relate.

Interpretation of Part I

25. In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise Interpretation requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby of Part I. assigned to them respectively: —

" by inheritance " means as a beneficiary under a will or intestacy or as donee under a mortis causa donation;

" casualty " means any grassum, duplicand or other periodical or casual payment stipulated in a lease or a sub-lease to be payable in addition to the annual rent;

368

Ch. 49

Long Leases (Scotland)

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Elk. 2

Part I

—cont.

Extension of 20 & 21 Vict, c. 26.

"heritable securities" and "securities" have the same meaning as in the Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1924, except that they include securities constituted by ex facie absolute disposition or assignation;

" intermediate landlord " has the meaning assigned to it by section six of this Act;

" landlord " has the meaning assigned to it by section one of this Act;

" lease " has the meaning assigned to it by section one of this Act;

" lessee " has the meaning assigned to it by section one of this Act;

"occupying lessee" has the meaning assigned to it by section one of this Act;

" rent " includes rent, tack duty, or other services or prestations to be made under a lease or a sub-lease to the person holding the interest of landlord thereunder;

" sub-lease " has the meaning assigned to it by section one of this Act; and

" sub-lessee " has the meaning assigned to it by section one of this Act.

Part II

Extension and Amendment of Registration of Leasbs (Scotland) Act, 1857

26,—(1) Where a lease registrable under the Registration of Leases (Scotland) Act, 1857, has not been recorded in the Register of Sasines and cannot be found, it shall be lawful to record a copy of such lease in the Register of Sasines under the said Act as if it were the lease if there is endorsed on such copy and recorded therewith a probative declaration signed by the landlord and lessee for the tune being and containing—

(a) a statement that the lease cannot be found and that the

copy is a true copy of the lease; and

(b) the names and designations of the said landlord and

lessee (unless such names and designations are set forth in the copy).

(2) Where the landlord fails to sign a declaration as provided in the foregoing subsection within two months after he has been called upon to do so, the lessee may present an application to the sheriff craving him to ordain the landlord to sign the declaration within such period as to the sheriff shall seem reasonable; and, if the landlord fails to sign the declaration as so ordained,

1954 Long Leases ( ScotlandCh. 49

Act, 1954

the sheriff may make an order dispensing with the signature to the declaration of the landlord and directing the sheriff clerk Co sign the declaration on behalf of the landlord.

(3) Where in pursuance of an order made by the sheriff under this section a declaration is signed by the sheriff clerk on behalf of a landlord, such declaration shall have the like force and effect as if it had been signed by such landlord.

(4) Where in pursuance of this section a copy of any lease has been recorded in the Register of Sasines, such lease shall be deemed to have been so recorded on the date of the recording of the said copy.

27.—(1) Notwithstanding the provisions of section eighteen Amendment of the Registration of Leases (Scotland) Act, 1857, (which pro- 21 tides that except as mentioned therein, no lease of lands and Vict*

heritages shall be held to be registrable under that Act unless c‘ the name of the lands of which the subjects let consist or form a part is set forth in such lease and unless the extent of the land let is set forth in such lease and does not exceed fifty acres), no lease shall be held not to be registrable under the said Act by reason only that the name of the lands of which the subjects let consist or form a part is not set forth in such lease or by reason only that the extent of the land let is not set forth in such lease, if there is set forth in such lease a particular description of the subjects let under the lease or a description by reference of the said subjects in accordance with the provisions of the Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1874, and the Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1924, and there is endorsed on such lease and recorded therewith a probative declaration signed by the landlord and lessee for the time being stating that the extent of the land let does not exceed fifty acres.

(2) A lease recorded in the Register of Sasines under the said Act of 1857 before the commencement of this Act shall not be held to have been invalidly recorded by reason only that the name of the lands of which the subjects let consist or form a part is not set forth in such lease or by reason only that the extent of the land let is not set forth in such lease, if there is set forth in such lease a particular description of the subjects let under the lease or a description by reference of the said subjects in accordance with the provisions of the Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1874, and the Conveyancing (Scotland)

Act, 1924, but any deed relating to the land let under the lease or to any part of such land may be recorded in the Register of Sasines after the commencement of this Act if and only if—

(a) such deed contains a declaration that the extent of the land let under the lease does not exceed fifty acres; or

369

Past n —cont.

370

Part II —ami.

Applications to sheriff.

Application to Crown.

Construction of references I enactments.

Citation, commencement and extent.

Ch. 49 Long Leases (i 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

(b) a deed relating to the land let under the lease or to such part thereof, as the case may be, has been recorded in the Register of Sasines after the commencement of this Act in pursuance of this subsection.

Part III General

28.—(1) Any dispute arising out of the provisions of this Act shall be referred to the sheriff and determined by him.

(2) The decision of the sheriff in any application made to him under this or any other section of this Act shall be final and not subject to review.

(3) The sheriff may in any such application make such award of expenses as he thinks proper, or may make no award of expenses.

(4) Any such application shall be conducted and disposed of in a summary manner.

(5) In this Act any reference to the sheriff shall, in relation to any lease or sub-lease, be construed as a reference to the sheriff within whose jurisdiction the property let under such lease or sub-lease, or any part of such property, is situated.

29. This Act shall, subject to the provisions of section four thereof, apply where there is an interest belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or to a Government department or held on behalf of Her Majesty for the purposes of a Government department in like manner as where no such interest subsists.

30. Any reference in this Act to any previous enactment shall, except in so far as the contrary intention appears, be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended, extended or applied by any subsequent enactment, including this Act.

31.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Long Leases (Scotland) Act, 1954.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of September, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

(3) This Act shall apply to Scotland only.

1954

Long Leases (

Act, 1954

Ch. 49

371

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Form of Notice to be given by an Occupying Lessee who desirbs tub Grant of a Feu Right under Part I of this Act

(1)

Take notice that A.B. (2) as lessee (or sub-lessee, as the case may be) of (3)

under lease (or sub-lease) entered into between and dated

and recorded (if recorded)

(4) requires you to grant a feu right of the said subjects in accordance with the provisions of the Long Leases (Scotland) Act, 1954.

Dated this day of , 19

(Signed) A.B.

or

C.D., W.., Edinburgh,

Solicitor for the said A.B.

or

E. & F., W.., Edinburgh, Solicitors for the said A.B.

(or as the case may be)

Notes

(1) To be addressed to the landlord or to the person to whom the rent under the lease is in use to be paid.

(2) Name and design the occupying lessee.

(3) Describe here the subjects of which a feu right is required by usual name or short description sufficient for identification.

(4) Where the occupying lessee is a sub-lessee, add here—" which subjects form the whole (or part, as the case may be) of the property let under a lease entered into between

and dated

and recorded (if recorded)

Sections 1,6.

372

Section* 7, 8,

9.

Ch. 49 Long Leases 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

SECOND SCHEDULE

Determination of the Appropriate Amount in respbct of Casualties Payable under a Lease or a Sub-Lease

1. The appropriate amount in respect of the casualties payable under any lease or sub-lease shall be—

(a) such sum as may be determined by agreement between the landlord or intermediate landlord, as the case may be, and the occupying lessee; or

(b) in default of such agreement,—

(i) where casualties are exigible only on the death of the person holding the interest of lessee under the lease or sub-lease, a sum equal to the highest casualty or, if a feu right is to be granted of a part only of the property let under the lease or sub-lease, the proportion of such casualty attributable to the subjects to be comprised in the feu right:

Provided that if at the date of the notice given under section one of this Act by the occupying lessee and after payment of any casualty which may then be exigible the state of the title is such that the next casualty may be that payable on the entry or succession of an heir, and the amount of the casualty payable by an heir is less than the amount which would be payable on the entry of a singular successor, the said sum shall be subject to an abatement of one half;

(ii) where casualties are exigible on the occasion of each transfer of the lease or sub-lease as well as on the death of the person holding the interest of lessee under the lease or sub-lease, a sum equal to one and two-thirds times the highest casualty or one and two-thirds times the proportion of such casualty attributable to the subjects to be comprised in the feu right, as the case may be:

Provided that if at the date of the said notice and after payment of any casualty which may then be exigible the state of the title is such that the next casualty may be that payable on the entry or succession of an heir, and the amount of the casualty payable by an heir is less than the amount which would be payable on the entry of a singular successor, the said sum shall be subject to an abatement of two-fifths;

(iii) where casualties are payable at fixed and regularly recurring intervals, such sum as will, with the addition of simple interest at the rate of five per centum per annum, produce on the next recurrence of the fixed interval a sum representing twenty-five times the highest casualty or twenty-five times the proportion of such casualty attributable to the subjects to be comprised in the feu right, as the case may be, divided by the number of years constituting such interval.

1954 Long Leases (Ch. 49

Act, 1954

2. The appropriate amount determined under the foregoing paragraph shall be in respect only of casualties payable under the lease or sub-lease subsequent to the date of the notice referred to in that paragraph, and the appropriate amount shall be fixed as at the said date.

~ 3. Where for the purposes of this Schedule it is necessary to apportion any casualty payable under a lease or a sub-lease between two or more parts of the property let under such lease or sub-lease, the apportionment shall be made by agreement amongst the parties concerned or, in default of such agreement, by the sheriff.

THIRD SCHEDULE

Table referred to in Paragraph (a) of Subsection (1) of Section

Nine of this Act

Unexpired Period of Sub-lease Capital Value of £1 per annum Unexpired Period of Sub-lease Capital Value of £1 per annum

Years £ s. Years £ s.

1 _ 19 31 15 12

2 1 17 32 15 16

3 2 14 33 16 0

4 3 11 34 16 4

5 4 7 35 16 7

6 5 2 36 16 11

7 5 16 37 16 14

8 6 9 38 16 17

9 7 2 39 17 0

10 7 14 40 17 3

11 8 6 41 17 6

12 8 17 42 17 8

13 9 8 43 17 11

14 9 18 44 17 13

15 10 8 45 17 15

16 10 17 46 17 18

17 11 5 47 18 0

18 11 14 48 18 2

19 12 2 49 18 3

20 12 9 50 18 5

21 12 16 51-55 18 10

22 13 3 56-60 18 16

23 13 10 61-65 19 2

24 13 16 66-70 19 6

25 14 2 71-75 19 9

26 14 8 76-80 19 11

27 14 13 81-85 19 13

28 14 18 86-90 19 15

29 15 3 91-95 19 16

30 15 7 96 and over 19 17

373

2nd Sch. —con/.

Section 9.

<^»

374

Ch. 49

Long Leases (Scotland)

Act, 1954

2 & 3 ELiz. 2

Sections li, 12, FOURTH SCHEDULE

13, 14.

Form of Feu Contract to bb used in the Grant of a Feu Right under Part I of this Act

It is contracted and agreed between the parties following, viz:-A.B. (designation) heritable proprietor of the subjects hereinafter feued ON THE ONE PART and C.D. (designation) ON THE OTHER PART in manner following, that is to say:—WHEREAS the said subjects are the subjects (or a part of the property, as the case may be,) let by lease granted by E.F. (designation) in favour of G.H. (designation) dated and recorded (if recorded)

which lease (add, if necessary, but only to the extent that it relates to the subjects hereinafter feued) is hereby renounced by the said C.D. as from the date of entry aftermentioned; and WHEREAS a feu right of the said subjects is hereinafter granted in accordance with the provisions of the Long Leases (Scotland) Act, 1954, and (when applicable) the sum of £ is to be paid to the said Ai.

by the said C.D. by way of a lump sum under subsection (1) of section seven of the said Act; THEREFORE the said A.B., in consideration of the payment of the said sum of £ (the receipt of which

is hereby acknowledged by the said A.B.) and of the feu-doty and other prestations hereinafter mentioned, hereby in feu farm dispones to the said C.D. and his heirs and assignees whomsoever heritably and irredeemably All and Whole (here insert description of subjects feued and include a clause relating to minerals in accordance with section twelve of this Act); But always with and under the reservations, real burdens, conditions, provisions, restrictions, obligations and others following, viz:—(here insert conditions and restrictions specified m the lease in so far as they affect the subjects, are still subsisting and applicable and have not been implemented, departed from or discharged, and such other conditions and restrictions as have been agreement between the parties or, in default of such agreement, by die sheriff); And it is declared that all the reservations, burdens, conditions and others hereinbefore contained shall constitute real burdens on the subjects hereby feued and on all buildings erected or to be erected thereon, and it is directed that the same and the irritant and resolutive clauses hereinafter written shall be contained at full length in the infeftment to follow hereon and shall be imported in terms of law in all future transmissions and other writs of or relating to the feu or buildings or any part thereof but subject to section nine of the Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1924; And it is further declared that in the event of any contravention of or failure to fulfil the feuing conditions or the foregoing direction all acts and deeds of contravention shall be void and the said C.D. and his foresaids shall forfeit all right to the feu and buildings which shall revert and fall to the said A.B. or his heirs or successes free from all burdens as if these presents had never been granted; With entry at (here insert date of notice given under section one of this Act by the occupying lessee or such other date as may be agreed between the parties); To be holden of and under the said A.B. and

1954

Long Leases (

Act, 1954

Ch. 49

375

his heirs and successors as immediate superiors in feu farm fee and heritage for ever paying therefor the sum of £ yearly in name of feu-duty and that at two terms in the year (or, as the case may be, stating the terms at which the feu-duty is to be paid), beginning the first term's payment at the term of for the period preceding and the next at the term of following and

so forth half-yearly thereafter in all time coming, (here insert provisions as to penalty and interest)’, (here insert clauses of assignation of writs and rents, obligation of relief and warrandice normal to a feu contract)’, FOR WHICH CAUSES AND ON THE OTHER PART the said C.D. binds himself and his heirs, executors and representatives whomsoever to pay to the said A.B. and his foresaids the said sum of feu-duty at the respective terms of payment before mentioned with penalty and interest as aforesaid and to implement, observe and perform the whole other burdens, conditions and others hereinbefore written; (here insert certificate of value, if applicable, and clause of registration).

[7b be attested]

Notes.

1. Where the person to whom the subjects are to be feued is a sub-lessee, the form should be suitably adapted to include inter alia the following additional provisions:—

(a) a narrative of the sub-lease;

(b) a renunciation, to take effect as from the date of entry, by the intermediate landlord of the lease or sub-lease under which he holds the interest of lessee, to the extent that it relates to the subjects to be feued; and

(c) a narrative of any sums to be paid under section nine of

this Act to the intermediate landlord by the sub-lessee and an acknowledgment of receipt of such sums.

2. If the person renouncing the lease or sub-lease is not the person in whose favour the lease or sub-lease was originally granted, add immediately after the renunciation—

(a) where his title is recorded—" which lease (or sub-lease and

add, if necessary, * to the extent that it relates to the subjects hereinafter feued ’) is now vested in the said C.D., his title thereto being recorded in the said Division of the General Register of Sasines (or as the case may be, and give date of recording)"’, or

(b) where his title is not recorded but the title of a predecessor

vested in the lease or sub-lease was recorded,—*' which lease (or sub-lease and add, if necessary, ‘ to the extent that it relates to the subjects hereinafter feued ’) was last vested in the said G.H. as aforesaid (or, if G.H is not a person having such title, say, * in J.K. [design person having said title], whose title thereto is recorded in the said Division of the General Register of Sasines [or as the case may be, and give date of recording] *), and from whom the said C.D. acquired right by (here specify shortly the writ or series of writs by which right was acquired) "; or

4th Sch. —cant.

376

Ch. 49

Long Leases (Scotland)

Act, 1954

2 &3Euz.2

4th Sch. —coni.

Section 18.

(c) where there is no recorded title,—" And Whereas the said C.D. acquired right to the said lease (or sub-lease and add, if necessary, * to the extent that it relates to the subjects herds-after feued *) by (here specify shortly the writ or series of writ/ by which right was acquired)99,

3. Where the subjects disponed in the feu contract are comprised in a lease or a sub-lease which has been assigned by ex fade absolute assignation and the provisions of section fourteen of this Act apply, the form should be suitably adapted to fit the circumstances.

FIFTH SCHEDULE

TABLB REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b) OF SUBSECTION (1) OF SBCIXK EIGHTEEN OF THIS ACT OF THE EXPECTANCY OF LIFE OF AN IDENTIFIABLE PERSON IN EXISTENCE

Years of age of Person Years of expectancy

Male life Female life

Birth to 4 65 69

5 to 9 63 67

10 to 14 58 62

15 to 19 53 57

20 to 24 48 52

25 to 29 44 48

30 to 34 39 43

35 to 39 35 38

40 to 44 30 33

45 to 49 26 29

50 to 54 22 25

55 to 59 18 21

60 to 64 15 17

65 to 69 12 13

70 to 74 9 10

75 to 79 7 8

80 to 84 5 6

85 and over 4 4

con

1954

Long Leases (Scotland)

Act, 1954

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Ch. 49, 50

377

Short Title Session and Chapter

Registration of Leases (Scotland) Act, 1857 Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1874 Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1924 Coal Industry Nationalisation Act, 1946 New Towns Act, 1946 Long Leases (Temporary Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1951 Leasehold Property Act and Long Leases (Scotland) Act Extension Act, 1953 20 & 21 Vict. c. 26. 37 & 38 Vict. c. 94. 14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 27. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 59. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 68. 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 28. 1 & 2Eliz. 2. c. 12.

CHAPTER 50

Housing Repairs and Rents (Scotland) Act, 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Further Provisions as to Clearance and Redevelopment, Reconditioning of unfit Houses, and other Amendments of Housing (Scotland)

Act, 1950

Additional powers in respect of clearance areas and other houses liable to demolition

Section

1. Proposals for exercise of functions of local authorities as to clearance

areas, etc.

2. Power of local authorities to retain for temporary occupation certain

houses in clearance areas.

3. Power of local authorities to purchase houses liable to demolition or

dosing orders.

4. Exchequer contributions towards expenses of local authorities under

ss. 2 and 3 of Act or under s. 17 of principal Act.

5. Local authorities1 contributions.

6. Licences for temporary occupation of houses subject to existing

clearance or demolition orders.

Miscellaneous amendments of Housing ( ) , 1950, etc.

7. Recovery by lessees of proportion of expenses incurred in rendering

houses fit for human habitation.

8. Amendments as to clearance orders and compulsory purchase orders

under principal Act.

9. Provisions as to Housing Revenue Accounts.

380

Part I

—hamt,

Power of local authorities to retain for temporary occupation certain houses in clearance areas.

Ch. 50 Housing ( Repairs and Rents) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

authority which appear to the authority to be unfit for human habitation and with any other houses within that district winch are or in the opinion of the authority ought to be included in clearance areas.

(2) If in the case of any local authority it appears to the Secretary of State that in view of the high proportion of houses within their district which are unfit for human habitation, or of other exceptional circumstances, it is not reasonably practicable for that authority to submit proposals under the foregoing subsection within the period therein mentioned, he may authorise that authority to submit within that period such partial proposes as he may direct or to submit proposals under the foregoing subsection within such extended period as he considers appropriate.

(3) The Secretary of State may approve proposals submitted by a local authority under this section with or without modifications, and thereafter it shall be the duty of the authority to carry out their functions under the said provisions of the principal Act and this Part of this Act in accordance with die proposals as so approved, subject to any modifications made by subsequent proposals so approved.

(4) A local authority may at any time, and if directed by the Secretary of State shall within the period specified in the direction, submit further proposals for amplifying or modifying any proposals previously submitted by that authority and approved under this section; and subsection (3) of this section shall apply to any such further proposals.

(5) A copy of any proposals approved under this section shall be deposited at the offices of the local authority concerned, and shall be open to inspection without charge during ordinary office hours.

2.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) of section twenty-five of the principal Act or in section thirty of that Act. a local authority by whom an area has been declared (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) to be a clearance area under the said section twenty-five may postpone for such period as may be determined by the authority without undue postponement of the clearance of the area the demolition of any building on land purchased by or belonging to the authority within that area, being a building which is or which contains a house which in the opinion of the authority, having regard to its existing condition and to the needs of the district with regard to the provision of further housing accommodation, must be continued in use as housing accommodation for the time being, and where the demolition of such a building is so postponed.

1954

Housing ( Repairs and Rents)

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 50

381

shall carry out such works as may in the opinion of the authority from time to time be required for rendering or keeping such house capable of being continued in use as housing accommodation pending its demolition.

(2) Where the demolition of any building in a clearance area is postponed under the foregoing subsection, the local authority may also postpone the taking of any proceedings under the said subsection (3) in respect of any other building within that area; and subsection (2) of section twenty-nine of the principal Act (which limits the period within which compulsory purchase orders may be submitted in respect of land comprised in or surrounded by or adjoining a clearance area) shall not apply io the purchase of any land in the area, on which there is a building in respect of which proceedings have been postponed under this subsection, or to the purchase of any land surrounded by or adjoining the area.

(3) The power of a local authority under Part III of the principal Act to purchase land within a clearance area may be exercised, for the purpose of acquiring any land within that area on which there is a building which is or which contains a house which in the opinion of the authority, having regard to the matters mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, must be continued in use as housing accommodation for the time being, notwithstanding that a clearance order has been made in respect of the building before the commencement of this Act or that any proceedings have been taken in pursuance of such an order; and on the completion of the purchase of any such land the clearance order shall cease to have effect so far as it relates to such building.

(4) An order under section twenty-nine of the principal Act authorising the compulsory purchase by a local authority of any laud on which there is such a building as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section within an area declared as a clearance area before the commencement of this Act may, notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of that section, be submitted to the Secretary of State at any time not later than six months after the approval under section one of this Act of proposals submitted by that authority under subsection (1) of the said section one.

3,-0) In any case where a local authority would, apart from this subsection,—

(a) be required to make a demolition order in respect of a house in pursuance of a notice served by them under subsection (1) of section nine of the principal Act or in pursuance of an application made to them under section ten of that Act; or

Part I

—cont.

Power of local authorities to purchase houses liable to demolition or closing orders.

382 Ch. 50 Housing (Repairs and Rents) 2 & 3 2

(Scotland) , 1954

Part 1 (b) be empowered under subsection (1) of section twelve of

that Act to recall a closing order in respect of a house and to make a demolition order in respect thereof;

the authority, if it appears to them that, having regard to the existing condition of the house and to the needs of the district with regard to die provision of further housing accommodation, the house must be continued in use as housing accommodation, may purchase the house in lieu of making such an order.

(2) A local authority by whom a house is purchased under this section shall carry out such works as may in the opinion of the authority from time to time be required for rendering or keeping it capable of being continued in use as housing accommodation.

(3) Where a local authority determine to purchase a house under subsection (1) of this section, they shall serve notice of the determination on every person upon whom they would be required to serve a copy of a demolition order made in respect of the house under section nine of the principal Act, and on the superior of, and the holder of any heritable security over, the house; and section sixteen of the principal Act (which provides for an appeal against certain notices and orders under Part D of that Act) shall apply in relation to any such notice as it applies in relation to a demolition order.

(4) At any time after a notice served under the last foregoing subsection in respect of a house has become operative under subsection (3) of the said section sixteen, the authority may purchase the house by agreement or may be authorised by the Secretary of State to purchase it compulsorily; and the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947, shall apply to a compulsory purchase under this section as if this section had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act.

(5) The compensation to be paid for a house purchased compulsorily under this section shall be calculated in accordance with subsection (4) of section seventeen of the principal Act (which regulates the compensation payable for the compulsory purchase under that section of a house unfit for human habitation which cannot be rendered so fit at reasonable expense).

Exchequer 4.—(1) The Secretary of State may, out of moneys provided

conations by Parliament, make such contributions as are authorised by this t^isSonocal section towards expenditure incurred by local authorities in authorities respect of houses approved by the Secretary of State for the under ss. 2 purposes of this section, being—

or under ^17 («) houses purchased by them under subsection (1) of

of principal section seventeen of the principal Act; or

Act.

1954

Housing ( Repairs and Rents)

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 50

383

(b) houses of which the demolition is postponed under part I

(c) houses purchased under section three of this Act or under that section as applied by section six of this Act.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the contributions payable by the Secretary of State in respect of any house shall be as follows, that is to say,—

(a) in the case of a house purchased by the local authority

an annual payment equal to one-half of the annual loan charges referable to the cost of the purchase, payable for each financial year during the whole or part of which the house or any part of the house is used for housing purposes with the approval of the Secretary of State; and

(b) in any case an annual payment of seven pounds five

shillings, payable for fifteen years from the date on which the house is approved for the purposes of this section:

Provided that the Secretary of State may from time to time by order direct that paragraph (b) of this subsection shall have effect, m relation to houses approved after the date on which the order comes into force, as if for the sum therein specified there were substituted such higher or lower sum as may be specified in the order.

(3) If it appears to the Secretary of State that the expenditure incurred as a whole by a local authority in carrying out works on houses approved by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this section is unduly low having regard to the amount of the contribution for the time being payable in respect of those houses under paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of this section, he may withhold the whole or any part of the contributions payable under that paragraph to that authority.

(4) An order of the Secretary of State under subsection (2) of this section shall be of no effect until it is approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

(5) For the purposes of this section the annual loan charges referable to the cost of a purchase shall (whatever may be the manner in which die local authority have provided or intend to provide the money required for the purchase) be the annual sum which, in die opinion of the Secretary of State, would fall to be provided by the local authority for the payment of interest on, and the repayment of, an amount of borrowed money equal to the said cost, being money the period for the repayment of which is sixty years.

section two of this Act; or

— ■con/

384

Ch. 50

Part I —com.

Local

authorities'

contributions.

Licences for temporary occupation of houses subject to existing clearance or demolition orders.

Housing (Repairs and Rents) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(i Scotland) , 1954

5. —(1) A local authority to whom contributions are payable by the Secretary of State in respect of a house under the last foregoing section shall make for each financial year a contribution of an amount equal to the contributions so payable by the Secretary of State for that year in respect of the house.

(2) The Secretary of State may from time to time by order direct that the foregoing subsection shall have effect, in relation to houses approved by him for the purposes of the last foregoing section after the date on which the order comes into force, as if for the reference to an amount equal to the contributions so payable by the Secretary of State as aforesaid there were substituted a reference to an amount bearing such proportion to the said contributions as may be specified in the order.

An order of the Secretary of State under this subsection shall be of no effect until it is approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

6. —(1) Where any house in respect of which a clearance order or demolition order had been made by a local authority under Part II or Part III of the principal Act, or an undertaking that the house will not be used for human habitation had been accepted by that authority under subsection (2) of section nine of that Act, before the commencement of this Act was, immediately before the commencement of this Act,—

(a) in the possession of a competent authority by virtue of

Regulation 51 of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939; or

(b) the subject of a licence in force under Regulation 68B

or 68BB of those Regulations authorising the occupation of the house,

the local authority may, from time to time, grant to the person who, but for the said order or undertaking, would be entitled to authorise the occupation of the house a licence permitting the occupation of the house during such period as may be specified in the licence by such number of persons and on such terms as to the rent and other conditions on which the house may be occupied as may be so specified:

Provided that no licence shall be granted so as to have effect after the expiration of the period of three years beginning with the commencement of this Act, or of such extended period as the Secretary of State may in any particular case allow in pursuance of an application made by the local authority within the said period of three years.

(2) While a licence granted under this section is in force in respect of a house, sections fifteen and one hundred and

1954

Housing (Repairs and Rents)

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 50

385

fifty-seven of the principal Act (which prohibit the occupation of Part I houses subject to closing, clearance or demolition orders or to —com. undertakings and provide for their vacation) shall not apply thereto.

(3) Any licence granted by a local authority under this section may be revoked by that authority at any time, and shall be so revoked if it appears to the authority that the house is no longer in such a condition as to be capable of being continued in use as housing accommodation.

(4) On the revocation or expiration of a licence granted under this section in respect of a house subject to a demolition order, the local authority may, if they think fit, revoke the demolition order and purchase the house under section three of this Act as if that order had not been made; and in relation to 6uch a purchase that section shall apply as if subsection (3), and in subsection (4) the words from the beginning to 44 section sixteen " * were omitted.

(5) Subsection (3) of section two of this Act shall not apply to any house subject to a clearance order so long as a licence in respect of the house is in force under this section; and in calculating the period during which a compulsory purchase order for the purchase of land including such a house may be submitted under subsection (4) of the said section two, any time during which such a licence was in force in respect of the house shall be disregarded.

(6) Regulations 68B and 68BB of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, are hereby revoked; but any licence in force under either of those regulations in respect of a house immediately before the commencement of this Act shall continue in force and have effect as if granted under this section for a period of three months from the commencement of this Act and may be revoked -thereunder accordingly.

Miscellaneous amendments of Housing (Scotland) Act,

1950, etc.

7.—(1) Where any person who incurs expenditure in comply- Recovery by ing with a notice under section seven of the principal Act Jessees of requiring the execution of works for rendering a house fit for human habitation, or in defraying expenses incurred by a local mcuniSiji authority under section eight of that Act in carrying out such rendering works, is a lessee of the house or the agent of such a lessee, the houses fit lessee may recover from the lessor under the lease such part (if [orb!jJ?an any) of that expenditure as may, in default of agreement between na 1 on* the parties, be determined on the application of either of them by the sheriff to be just having regard—

ia) to the obligations of the lessor and the lessee under the lease with respect to the repair of the house;

N

386

Part I cent.

Amendments as to clearance orders and compulsory purchase orders under principal Act.

Provisions as to Housing Revenue Accounts.

Ch. 50 Housing (Repairs and i 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

(6) to the length of the unexpired term of the lease:

(c) to the rent payable under the lease; and id) to all other relevant circumstances:

Provided that no sum shall be recoverable under this subsection unless the lessee or his agent within seven days after the service of such notice as aforesaid gave written intimation to the lessor of the service of the notice and of the purport thereof.

(2) Where a person from whom any sum is recoverable under the foregoing subsection is himself a lessee of the house, the provisions of that subsection shall apply as if any sum so recoverable from him were expenditure incurred as mentioned in that subsection.

(3) In this section "lease" includes a sub-lease and any tenancy, and the expressions " lessee " and " lessor " shall be construed accordingly.

8. —(1) The powers of acquiring land comprised in or surrounded by or adjoining a clearance area conferred by Part III of the principal Act shall not be restricted by the fact that buildings within that area have been demolished since the area was declared to be a clearance area.

(2) Any notice required or authorised to be given in connection with the compulsory purchase of land under Part HI of the principal Act may, notwithstanding anything in section three hundred and forty-nine of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, be served in accordance with the provisions of that section.

9. —(1) Section one hundred and thirty-seven of the principal Act (which requires local authorities to keep a housing revenue account in respect of certain houses, buildings, land and dwellings therein mentioned) shall have effect as if any house approved by the Secretary of State for the purposes of section four of this Act were included among the houses so mentioned; and any reference in section one hundred and thirty-eight of that Act (which relates to credits and debits in housing revenue accounts) to such houses, buildings, land and dwellings as are mentioned in the said section one hundred and thirty-seven shall be construed accordingly.

(2) A local authority shall in any financial year debit to their housing revenue account amounts equal to the loan charges which they are liable to pay for that year in respect of moneys borrowed for the purpose of purchasing any houses to which the foregoing subsection applies or in respect of moneys borrowed for the purpose of carrying out works on such houses.

1954 Housing (Repairs and Rents) Ch. 50 387

(Scotland) Act, 1954

10.—(1) It is hereby declared that estimates under subsection Part I

(2) of section one hundred and eleven of the principal Act of —com.

expenses to be incurred for the purposes of the execution of Amendments improvement works may include fees payable to professional oJjEdJI persons employed in connection with those works. principal

(2) Paragraph (c) of subsection (3) of section one hundred and eleven of the principal Act (which precludes the approval by a local authority of an application for an improvement grant unless the applicant is either the owner of the land or the lessee under a lease with not less than thirty years to run) shall have effect as if for the reference to a period of not less than thirty years there were substituted a reference to whichever is the shorter of the following two periods, that is to say—

(a) thirty years; or

(b) a period equal to that for which the dwellings concerned will provide satisfactory housing accommodation.

(3) A local authority shall not be debarred from entertaining an application for an improvement grant under section one hundred and eleven of the principal Act by reason only that the amount of the expenses estimated to be incurred for the purposes of the execution of the proposed improvement works exceeds six hundred pounds or such other amount as may for the time being be prescribed; and accordingly in subsection (4) of the said section one hundred and eleven for the words " is neither less than " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words " is not less than one hundred pounds or such other amount as may for the time being be prescribed ".

(4) For subsection (1) of section one hundred and twelve of the principal Act (which subsection limits the amount which may be paid by way of an improvement grant) there shall be substituted the following subsection—

" (1) The amount which may be paid by way of an improvement grant in respect of expenses incurred for the purpose of the execution of any improvement works shall be an amount not exceeding either—

(a) such fraction of the approved expense of executing

those works, not exceeding one-half thereof, as may be determined by the local authority when they approve the application for the grant; or

(b) four hundred pounds or such other amount as may

for the time being be prescribed:

Provided that—

(i) where the local authority, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, are satisfied in the case of any particular application that in all the circumstances of the case there is good reason for the payment of

N2

388

Ch. 50

Part I —coni

Housing (Repairs and Rents) 2 & 3 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

a higher amount than the amount authorised under this subsection, the amount of the improvement grant may be such amount in excess of four hundred pounds or such other amount as may for the time being be prescribed, but not exceeding one-half of the approved expense of executing the works, as may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, be determined as aforesaid;

(ii) where the local authority are satisfied that die expense of executing the improvement works was materially enhanced by reason of measures taken to .preserve the architectural or historic interest of the house or building to which the application relates, the amount of the improvement grant may be such fraction of the approved expense of executing the works, in excess of one-half thereof, or such amount in excess of four hundred pounds or such other amount as may for the time being be prescribed, as may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, be determined as aforesaid."

(5) A local authority in fixing under section one hundred and thirteen of the principal Act the rent for a dwelling in respect of which an improvement grant is to be made under that Act shall have regard to the age of the building, to the character and condition of the dwelling after the carrying out of the proposed improvement works, and to the cost of those works.

(6) In subsection (1) of section one hundred and fourteen of the principal Act (under which section conditions are required to be observed for a period of years with respect to a dwelling in respect of which an improvement grant has been paid) for the words " for a period of twenty years beginning with " there shall be substituted the words " for a period of twenty yeans or, where the application for the improvement grant in respect of the dwelling was approved in pursuance of paragraph (i) of the proviso to subsection (3) of section one hundred and eleven of this Act, for such shorter period, not being less than ten yean, as the local authority may determine, beginning, in each case.

(7) Sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and fourteen of the principal Act (under which the maximum rent payable for a dwelling in respect of which an improvement grant has been made under that Act is, in certain cases, determined by reference to a percentage of so much of the cost of improvement as is not set off by the grant) shall have effect in relation to improvement works completed after the thirteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, as if for the words " six per cent." there were substituted the words " eight per cent.".

with".

1954

Housing (Repairs and Rents)

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 50

389

11. —<1) The Sixth Schedule to the principal Act (which speci- Part I

fies the contributions in that Act referred to as Exchequer contri- —com.

butions) shall have effect as if at the end of Part I there were Consequential added the following words:— and minor

" 12. Section four of the Housing (Repairs and Rents)

(Scotland) Act, 1954." P P

(2) The Eighth Schedule to the principal Act (which specifies the contributions payable by local authorities) shall have effect as if after paragraph 11 there were inserted the following words:—

" 11 A. The contributions payable by the local authority under section five of the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954."

(3) The power conferred on a local authority by subsection (1) of section one hundred and thirty-one of the principal Act to make allowances towards the expenses incurred by persons displaced in consequence of the exercise of certain powers shall include power to make allowances to persons displaced from a house in pursuance of an undertaking accepted from the owner of the house under subsection (2) of section nine of that Act that the house will not be used for human habitation, or from a house purchased under section seventeen of that Act or section three of this Act, and accordingly in the said subsection (1) after paragraph (c) thereof there shall be inserted the following paragraphs—

" or () in respect of which an undertaking that the house will not be used for human habitation has been accepted under subsection (2) of section nine of this Act from the owner by the local authority; or

(e) which has been purchased under section seventeen of this Act or under section three of the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954, or under that section as applied by section six of that Act."

12. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, an authorisa- Extension

tion in force at the commencement of this Act under section one period of of the Housing (Temporary Accommodation) Act, 1945 (which 2^®°

enables the Secretary of State to authorise the use of open spaces temporary during a limited period for temporary housing accommodation), housing may, notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) of that section, accomrooda-be extended by order of the Secretary of State so as to determine tion*

(unless previously revoked) on any date not later than the end of

the year nineteen hundred and sixty-five.

(2) Not more than one order shall be made under this section in respect of any one authorisation; and before making an order under this section for extending any authorisation for a period exceeding five years the Secretary of State shall cause a local inquiry to be held.

390

Ch. 50

Part 1

—cont.

Management of houses purchased or retained by local

authorities for use for housing purposes.

Limitation of liability of trustees, etc. for expenses of local authorities in certain cases.

Housing (Repairs and Rents) 2 & 3 ELiz. i

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(3) A local authority to whom such an authorisation as afore said has been granted shall, if the Secretary of State so requires submit to him within three months after the date of such require ment proposals for the re-housing elsewhere of persons occupying housing accommodation on the land to which the authorisatioi relates.

(4) The Secretary of State may approve the proposals sub mitted by a local authority under subsection (3) of this sectior with or without modifications, and thereafter it shall be the duty of the authority to give effect to the proposals as so approved.

Supplemental

13. —(1) In respect of any house purchased by a local authority under section seventeen of the principal Act or purchased oi retained by a local authority under this Act for use for housing purposes, the authority shall have the like powers and duties as they have in respect of houses provided under Part V of the principal Act.

(2) Section three of the principal Act (which implies in certain contracts for the letting of houses for human habitation a condition that the house is and will be kept by the landlord reasonably fit for human habitation) shall not apply to a contract for the letting by a local authority of any house purchased or retained by the authority under this Act for use for housing purposes.

14. —(1) Where in pursuance of any enactment (whether contained in a public general Act or in a local Act) a local authority seek to recover from any person as being the person for the time being entitled to receive, or who would if the same were let be entitled to receive, the rents of any premises, being a house or a building which contains a house or a part of such a building, the expenses incurred by the authority in the execution of works in relation to the premises, then, if that person proves—

(< a) that he is receiving the rents merely as trustee, factor, tutor, curator or agent for some other person, or as liquidator of a company; and

(b) that he has not, and since the date of the service on him of a demand for payment of the expenses aforesaid has not had, in his hands on behalf of that other person or, in the case of a liquidator of a company, on behalf of the creditors or members of the company, sufficient funds, rents and other assets to discharge the whole demand of the authority;

his liability shall, notwithstanding anything in the said enactment, be limited to the total amount of the funds, rents and other assets which he has, or has had, in his hands as aforesaid.

1954 Housing (Repairs and Rents) Ch. 50

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(2) Nothing in the foregoing subsection shall prejudice or affect any right of a local authority to recover from any person other than such a trustee, factor, tutor, curator or agent or liquidator as aforesaid the whole or any part of any expenses recoverable by them in pursuance of any such enactment as aforesaid or otherwise.

(3) The proviso to subsection (3) of section eight of the principal Act shall cease to have effect.

15.—(1) In this Part of this Act the expression " the principal Act " means the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950.

(2) Any reference in this Part of this Act to a demolition order under Part II of the principal Act shall be construed as including a reference to a closing order made in lieu of a demolition order by virtue of the proviso to subsection (4) of section nine of that Act.

(3) This Part of this Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act; and without prejudice to the foregoing provision—

(a) any reference in the principal Act to an enactment contained in that Act shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by this Part of this Act;

(b) any reference in that Act to Part II or Part III of that Act shall be construed as including a reference to section three of this Act, or to section two of this Act, as the case may be.

Part II

Repairs Increase in respect of Controlled Dwelling-Houses, AND OTHER AMENDMENTS OF THE RBNT ACTS, BTC.

Repairs increase

16.—(1) Where a dwelling-house is let under a controlled tenancy or occupied by a statutory tenant, and the landlord is responsible, wholly or in part, for the repair of the dwelling-house, then, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act,—

(a) if and so long as the following conditions (hereinafter referred to as " the conditions justifying an increase of rent ") are fulfilled, that is to say,

(i) that the dwelling-house is in good and tenantable repair, and

(ii) that it is not in any other respect unfit for human habitation,

and

391

Part I —eon/.

Interpretation and construction of Parti.

Repairs

increase.

392 Ch. 50 Housing (Repairs and ) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

Part II (6) if in accordance with the First Schedule to this Act the

—cont. landlord has produced satisfactory evidence that wwk

to the value specified in that Schedule has been carried out on the dwelling-house during the period so specified,

the rent recoverable from the tenant shall, notwithstanding anything in the terms of the tenancy or statutory tenancy or any enactment, be increased by virtue of this subsection so as to exceed by the amount hereinafter mentioned the rent which apart from this subsection would be recoverable from the tenant under the terms of the tenancy or statutory tenancy and having regard to the provisions of any enactment.

(2) The amount of any increase payable by virtue of the foregoing subsection (which increase is hereinafter referred to as a " repairs increase ") shall be an amount equal to two-fifths of the rent which was recoverable in respect of the dwelling-house immediately before the commencement of this Act:

Provided that where the landlord is responsible in part only for the repair of the dwelling-house, the amount of the repairs increase shall be reduced proportionately.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply if—

(a) the standard rent of the dwelling-house is such as is

mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (1) of section one of the Act of 1949 (which provides for the variation of standard rents fixed by reference to lettings beginning after the first day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine); or

(b) the rent for the dwelling-house, or a property com-

prising the dwelling-house, has at any time been fixed under section one hundred and thirteen of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950 (which section requires local authorities to fix rents for dwellings provided or improved with the aid of grants made by such authorities under that Act); or

(c) the standard rent of the dwelling-house is a rent determined under section twenty-six of this Act; or

(d) the rent for the dwelling-house has at any time been fixed under paragraph (b) of subsection (8) of section three of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1952 (which paragraph empowers local authorities to fix rents for houses in respect of which assistance has been given under die said section three).

(4) Any question arising under the foregoing provisions of this section whether the landlord is responsible for repairs or

1954 Housing (Repairs and Rents) Ch. 50 393

(Scotland) Act, 1954

as to the amount of any reduction under the proviso to sub- Part n

section (2) of this section shall be determined by agreement in —com.

writing between the landlord and the tenant or, on the application of either of them, by the sheriff.

17.—(1) No sum shall be recoverable by way of repairs in-Notices of crease unless the landlord has served on the tenant or a former mcreaac tenant of the dwelling-house a notice in the prescribed form of his intention to increase the rent (hereinafter referred to as a " notice of increase "). containing—

(a) a declaration that at the date of service of the notice

the dwelling-house was not a dwelling-house to which section twenty of this Act applies and that at that date the conditions justifying an increase of rent were fulfilled, and

(b) a declaration such as is mentioned in the First Schedule

to this Act,

and no such sum shall be recoverable before, or in respect of any period before, such date as may be specified in the notice.

(2) The date specified in a notice of increase shall not be earlier than eight clear weeks after the service of the notice.

(3) Any form prescribed for the purposes of this section may contain such information as appears to the Secretary of State expedient for informing the tenant of the effect of this Act, and in particular of the circumstances in which the repairs increase is recoverable from or may be withheld by the tenant, and of the amount of the increase.

18.—(1) On the service of a notice of increase under the last Determination foregoing section or at any subsequent time, the tenant of the whether dwelling-house to which the notice relates may apply to die local authority for a certificate that either or both of the conditions justify increase justifying an increase of rent are not fulfilled; and the local of rent, authority if satisfied that the dwelling-house fails to fulfil either or both of the conditions shall certify accordingly in the prescribed form, and shall serve a copy of the certificate on the landlord, and the certificate shall be deemed to have been in force as from the date of the application therefor.

(2) Where the local authority have served a notice under section seven of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950, requiring the execution of works on a dwelling-house in respect of which a notice of increase has been served under the last foregoing section, they shall, as soon as the first-mentioned notice becomes operative, certify accordingly in the prescribed form and shall serve a copy of the certificate on the landlord and on the tenant of the dwelling-house; and the certificate shall come into force as from the date of such service on the landlord.

N*

﻿394

Ch. 50

Part II

—cont.

Housing (Repairs and Rents)

(Scotland) , 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(3) Where the local authority have granted a certificate under either of the foregoing subsections and have served a copy of the certificate on the landlord, then in respect of any period during which the certificate is in force no sum shall be recoverable by way of repairs increase in respect of the dwelling-house.

(4) Where after the granting of a certificate under subsection

(1) or subsection (2) of this section there has been executed by or at the expense of the landlord to the satisfaction of the local authority such work as requires to be executed in order that the dwelling-house shall fulfil both the conditions justifying an increase of rent, the local authority shall on the application of the landlord revoke the certificate. The local authority shall serve on the landlord notice of their decision on any application made by him under this subsection.

(5) If, in proceedings for the recovery of any sum by way of repairs increase in respect of a dwelling-house in respect of which the local authority have refused to grant a certificate under subsection (1) of this section, the tenant satisfies the court that during the period in respect of which the proceedings are brought either or both of the conditions justifying an increase of rent were not fulfilled, then in respect of that period no sum shaD be recoverable by way of repairs increase in respect of the dwelling-house.

(6) If the landlord of a dwelling-house is aggrieved by the granting of a certificate under subsection (1) of this section, or by the refusal of the local authority to revoke under subsection

(4) thereof a certificate granted under subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section, he may appeal to the sheriff by giving notice of appeal within twenty-one days after the date of the service on him of the copy of the certificate or of the notice of the decision of the local authority to refuse to revoke the certificate, as the case may be; and if on the hearing of the appeal the sheriff is satisfied that, at the time when the certificate was granted or, as the case may be, the local authority refused to revoke the certificate, the conditions justifying an increase of rent were fulfilled, he shall revoke the certificate and thereupon it shall be deemed—

(a) in the case of a certificate granted under subsection (1)

of this section, never to have been in force;

(b) in the case of a certificate which the local authority have refused to revoke under subsection (4) thereof, to have been revoked on the date on which the local authority refused to revoke it

(7) On any application under subsection (1) or subsection (4) of this section there shall be paid to the local authority a fee

1954 Housing (Repairs and Rents) Ch. 50

(Scotland) , 1954

of one shilling; but where on an application under the said subsection (1) the local authority grant a certificate the applicant dull be entitled to deduct the fee from any subsequent payment of rent to the landlord.

19.—(1) The provisions of the last foregoing section shall apply to increases of rent permitted by paragraph (c) or id) of subsection (1) of section two of the Act of 1920 (which allow additions of fifteen and twenty-five per cent respectively of the net rent) and, as so applied, shall have effect in substitution for the provisions of the Rent Acts preventing the recovery of such increases but subject to the modifications that—

(a) for the reference to a repairs increase there shall be substituted a reference to any such increase as aforesaid, and

(b) for the reference to the service of a notice of increase under section seventeen of this Act there shall be substituted a reference to the service of a notice of increase in accordance with the provisions in that behalf of the Rent Acts.

(2) Notwithstanding the repeals effected by this Act—

(a) any certificate of a sanitary authority under the Rent

Acts that a dwelling-house is not in a reasonable state of repair shall, if in force immediately before the commencement of this Act, continue in force and have effect as if it were a certificate of the local authority granted under this Part of this Act that the dwelling-house fails to fulfil both the conditions justifying an increase of rent; and

(b) any order of the court under the Rent Acts suspending

an increase under paragraph (c) or paragraph () of subsection (1) of section two of the Act of 1920 until the court is satisfied that the necessary repairs have been executed shall, if in force immediately before the commencement of this Act, continue in force.

20.—(1) The foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act and the First Schedule thereto shall, in their application to any dwelling-house to which this section applies, have effect subject to die modifications set out in the Second Schedule to this Act

(2) A dwelling-house to which this section applies is any such dwelling-house as is hereinafter mentioned, that is to say—

(a) any dwelling-house in respect of which there was in force at any time during the period between the thirteenth

N* 2

395

Part II —coni.

Application of last foregoing section to certain

increases under Rent Acts.

Application of foregoing provisions of Part II of Act to certain classes of dwelling-house.

398

Ch. 50

Housing ( and I 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

Part II 22. Where apart from this section a tenant would by virtue —cont. of any agreement (however expressed) affecting a controlled Repairs tenancy be under an obligation to pay any increase of rent in increase not to consequence of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act, t over t^ien w^out prejudice to the recovery from him of any increase under this Part of this Act he shall be relieved from that obligation.

Responsibility 23.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act and the

of landlord for First Schedule thereto and of paragraph id) of subsection (1) of repairs. section two of the Act of 1920 the landlord shall be deemed, as between himself and the tenant, to be wholly responsible for the repair of a dwelling-house in any case where the tenant is under no express liability to carry out any repairs

(2) Subject to the provisions of the foregoing subsection,—

(a) the landlord shall be deemed for the purposes aforesaid to be responsible, as between himself and the tenant, for any repairs which he is under an express liability to carry out, and for any other repain (whether of the dwelling-house or of other premises) from time to time required for securing that the dwelling-house is in good and tenantable repair, not being repairs which the tenant is under an express liability to carry out; and

(b) the tenant shall be deemed for those purposes to be responsible, as between himself and the landlord, for any repairs which he is under an express liability to carry out but for no other repairs;

and the extent to which the landlord is to be deemed responsible as aforesaid for the repair of the dwelling-house shall be determined by comparing the burden of the responsibility specified in paragraph (a) of this subsection with that of the responsibility specified in paragraph (b) thereof.

Supplementary 24.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act there shall provisions as disregarded, in determining whether a dwelling-house is in good and tenantable repair, any defect due to any act, neglect or default by the tenant or any person claiming under him or to any breach by the tenant or such a person of an express agreement:

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect in determining under subsection (1) or (4) of section eighteen of this Act whether a certificate should be granted or revoked.

(2) Subject to the foregoing subsection, for the purposes aforesaid a dwelling-house which is a part only of a building shall not be treated as in good and tenantable repair unless every part of the building which a tenant of the dwelling-house requires to use in connection with his occupation of the dwelling-house is also in good and tenantable repair.

1954 Housing (Repairs and Rents) Ch. 50

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Other amendments of Rent Acts

25.—(1) A tenancy where—

(a) the interest of the landlord belongs to a local authority,

joint board or joint committee as respectively defined by the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, or to the common good of a burgh or to any trust under the control of a local authority as so defined, or

(b) the said interest belongs to a development corporation

established under the New Towns Act, 1946, or

(c) the said interest belongs to any housing association and

the condition specified in the next following subsection is fulfilled, or

(d) the said interest belongs to the Scottish Special Housing Association, or any housing trust which was in existence on the thirteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, or any authorised society within the meaning of the Housing Act, 1914, or

(e) the said interest belongs to an executive council constituted under section thirty-two of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947,

shall not be a controlled tenancy, and shall not for the purposes of subsection (3) of section fifteen of the Act of 1920 (which subsection provides that where the interest of a tenant of a dwelling-house to which that Act applies is determined for any reason a sub-tenant to whom the premises or any part thereof have been lawfully sub-let shall be deemed to become the tenant of the landlord) be deemed to be the interest of the tenant of a dwelling-house to which the Act of 1920 applies:

Provided that where the tenancy was a controlled tenancy immediately before the commencement of this Act, and the interest of the landlord then belonged to such a body as aforesaid, the foregoing provisions of thus subsection shall not have effect as respects that tenancy before the expiration of six months from the commencement of this Act.

(2) The condition mentioned in paragraph (c) of the foregoing subsection is that either—

(a) the premises comprised in the tenancy were provided

by the housing association in pursuance of an arrangement made under section eighty or one hundred and twenty-one of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950, or with the assistance of a local authority under section two of the Housing &c.. Act, 1923; or

(b) the housing association is registered under the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893, and the provision of the premises comprised in the tenancy forms

399

Part II —eont.

Exclusion from

Rent Acts of

lettings by local

authorities,

development

corporations,

housing

associations,

etc.

400

Ch. 50

Pact n —amt.

Housing ( Repairs and Rents) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

part of the purposes for which its business is mainly conducted and those premises were provided by the housing association before the commencement <rf this Act

(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, after the expiration of six months from the commencement of this Act a person shall not by virtue of the Rent Acts be entitled to retain possession as a statutory tenant against any such body as aforesaid other than a housing association or, if the condition specified in the last foregoing subsection is fulfilled, against any such body as aforesaid being a housing association.

(4) Section sixteen of the Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act, 1951 (which confers on a service man during his period of service with the armed forces security of tenure in respect of a rented family residence in respect of which he would otherwise have no statutory protection) shall have effect with the substitution for paragraph (b) of subsection (2) thereof of the following paragraph: —

" (b)that the interest of the immediate landlord of the

tenant under the tenancy qualifying for protection belongs to any such body as is mentioned in subsection

(1) of section twenty-five of the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954, and, where it belongs to any such body being a housing association, that the condition specified in subsection (2) of that section is fulfilled."

(5) Where, at a time when the application of the Act of 1920 to a tenancy of any premises is excluded by reason only of sab-section (1) of this section, a sub-tenancy is created of those premises or any part thereof, then in ascertaining, in relation to the sub-tenancy, what rent is recoverable from the sub-tenant, the Rent Acts and the Act of 1949 shall apply as if the tenancy were a controlled tenancy and neither the premises nor any part thereof had ever been let before the beginning of the tenancy.

(6) Paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of section three of the Act of 1939 (which excludes from the Rent Acts certain dwelling-houses belonging to local authorities) shall cease to have effect; and

(a) where any order or judgment has been made or given by a court before the commencement of this Act, but has not been executed, and in the opinion of the court the order or judgment would not have been made or given if this section had been in operation at the time when the order or judgment was made or given, the court

1954

Housing (Repairs and Rents)

(i Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 50

401

may upon application by the tenant rescind or vary the Part n

order or judgment in such maimer as the court thinks —ctmt.

fit for the purposes of giving effect to this section;

(b) in relation to a tenancy not foiling within subsection (1) of this section, being a tenancy to which the Act of 1920 applies as from the commencement of this Act by virtue of the repeal of the said paragraph (c), the Rent Acts shall apply subject to the modifications set out in the Third Schedule to this Act.

(7) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that the terms of any arrangements entered into before the commencement of this Act under section eighty or section one hundred and twenty-one of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950, should be varied in consequence of the foregoing provisions of this section, the Secretary of State may approve any variation of those terms agreed between the local authority and housing association who are parties to the arrangements or, if no agreement has been reached between the parties at the expiration of three months after the commencement of this Act, may on the application of either party determine that the arrangements shall have effect subject to such variation as he may specify.

(8) The provisions of section one hundred and seventy-eight of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950 (which relates to the valuation and rating of certain houses provided by the Scottish Special Housing Association or owned by housing associations) shall have effect in relation to any premises which are the subject of a tenancy which is excluded from the operation of the Rent Acts by this section in like manner as they have effect in relation to the houses mentioned in the said section one hundred and seventy-eight:

Provided that the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall not have effect in relation to any house in relation to which the provisions of subsection (6) of section seventy-three of the said Act of 1950 have effect.

26.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall apply Provisions to cases where— taking effect

on cesser of

(a) by virtue of the provisions of subsection (1) of the last exemption

foregoing section the operation of the Rent Acts is fro® R®01 excluded as respects a tenancy of any premises as Act#* respects which the interest of the immediate landlord of the tenant under the tenancy belongs to an exempted authority; and

(b) that interest ceases to belong to an exempted authority; and

402

Ch. 50

Housing (Repairs and Rents) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

Part u (c) at the time when it ceases to belong to such an authority

—com. there is no controlled tenancy or statutory tenancy

subsisting in the whole of the premises.

(2) If an application is made to the local authority (whether before or after the interest ceases to belong to an exempted authority) to fix a standard rent for the said premises,—

(a) the local authority shall determine what rent is reasonable for the premises on a letting thereof on such terms and conditions, if any, other than terms and conditions fixing the amount of rent, as may be specified in the application; and

(b) as from the date of the application or the date on which the said interest ceases to belong to an exempted authority, whichever is the later, the Rent Acts shall apply to the premises as if the standard rent thereof had been fixed by a letting from the date of the application at the rent so determined and on any terms or conditions specified as aforesaid, but on no other terms or conditions.

(3) An application under this section may be made by any person having an interest in the premises to which the application relates or any part of those premises, or any person who satisfies the local authority that he proposes to acquire such an interest:

Provided that where an application under this section is made by a person who has not acquired such an interest at the time of the application, then, notwithstanding anything in paragraph

(b) of the last foregoing subsection, any determination of the local authority made on the application shall not have effect unless and until the said person acquires such an interest.

(4) As from the time at which the interest mentioned in subsection (1) of this section ceases to belong to an exempted authority, the Rent Acts shall, subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, have effect in relation to the premises as they have effect in relation to a dwelling-house to which they were applied by the Act of 1939.

(5) Nothing in paragraph of subsection (2) of this section, or in the last foregoing subsection, shall affect any sub-tenancy of a part of the premises which was subsisting before the said interest ceased to belong to an exempted authority, or any statutory tenancy arising on the coming to an end of any such subtenancy.

(6) In this section the expression " exempted authority " means any such body as is mentioned in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section.

1954

Housing (Repairs and Rents)

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 50

403

27.—(1) The Act of 1920 shall not apply to a dwelling-house which consists, and consists only, of premises falling within either of the following paragraphs, that is to say—

(a) separate and self-contained premises produced by conversion, after the commencement of this Act, of other premises, with or without the addition of premises erected after the commencement of this Act;

(b) premises erected after the commencement of this Act.

Part D

Exclusion from Rent Acts of dwelling-houses converted or erected after commencement of Act.

(2) For the purposes of this section premises shall be treated as converted or erected after the commencement of this Act if the conversion or erection was completed thereafter, notwithstanding that it may have been begun before the commencement of this Act

(3) Section sixteen of the Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act, 1951, shall have effect with the addition, after paragraph (6) of subsection (2) thereof, of the following paragraph: —

" (bb) that those premises are excluded from the operation of the Rent Act of 1920 by section twenty-seven of the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954."

28.—(1) In section one of the Act of 1949 (which empowers Amendment the tribunal to determine the reasonable rent of a dwelling- of s. l of Act house on the application of the landlord or the tenant, and of 1949, provides that if the reasonable rent, or the reasonable rent less permitted increases, is less than the standard rent it shall become the standard rent) for the words " is less than " in subsection (2) and in subsection (3) there shall be substituted the words "differs from2 3’.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall apply in relation to a determination whether it was made before or after the commencement of this Act:

Provided that notwithstanding anything in subsections (2) and

(3) of the said section one—

(a) an increase of standard rent effected by a determination made before die commencement of this Act shall not come into operation until a date specified in a notice in the prescribed form served by die landlord on the tenant, and

(b) that date shall not be earlier than four clear weeks after the service of the notice.

(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of section four of the Act of 1949 (which among other things provides for the variation of apportionments made before the making of a determination under section one of that Act) where a determination made as

404 Ch. 50 Housing (Repairs and Rents) 2 & 3 Euz.2

(Scotland) , 1954

Past 11 respects any dwelling-house before the commencement of this Act has effect by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section, any apportionment which is necessary for determining the standard rent of a dwelling-house comprised in the first-mentioned dwelling-house, being an apportionment made before the coming into operation of the increase of rent effected by the determination, may be varied so as to accord with the determination:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect rent in respect of any period before the said increase comes into operation.

(4) Paragraph (a) of subsection (7) of section one of the Act of 1949 (which excludes from the jurisdiction of the tribunal under that section cases where the dwelling-house is under management of a housing association or development corporation) shall cease to have effect

(5) It is hereby declared that section one of the Act of 1949 (which provides for the variation of certain standard rents) does not apply to a standard rent fixed under section twenty-six of this Act.

29.—(1) Where before the commencement of the Act of 1949 a premium has been paid on the assignation of a tenancy, then subject as hereinafter provided subsection (2) of section two of that Act shall not prevent the requiring on an assignation of tint tenancy after the commencement of this Act of a premium not exceeding the amount hereinafter specified.

(2) The said amount is an amount which bears to the premium paid on the earlier assignation the same proportion as the period of the tenancy still to run at the time of the later assignation bears to the period of the tenancy still to run at the time of the earlier assignation, it being assumed that no power to determine the tenancy not yet exercised will be exercised either by the landlord or the tenant.

(3) Where before the commencement of the Act of 1949 a premium has been paid on more than one occasion on the assignation of the same tenancy, any of those assignations except the last shall be disregarded for the purposes of this section.

(4) In so far as any premium paid on the assignation of a tenancy before the commencement of the Act of 1949 has been recovered under the provisions of subsection (5) of section two of that Act (which provides for the recovery of the whole or pan of premiums paid under agreements made after the twenty-fifth day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-nine), the premium shall be treated for the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this section as not having been paid.

(5) Where apart from this subsection the requirement of a premium would be allowable both under the foregoing provisions of this section and under Part II of the First &bedule

Power to charge premium on assignation of rent-controlled tenancy where premium

lawfully charged on earlier assignation.

1954 Housing ( Repairs and Rents) Ch. 50 405

(Scotland) Act, 1954

to the Act of 1949 (which pennits the requiring of a premium Part n

on assignation where a premium has been paid on the grant, —cont.

continuance or renewal of a tenancy), the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect to the exclusion of the said Part II.

30.—(1) Where a premium was paid on the grant, continuance. Payments for renewal or assignation of a tenancy, then— ^tnts

(a) if the premium consisted only of any such outgoings, OTgoodwffl

sum or amount as are specified in subsection (4) of on grant or section two of the Act of 1949 (which allows an assignation of assignor to charge an assignee the outgoings properly tcnancics* payable by the assignee, the cost of reasonable expenditure on alterations and improvements, or a reasonable amount for goodwill), it shall be treated for the purposes of Part II of the First Schedule to the Act of 1949 or of the last foregoing section as not having been paid;

(b) if the premium included any such outgoings, sum or

amount as aforesaid, it shall be treated for the said purposes as if only die residue thereof had been paid.

(2) A person shall not be guilty of an offence under section two of the Act of 1949 by reason only of the foregoing provisions of this section, or by reason only that—

(a) any payment of outgoings required by him on an assigna-

tion was a payment of outgoings referable to a period before the assignation took effect, or

(b) any expenditure incurred by him in carrying out struc-

tural alterations of a dwelling-house, or in providing or improving fixtures therein, being expenditure in respect of which he required the payment of any sum on the assignation of a tenancy of the dwelling-house, was not reasonably incurred, or

(c) any amount paid by him as mentioned in paragraph (c)

of subsection (4) of section two of the Act of 1949 was not a reasonable amount, or

() any amount required by him to be paid on an assignation in respect of goodwill was not a reasonable amount,

but nothing in this subsection shall prejudice any right of recovery under subsection (5) of the said section two.

31.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have Increase for effect where a dwelling-house is let under a controlled tenancy * P 0081 of or is occupied by a statutory tenant, and JSSd under

(a) the standard rent of the dwelling-house is the rent at pre-1939 which it was let at a letting beginning on or before the lettings, first day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, or an amount ascertainable by apportionment of

Housing (Repairs and Rents') 2 & 3 Eliz. 2 (Scotkmd) Ac 1954

a rent at which a property comprising the dwelling-house was let on such a letting as aforesaid (whether such an apportionment has been made or not), and

(b) services for the tenant are under the terms and conditions of the letting to be provided, or are provided, by the landlord.

(2) If—

(a) by an agreement in writing relating to the services men-

tioned in paragraph (b) of the foregoing subsection and made after the commencement of this Act between die landlord and the tenant or a former tenant of the dwelling-house it has been agreed that the landlord shall be entitled to an increase of rent of an amount specified in the agreement in respect of any rise, over the period beginning with the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and ending with the commencement of this Act in the cost of the provision of the services, or

(b) on an application by the landlord the tribunal consti-

tuted under the Act of 1943 for the area in which the dwelling-house is situated has at any time after the commencement of this Act determined as respects the said services that in all the circumstances it is just that the landlord should be entitled to an increase of rent, of an amount specified in the determination, in respect of any such rise as aforesaid,

the landlord shall be entitled to recover the amount of the increase agreed or determined as aforesaid notwithstanding anything in the terms of the tenancy or statutory tenancy or any enactment, subject, however, to the provisions of the next following subsection.

(3) Where any such agreement or determination as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection has been made in respect of services which the landlord is not under the terms and conditions of the letting liable to provide, any withholding or restoration of those services (whether in whole or in part) shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (3) of section two of , the Act of 1920 (which relates to the effect on recoverable rent

of the transfer of burdens and liabilities between landlord and tenant) as a transfer from the landlord or die tenant, as the case may be, of a burden previously borne by him. 4 * * * *

(4) Any increase under this section recoverable by vfrtue of

an agreement shall run from such date as may be specified

in the agreement; and any increase thereunder recoverable by

virtue of a determination of the tribunal shall run from the date

of the determination.

j

1954

Housing (Repairs and Rents)

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 50

407

(5) Before determining any application under paragraph (b) of Part II subsection (2) of this section the tribunal shall make such —cont. inquiries (if any) as they think fit and shall give the landlord and the tenant an opportunity of being heard or, at the option of the party, of submitting representations in writing.

32. —(1) For the purposes of subsection (3) of section fifteen of Modification the Act of 1920 (which subsection provides that, where the°fs* 15 of interest of a tenant of a dwelling-house to which that Act applies Act of I920' is determined for any reason, a sub-tenant to whom the premises

or any part thereof have been lawfully sub-let shall be deemed to become the tenant of the landlord) the interest of a tenant under a tenancy shall, notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (7) of section twelve of that Act, not be disregarded by reason only that the rent payable in respect of the tenancy is one falling within the said subsection (7).

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not prejudice paragraph () of the First Schedule to the Act of 1933 (which gives the court power in certain cases to make an order for possession where the tenant has sub-let the dwelling-house).

33. —(1) The rights conferred on a member of a deceased Amendment tenant’s family by, and in the circumstances stated in, paragraph °J meaning

(g) of subsection (1) of section twelve of the Act of 1920 shall ° tenar^in extend to such a member, if the tenant left a widow not residing Act of 1920. with him at the time of his death.

(2) In accordance with the last foregoing subsection, the said paragraph (g) (which declares the expression " tenant " to include in certain circumstances the widow of a tenant or a member of the tenant’s family) shall be amended by inserting after the word "no " the word "such ". 34

34. —(1) Any notice of increase for the purposes of this Part Service of of this Act which apart from this section would be required

to be served on a tenant of any premises may be served on a £222^° prospective tenant of the premises, and references in this Part of this Act and the First Schedule thereto to the landlord or the tenant shall be construed accordingly:

Provided that if the prospective tenant does not become tenant of the premises the notice shall have no effect.

(2) Subsection (2) of section seventeen of this Act and paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (2) of section twenty-eight thereof shall not have effect in the case of notices served by virtue of this section.

(3) The power conferred by this Part of this Act to prescribe the form of notices shall include power to prescribe different forms according as a notice is to be served on a tenant or a prospective tenant

408

Ch. 50

Part II —com. Repairs increase, etc., not to be taken into account for valuation and rating.

Housing (Repairs and Rents) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

Provisions as to valuation and rating

35.—(1) In the financial year first commencing after the passing of this Act and in every subsequent year, the net annual value and the rateable value of—

(a) any dwelling-house in respect of which a repairs increase

is recoverable under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act; or

(b) any house on which a local authority have, in the exer-

cise of powers conferred on them by Part I of this Act, carried out works for rendering or keeping it capable of being continued in use as housing accommodation;

shall be the gross annual value thereof after the deduction of such part of the rent thereof as is specified in the following provisions of this section.

(2) In the case of such a dwelling-house as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection there shall be deducted such part of the rent thereof as is equal to the amount of the repairs increase.

(3) In the case of such a house as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of the said subsection there shall be deducted such part of the rent thereof as is equal to—

(a) the difference between the rent for the time being fixed for the house under Part V of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950, and the rent which was recoverable in respect of the dwelling-house immediately before the commencement of this Act, or

(b) two-fifths of the last mentioned rent; whichever is the less.

(4) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (1) of section two of the Water (Scotland) Act, 1949, the domestic water rate shall be levied in the case of lands and heritages being such t dwelling-house or house as is mentioned in subsection (1) of tins section according to the rateable value of such lands and heritages.

(5) Nothing in this section shall affect the enactments relating to income tax. 6

(6) For the ascertainment of any particulars required by this or the next following section of this Act, section seven of the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854 (which empowers the assessor to call for a written statement of certain particulars and

1954

Housing (Repairs and Rents)

C Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 50

409

imposes a penalty for failure to furnish such a statement), shall apply as it applies for the ascertainment of the particulars required by that Act

36.—(1) In the financial year first commencing after the passing of this Act and in every subsequent year the owner of any dwelling-house to which this section applies shall be relieved of liability to pay by way of the owners’ share of the county or burgh rate in respect of such dwelling-house any sum in excess of that which would be produced by a rate levied according to the rateable value of the dwelling-house for that year at the same amount in die pound as the amount in die pound of the owners' share of the county or burgh rate for the financial year ending on the fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, or in the case of a local authority with respect to which special provision is made in a local Act, for the corresponding financial year:

Provided that where the owner of any such dwelling-house was in that year endded to partial exemption from the owners’ share of the county or burgh rate in respect of that dwelling-house then, so long as such right to exemption continues, the reference in the foregoing provisions to the amount in the pound of the owners’ share of the county or burgh rate for that year shall be construed as a reference to the amount in the pound at which the owners’ share of the county or burgh rate was actually levied in respect of that dwelling-house in that year.

(2) The difference in any year between the sum receivable by a rating authority by way of the owners’ share of the county or burgh rate in respect of dwelling-houses to which this section applies and die sum which would have been so receivable if this section had not been passed shall be met by levying as part of the county or burgh rate on the occupiers of lands and heritages and on the owners of lands and heritages other than dwelling-houses to which this section applies an additional rate at such uniform amount per pound of rateable valuation as is necessary to produce a sum equal to the difference.

(3) This section applies to any dwelling-house in respect of of which a repairs increase is recoverable under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act.

(4) The valuation roll shall show by distinguishing mark in such manner as may be prescribed what lands and heritages are such dwelling-houses as are referred to in the last foregoing subsection. 5

(5) Any question whether a dwelling-house is such a dwelling-house as aforesaid shall failing agreement be determined by the sheriff on the application of the owner, the tenant, the assessor under the Valuation Acts or the rating authority.

Part n —eont.

Limitation of owners* rates on houses subject to repairs increase.

410

Ch. 50

Part II

—cont. Service by post.

Procedure of tribunals.

Interpretation of Part II.

Housing ( Repairs and Rents) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(i Scotland) , 1954

Supplemental

37. Any notice for the purposes of this Part of this Act, and any copy of a certificate of the local authority under section eighteen thereof, may be served by registered post.

38. The power of the Secretary of State under section six of the Act of 1943 to make regulations with regard to proceeding! before tribunals under that Act shall include power to make regulations with regard to such proceedings under this Act

39. —(1) In this Part of this Act (including the First, Second and Third Schedules thereto) the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say:—

" Act of 1920 " means the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920;

"Act of 1933" means die Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act, 1933;

"Act of 1939" means the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1939;

" Act of 1943 " means the Rent of Furnished Houses Control (Scotland) Act, 1943;

"Act of 1949" means the Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act, 1949;

"controlled tenancy" means a tenancy to which the Act of 1920 applies:

" dwelling-house " means the whole subjects comprised in a controlled tenancy or prospective controlled tenancy, or the whole subjects of which a tenant retains possession as statutory tenant;

" housing association " has the like meaning as in the Housing (Scotland) Act. 1950:

" housing trust " means a corporation or body of persons which by the terms of its constituent instrument is required to devote the whole of its funds, including any surplus which may arise from its operations, to the provision of houses and to other purposes incidental thereto;

" landlord ", " tenant " and " tenancy " have the like meanings respectively as in the Act of 1920;

" local authority ", in relation to a dwelling-house, means the council of the county or burgh in which the dwelling-house is situated;

" premium " includes any fine or like sum or any other pecuniary consideration in addition to rent;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State, and " prescribe " shall be construed accordingly;

1954

Housing (Repairs and Rents)

(Scotland) Actt 1954

Ch. 50

411

44 rating authority " has the like meaning as in Part XI of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947;

44 the Rent Acts " means the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts, 1920 to 1939;

"repair" includes maintenance, but does not include improvement or structural alteration or the provision of additional or improved fixtures or fittings, and 44 repairs " shall be construed accordingly;

44 repairs increase " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section sixteen of this Act;

44 services " includes attendance, the provision of heating or lighting, the supply of hot water and any other privilege or facility connected with the occupancy of a dwelling-house;

44 statutory tenant " means a tenant (as defined in paragraph (g) of subsection (1) of section twelve of the Act of 1920) who retains possession by virtue of the Rent Acts and not as being entitled to a tenancy, and 44statutory tenancy" shall be construed accordingly;

44 tenant ", in relation to a landlord, and 44 sub-tenant ", in relation to a tenant, mean respectively immediate tenant and immediate sub-tenant;

44 Valuation Acts " means the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854, and the Acts amending that Act.

(2) Subsection (2) of section one hundred and eighty-four of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950, shall have effect in determining for the purposes of this Part of this Act whether a dwelling-house is fit for human habitation as it has effect in determining for the purposes of the said Act of 1950 whether a house is fit for human habitation. 3 * * * * * * * * * * * * *

(3) Any reference in this Part of this Act, including the First

Schedule thereto, to the rent which was recoverable in respect of

a dwelling-house immediately before the commencement of this

Act shall be construed as a reference to the rent which would at

that time have been recoverable (it being assumed that all works

necessary to secure that die dwelling-house should be in all

respects reasonably fit for human habitation and otherwise in a

reasonable state of repair had been carried out) from a tenant

of the dwelling-house under the terms of a tenancy or statutory

tenancy thereof and having regard to the provisions of any enact-

ment, less—

(a) in any case where the rates which, but for the provisions

of any Act, would be chargeable on the tenant were

paid by the landlord, the amount of such rates; and

Part II

—COM.

412

Ch. 50

Part II —conu

Regulations and orders.

Provisions as to applications and appeals to sheriff.

Interpretation.

Financial

provisions.

Housing ( Repairs and Rents) 2 & 3 2

(Scotland) , 1954

(b) in any case where the rent included a payment in respect of the provision of services or the use of furniture, so much of the rent as is fairly attributable to the provision of the services or the use of the furniture.

Any question arising under this subsection shall be determined by agreement in writing between the parties concerned or, on the application of either of them, by the sheriff.

In this subsection " rates " means assessments as defined in the House Letting and Rating (Scotland) Acts, 1911 and 1920.

(4) Any reference in this Part of this Act to a provision of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950, shall include a reference to the corresponding provision of any enactment repealed by that Act.

Part III General Provisions

40. Any power of the Secretary of State to make regulations or orders under this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

41. —(1) An application to the sheriff under subsection (1) of section seven, subsection (4) of section sixteen, subsection (2) of section twenty-one, subsection (5) of section thirty-six, or subsection (3) of section thirty-nine of, or the First Schedule to, this Act shall be conducted and disposed of in like manner as proceedings brought under the Small Debt (Scotland) Acts, 1837 to 1889, and the determination of the sheriff on any such application shall be final and conclusive.

(2) The provisions of subsections (1), (2) and (5) of section one hundred and sixty-six of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950, shall apply to any appeal to the sheriff under subsection (6) of section eighteen of this Act as they apply to appeals to the sheriff under that Act.

42. Any reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended, extended or applied by any subsequent enactment including any local enactment and including, unless the oontext otherwise requires, this Act. 43

43. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable out of such moneys under subsection (3) of section one of the Rent of Furnished Houses Control (Scotland) Act, 1943, or section one hundred and sixteen or section one hundred and seventy of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950.

1954

Housing ( Repairs and Rents)

(Scotland) Act91954

Ch. 50

413

44.—(1) This Act may be cited as die Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the expiration of the period of one month beginning with the date on which it is passed.

(3) The enactments and regulations mentioned in the Fourth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that this subsection shall have effect subject to subsection (6) of section six of this Act. and to subsection (2) of section nineteen thereof.

(4) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Proof of past repairs by landlord

1. Subject to the provisions of the next following paragraph, the declaration mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section seventeen of this Act is a declaration in the prescribed form that during the period of twelve months ending with the date of service of the notice of increase containing the declaration (which date is hereinafter referred to as " the relevant date "), work (the nature of which shall be specified in general terms in the declaration) has been carried out on the dwelling-house to a value of not less than three-fifths of the rent which was recoverable in respect of the dwelling-house immediately before the commencement of this Act.

2. Where the relevant date falls within six months of the commencement of this Act, the notice of increase may in lieu of such a declaration as is specified in the foregoing paragraph contain a declaration in the prescribed form that during such continuous period of three years as may be specified in the declaration, being a period falling within the four years ending with the relevant date, work (the nature of which shall be specified in general terms in the declaration) has been carried out on the dwelling-house to a value of not less than six-fifths of the rent which was recoverable as aforesaid.

3. Where—

(a) under the terms of the tenancy, if the dwelling-house was let

at the relevant date, or,

(b) under the terms of the last subsisting tenancy, if the dwelling-house had been let before the relevant date but was not let at that date,

the landlord is or was responsible in part only for the repair of the dwelling-house, the two foregoing paragraphs shall have effect respectively with the substitution for the values therein mentioned of those values proportionately reduced.

Part III —com. Short title, commencement, repeals and extent.

Sections 16,17.

414

Ch. 50

Housing [Repairs and Rents) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland , 1954

1st Sch. 4.—<1) Within twenty-eight days after the relevant date the tenant

—com, may apply to the sheriff to determine whether work has been carried out on the dwelling-house during the period specified in the declaration to a value not less than that so specified and whether that value is at least the value required by the foregoing provisions of this Schedule; and if on such an application the sheriff is not satisfied that work has been carried out as aforesaid and that the value specified in the declaration is at least the value required as aforesaid, he shall certify accordingly and thereupon the notice of increase shall be, and be deemed always to have been, of no effect.

(2) Where, on such an application as aforesaid, it is necessary for the sheriff to determine the extent to which the landlord is or was responsible for the repair of the dwelling-house,—

(a) section forty-one of this Act shall apply to that determination, and

(b) notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of section sixteen

of this Act, the determination shall have effect (so far as relevant) for the purposes of that section.

5. Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing paragraph, the service of a notice of increase containing such a declaration as is required by this Schedule shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (1) of section sixteen of this Act as the production of satisfactory evidence that work has been carried out as mentioned in paragraph (b) of that subsection; and subject as aforesaid the validity of a declaration shall not be questioned on the ground that the value of the work stated in the declaration to have been carried out on the dwelling-house is less than that required by the foregoing provisions of this Schedule.

6. If in such a declaration as is required by this Schedule any person makes a statement which he knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly makes a statement which is false in a material particular, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds.

7. —(1) For the purposes of this Schedule work which enured solely for the benefit of the dwelling-house shall be treated as having been carried out on the dwelling-house notwithstanding that the site of the work was not comprised in the dwelling-house.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the next following sub-paragraph work which enured for the benefit of the dwelling-house and also of other premises shall, whether die work was carried out on a site comprised in the dwelling-house or elsewhere, be treated for the purposes of this Schedule as having been carried out on the dwelling-house to a value equal to such proportion of the value of the work as ought to be apportioned to the dwelling-house.

(3) Where two or more dwelling-houses are contained in one building and work has during any period been carried out on all or any of the dwelling-houses in the building or on the building or so as to enure for the benefit of all or any of the dwelling-houses in the building, work shall be treated for the purposes of this Schedule as having been carried out during that period on any one of those dwelling-houses to a value bearing the like proportion to so much

1954 Housing (Repairs and Rents) Ch. 50

(Scotland) , 1954

of the cost of that work as was borne by the landlord of that dwelling-house as the floor area or rateable value of that dwelling-house bears to the total floor areas or rateable values of all the dwelling-houses contained as aforesaid of which that landlord is the landlord.

For the purpose of this sub-paragraph—

(a) where a building contains premises other than a dwelling-

house as well as one or more dwelling-houses, those premises shall be treated as if they were a dwelling-house ?

(b) where a building contains premises other than a dwelling-house which are occupied otherwise than by a tenant thereof, the owner of the premises shall be treated as if he were the landlord thereof;

(c) the floor area of a dwelling-house shall be ascertained in such

manner as the Secretary of State shall prescribe, and the regulations may provide for the exclusion from computation, or for bringing into computation at a reduced figure, of floor space in any part of a dwelling-house which is of less than a specified height.

8. The landlord, or any person authorised by him in writing, shall be entitled at reasonable times of the day, on giving twenty-four hours' notice in writing to the occupier of his intention, to enter any dwelling-house for the purpose of ascertaining the floor area thereof for the purposes of sub-paragraph (3) of the last foregoing paragraph.

9. For the purposes of this Schedule work shall be disregarded—

(a) if or in so far as it was carried out by and at the cost of

the tenant or any predecessor in title of his, or by and at the cost of any person claiming under the tenant or any predecessor in title of his;

(b) if or in so far as the cost thereof has been or will be reimbursed under Part I of the War Damage Act, 1943.

10. In this Schedule the expression " work " means work required for securing that premises used for human habitation are in good and tenantable repair and are not in any other respect unfit for human habitation.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Modifications of Part II of Act in Application to Certain Classes of Dwelling-house

1. For the purposes of subsection (1) of section sixteen of this Act the conditions justifying an increase of rent shall be deemed not to be fulfilled in respect of the dwelling-house unless the local authority, on the application of the landlord and on being satisfied that the dwelling-house fulfils both the conditions justifying an increase of rent, have certified accordingly in the prescribed form; and where a

415

1st Sen.

—cont.

Section 20.

416

Ch. 50

Housing (Repairs and Rents) 2 & 3;

(Scotland) , 1954

2nd Sch. certificate has been granted under this paragraph in respect of i

—com. dwelling-house, any such certificate of a sanitary authority and an)

such older of a court as is referred to in paragraph (<z) of subsectioi (2) of section twenty of this Act and any certificate granted undei paragraph 2 of this Schedule which is then in force in relation tc the dwelling-house shall cease to have effect.

2. Where the local authority have refused to grant, on the appli cation of the landlord, a certificate under paragraph 1 of this Schedule they shall forthwith certify accordingly in the prescribed form and shall serve a copy of the certificate on the landlord and on the tenant of the dwelling-house; and the certificate shall come into force as from the date of such service on the landlord and shall have effect for the purposes of Part II of this Act as if ij were a certificate granted by the local authority under subsection (1] of section eighteen of this Act.

3. In subsection (1) of section seventeen of this Act (which requires that a notice of increase shall contain certain declarations) for paragraphs (a) and (b) there shall be substituted the following paragraphs—

" (a) a declaration that at the date of service of the notice there is in force a certificate granted under paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to this Act;

(b) a declaration such as is mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act;

(c) a declaration that the landlord and the tenant have agreed in

writing, or that the sheriff has determined, that work has been carried out as specified in the last-mentioned declaration.’*

4. The provisions of subsection (6) of section eighteen of this Act (which subsection confers on the landlord of a dwelling-house a right of appeal to the sheriff in certain cases) shall apply in relation to the granting of a certificate under paragraph 2 of this Schedule as it applies in relation to the granting of a certificate under subsection (1) of that section; and, if the sheriff revokes a certificate granted under the said paragraph 2, the local authority shall forthwith grant a certificate under paragraph 1 of this Schedule.

5. In the First Schedule to this Act—

(a) for sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 4 there shall be substituted the following sub-paragraph—

" (1) The service of a notice of increase containing such a declaration as is required by this Schedule shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (1) of section sixteen of this Act as the production of satisfactory evidence that work has been carried out as mentioned in paragraph (b) of that subsection if, but only if, before the service of that notice, either—

(a) the landlord and the tenant have agreed in writing that work has been carried out as so mentioned; or

1954 Housing (Repairs and Rents) Ch. 50

(Scotland) , 1954

(b) the sheriff, on the application of the landlord, is satisfied that work has been carried out as so mentioned and has determined accordingly;

and, where the landlord and the tenant have so agreed or the sheriff ihas so determined, the validity of a declaration shall not be questioned on the ground that the value of the work stated in the declaration to have been carried out on the dwelling-house is less than that required by the foregoing provisions of this Schedule "; and

(b) paragraph 5 shall be omitted.

THIRD SCHEDULE

Modifications of Rent Acts in Application to Tenancies

Previously Exbmpted under . 3 (2) (c) of the Act of 1939

1. In the provisions specified in the following Table there shall be substituted, for the references to the passing or the commencement of the Act of 1939, references to the following date, that is to say—

(a) if on the thirteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, the dwelling-house was let under such a tenancy as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (6) of section twenty-five of this Act, that date;

(b) in any other case, the date before the commencement of this Act on which it was first so let.

Table

Act of 1920 Section 1.

Section 2 (1) (a).

Section 2 (1) (b).

Section 7, proviso (i).

Section 9 (1).

Section 10.

Section 12 (1) (a).

Section 12 (1) (b).

Act of 1933 Schedule 1, paragraph (h).

2. In the Act of 1920 the proviso to section one shall be omitted.

3. In subsection (4) of section four of the Act of 1933 for the reference to the commencement of the Act of 1939 there shall be substituted a reference to the commencement of this Act.

4. In section six of the Act of 1933 for the words from 44 at which the dwelling-house was let " to 44 the rent at which it was first let * here shall be substituted the words 44 at which the dwelling-house vas let on the date specified in paragraph 1 of the Third Schedule o the Housing (Repairs and Rents) (Scotland) Act, 1954.*’

O

417

2nd $cu, —cont.

Section 25.

418

Ch. 50

Section 44.

Housing C Repairs and Rents) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

FOURTH SCHEDULE Repeals

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 17. The Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920. In section two, subsections (2), (4) and (5).

13 &14 Geo. 5. c. 32. The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1923. Section five; in section eighteen, subsection (1), in subsection (I) the words " of a sanitay authority or " and the words * authority or " (in each phoe in which the last-mentioned words occur), and subsections (4) and (5).

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 32. The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act, 1933. Section twelve. In section fifteen, in paragraph the words from * and for an} reference*’ to the end of the paragraph.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 26. Hie Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1938. In section eight, in subsection (A sub-paragraph (i) of paragraph ().

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 71. The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1939. In section three, paragraph (c) of subsection (2). In section eight, paragraph (tfX

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 42. The Water (Scotland) Act, 1946. Section fifty-seven so far as relating to a house or a bufldng which contains a house or a part of such a building.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 40. The Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act, 1949. In section one, in subsection (7\ paragraph (a).

14 Geo.6. c.34 The Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950. In section eight, the proviso to subsection (3); in section ooe hundred and twenty-five, pan* graph (6) and in the proviso the words from 44 or, as the css may be" to the end of pan* graph (i) of the proviso.

— The Defence (General) Regulations, 1939. Regulations 68B and 68RB.

ten

1954

Housing (Repairs and Rents)

(Scotland) , 1954

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Ch. 50,51

419

Short Title

Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854 Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893

Housing Act, 1914

Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest

(Restrictions) Act, 1920

Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions

(Amendment) Act, 1933

Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions

Act. 1939

War Damage Act, 1943

Rent of Furnished Houses Control

(Scotland) Act, 1943

New Towns Act, 1946

National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 ...

Local Government Act, 1948

Water (Scotland) Act, 1949

Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act,

1949

Housing (Scotland) Act, 1950

Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of

Civil Interests) Act, 1951

Homing (Scotland) Act, 1952

Session and Chapter

17 & 18 Vict. c. 91.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 39.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 31.

10 A 11 Geo. 5. c. 17.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 32.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 71.

6 A 7 Geo. 6. c. 21.

6 A 7 Geo. 6. c. 44.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 68.

10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 27.

10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 42.

10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 43.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 26.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 31.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 40. 14 Geo. 6. c. 34.

14 A 15 Geo. 6. c. 65.

15 A 16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2.

c. 63.

CHAPTER 51

An Act to extend the application of the Hire-Purchase Act, 1938, and the Hire Purchase and Small Debt (Scotland) Act, 1932; and to make further provision as to postponed orders for specific delivery of goods under the said Act of 1938.

[30th July, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The hire-purchase agreements and credit-sale agree- Extension of

m^its to which the Hire-Purchase Act, 1938, applies shall application of

• ai,j. Hire-Purchase

include— Act, 1938

(a) an agreement relating to livestock under which the hire-1 A 2 Geo. 6.

purchase price or total purchase price, as the case may c*53-

be, does not exceed one thousand pounds;

o 2

Hire-Purchase , 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

420

Further provisions relating to postponed orders for apeofic delivery of goods.

Ch. 51

(b) any other agreement under which the said price does not exceed three hundred pounds,

and accordingly in paragraph (b) of section one of that Act for the words " five hundred pounds " there shall be substituted the words " one thousand pounds in paragraph (c) of that section for the words " one hundred pounds " there shall be substituted the words " three hundred pounds and paragraph (a) of that section, and so much of subsection (1) of section twenty-one of that Act as defines the expression " motor vehicle ", are hereby repealed.

(2) In relation to agreements of a class to which the said Act applies by virtue only of this section, section twenty of that Act (which makes provision for a limited application of that Act to hire-purchase agreements made before the commencement of that Act) shall apply as if for any reference therein to the commencement of that Act there were substituted a reference to the commencement of this Act.

2.—(1) Where a postponed order for the specific delivery of goods to the owner has been made, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, under paragraph (b) of subsection (4) of section twelve of the Hire-Purchase Act, 1938, the powers of the court under paragraphs (a) and (c) of subsection (4) of section thirteen of that Act (which respectively enable the court to van the conditions of the postponement or to make an order for the delivery of part of the goods to the owner and for the transfer to the hirer of the owner’s title to the remainder) may be exercised, notwithstanding that any condition of the postponement has not been complied with, at any time before the goods are delivered to the owner in accordance with a warrant issued in pursuance of the order; and where such a warrant has been issued (whether before or after the commencement of this Act), the court shall-

(a) if the court varies the conditions of the postponement

under the said paragraph (a), suspend the warrant on the like conditions;

(b) if the court makes an order under the said paragraph (c)

for the specific delivery of a part of the goods to the owner and for the transfer to the hirer of the owner’s title to the remaining part thereof, cancel the warrant so far as it provides for the delivery of the last-mentioned part of the goods.

(2) At any time before the delivery of goods to the owner in accordance with a warrant issued as aforesaid, the warrant may, so far as it provides for the delivery of the goods, be discharged by the payment to the owner by the hirer or any guarantor erf the whole of the unpaid balance of the hire-purchase price; and in any such case the owner’s title to the goods shall vest in the hirer.

1954

Hire-Purchase , 1954

Ch. 51

421

(3) If in an action to which the said section twelve applies an offer as to conditions for the postponement of the operation of an order under paragraph (b) of subsection (4) of that section . is made by the hirer and accepted by the owner in accordance with rules of court, an order under that paragraph may thereupon

be made by the court in accordance with the said offer without bearing evidence as to matters specified in the said paragraph (b) or in subsection (5) of that section:

Provided that where a guarantor is a party to the action, no such order shall be made before the date fixed for the hearing of the action.

(4) In this section expressions defined by the Hire-Purchase Act, 1938, have the same meaning as in that Act.

3.—(1) For the purposes of the Hire-Purchase Act, 1938, Amendment any sum payable by the hirer under a hire-purchase agreement °J Definition by way of a deposit or other initial payment, or credited or to be credited to him under such an agreement on account of any such pme. deposit or payment, whether that sum is to be or has been paid to the owner or to any other person or is to be or has been discharged by a payment of money or by the transfer or delivery of goods or by any other means, shall form part of the hire-purchase price.

(2) This section shall apply for the purposes of the said Act of 1938 in its application to agreements made before the commencement of this Act, except in relation to any note or memorandum of such an agreement made for the purposes of section two of the said Act of 1938.

4—(1) In section one of the Hire Purchase and Small Debt Extension of (Scotland) Act, 1932 (which defines the contracts to which that application Act applies) for the words " twenty pounds ", in both places .

where those words occur, there shall be substituted the words small Debt "three hundred pounds". (Scotland)

Act, 1932

(2) For the purposes of the said Act of 1932, the expression 22 & 23 Geo. 5. " instalment " includes (without prejudice to the provisions of c. 38. subsection (1) of section ten of that Act) any sum credited or to

be credited to the hirer or the purchaser on account of any deposit or premium payable by him, whether that sum is to be or has been paid to the owner or to any other person or is to be or has been discharged by a payment of money or by the transfer or delivery of goods or by any other means.

In this subsection the expression " hirer ", " purchaser " and "owner " have the like meanings as in the said Act of 1932.

(3) This section shall not apply in relation to any contract entered into before the commencement of this Act.

422

Ch. 51, 52

Hire-Purchase Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Commencement, extent, and short title.

Extension of

borrowing

powers.

10 & II Geo. 6. c. 54.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c 67.

Short title.

5.—(1) This Act shall come into operation at the expiration of a period of one month beginning with the date on which it is passed.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act may be cited as the Hire-Purchase Act, 1954.

CHAPTER 52

An Act to increase the limits imposed by section thirty-nine of the Electricity Act, 1947, on the amount outstanding in respect of borrowings of the British Electricity Authority and Area Electricity Boards and by section forty-two of the Gas Act, 1948, on the amount outstanding in respect of borrowings of the Gas Council and Area Gas Boards.

[30th July, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The enactments limiting the borrowing powers of the British Electricity Authority and Area Electricity Boards, and of the Gas Council and Area Gas Boards, by reference to the aggregate amounts of stock and loans outstanding shall be amended as follows:—

(a) in subsection (3) of section thirty-nine of the Electricity Act, 1947, for the words " seven hundred minim pounds " there shall be substituted the words " fourtea hundred million pounds and

(b) in subsection (3) of section forty-two of the Gas Act. 1948, for the words " two hundred and fifty mfitioo pounds" there shall be substituted the words "four hundred and fifty million pounds

and the other provisions of the said Acts shall have efica accordingly, and in particular the provisions which authorise the Treasury to give guarantees with respect to stock or loans and which provide for charging sums required for fulfilling any sock guarantee on the Consolidated Fund and for paying into the Exchequer any sums received by way of repayment of sums so required or by way of interest thereon.

2. This Act may be cited as the Gas and Electricity (Borrow^ Powers) Act, 1954.

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

423

CHAPTER 53

Housing Repairs and Rents , 1954 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Further Provisions as to Clearance and Redevelopment, Reconditioning of unfit Houses, and other Amendments of Housing Acts

Additional powers in respect of clearance areas and other houses liable to demolition

Section

1. Proposals for exercise of functions of local authorities as to clearance

areas, etc.

2. Power to retain for temporary accommodation certain houses in

clearance areas.

3. Power to purchase for temporary accommodation in lieu of making _ demolition orders.

4. Postponement of demolition under clearance order in the case of

houses let to local authority.

5. Power to permit reconstruction of condemned house.

6. Licences for temporary occupation of houses subject to existing demoli-

tion or clearance orders.

Exchequer contribu, etc.

7. Exchequer contributions towards expenses of local authorities in

buying houses for temporary occupation.

8. Local authorities* contributions.

Standard of fitness for human , and provisions

connected therewith

9. Standard of fitness for human habitation.

10. Recovery by lessees of proportion of expenses incurred in rendering

houses fit for human habitation.

11. Houses let in lodgings: securing fitness for occupation by number of

families accommodated.

12. Houses let in lodgings: prevention of overcrowding.

13. Powers of local authorities for enforcement of notices under s. 9 of

principal Act.

Miscellaneous amendments of Housing Acts

14. Amendments as to clearance orders and compulsory purchase orders

under principal Act

15. Provisions relating to Housing Revenue Accounts.

16. Amendments of Housing Act, 1949.

17. Powers of local authorities in connection with lending money for

housing purposes.

18. Default powers of county councils.

19. Extension of period for use of open spaces for temporary housing

accommodation.

Ch. 53

Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

Supplemental Section

20. Management of houses retained by local authorities for temporary

occupation.

21. Application of Part I to London.

22. Interpretation and construction of Part I.

Part II

Repairs Increase in respect of Controlled DwelunoHouw

AND OTHER AMENDMENTS OF THE RENT ACTS, ETC.

Repairs increase

23. Repairs increase for dwelling-house in good repair.

24. Rent not to be increased above twice gross value.

25. Notice and declarations preliminary to recovery of repairs increase;

26. Determination whether conditions fulfilled to justify increase of rest

27. Application of last foregoing section to certain increases under Rent

Acts.

28. Passing on of repairs increase to sub-tenant.

29. Repairs increase not to be payable twice over.

30. Responsibility of landlord for repairs.

31. Supplementary provisions as to repair.

32. Apportionments by county court to be conclusive.

Other amendments of Rent Acts

33. Exclusion from Rent Acts of lettings by local authorities, development

corporations, and housing associations and trusts.

34. Provisions taking effect on cesser of exemption under foregoing serin.

35. Exclusion from Rent Acts of houses converted or erected after com-

mencement of Act.

36. Amendments of s. 1 of Act of 1949.

37. Application of Rent Acts to dwellings provided or improved with

assistance under Part II of Housing Act, 1949.

38. Exemption from s. 2 (2) of Act of 1949 for long leases.

39. Payments for outgoings, improvements or goodwill on grant or assign-

ment of controlled tenancies.

40. Increase for rise in cost of services provided under pre-1939 lettings.

41. Protection of sub-tenants of parts of premises.

42. Amendment of meaning of expression " tenant " in Act of 1920.

43. Possession without alternative accommodation not to be ordered on

production of agricultural certificate.

44. Date for permitted increases for increases in rates.

45. Modification of Rent Acts and Act of 1946 as to accommodation

registered under Defence Regulation 68 CB.

46. Service of notices on prospective tenants.

47. General provisions as to service of notices.

48. Procedure of county court and tribunal.

49. Interpretation of Part II.

Part HI

Miscellaneous and General Provisions

50. Exclusion of statutory tenants from receipt of certain notices.

51. Application of Statutory Instruments Act.

52. Interpretation.

53. Financial provisions.

54. Short title, commencement, extent and repeals.

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

425

Schedules:

First Schedule—Modifications of procedure for obtaining clearance orders and certain compulsory purchase orders.

Second Schedule—Proof of past repairs by landlord.

Third Schedule—Gross values and statutory repairs deductions. Part I—Dwelling-houses in County of London.

Part n—Dwelling-houses outside County of London.

Fourth Schedule—Modifications of Rent Acts in application to tenancies previously exempted under s. 2 (3) (c) of Act of 1939.

Fifth Schedule—Repeals.

An Act to make further provision for the clearance and redevelopment of areas of unfit housing accommodation, and for securing or promoting the reconditioning and maintenance of houses; and otherwise to amend the enactments relating to housing, the exercise of certain powers relating to land, and rent control

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Further Provisions as to Clearance and Rbdbvblopment, Reconditioning of unfit Houses, and other Amendments of Housing Acts

Additional powers in respect of clearance areas and other houses liable to demolition

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, every local Proposals for authority shall, within one year after the commencement of of f

this Act, submit to the Minister in such form as the Minister i* ° may require proposals for dealing, under Parts II and III of authorities as the principal Act or under the following provisions of this Part to clearance of this Act, with houses within the district of the authority area®»etc-which appear to the authority to be unfit for human habitation, and with any other houses within that district which are or in the opinion of the authority ought to be included in clearance areas.

(2) If in the case of any local authority it appears to the Minister that in view of the high proportion of houses within their district which are unfit for human habitation, or of other exceptional circumstances, it is not reasonably practicable for

[30th July, 1954]

Part I

426

Part I —am

Power to retain for temporary accommodation

certain houses in clearance areas.

Ch. 53 Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

that authority to submit proposals under the foregoing subsection within the period therein mentioned, he may authorise that authority to submit such proposals within such extended period as he considers appropriate.

(3) The Minister may approve proposals submitted by a local authority under this section with or without modifications, and thereafter it shall be the duty of the authority in carrying out their functions under the said provisions of the principal Act and this Part of this Act to have regard to the proposals as so approved, subject to any modifications made by subsequent proposals so approved.

(4) A local authority may at any time, and if directed by the Minister shall within the period specified in the direction, submit further proposals for amplifying or modifying any proposals previously submitted by that authority and approved under this section; and subsection (3) of this section shall apply to any such further proposals.

(5) A copy of any proposals approved under this section shall be deposited at the offices of the local authority concerned, and shall be open to inspection without charge during ordinary office hours.

2.—(I) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) of section twenty-five of the principal Act or in section thirty of that Act, a local authority by whom an area has been declared (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) to be a clearance area under die said section twenty-five may postpone, for such period as may be determined by the authority, the demolition of any houses on land purchased by or belonging to the authority within that area, being houses which in the opinion of the authority are or can be rendered capable of providing accommodation of a standard which is adequate for the time being, and may carry out such works as may from time to time be required for rendering or keeping such houses capable of providing such accommodation as aforesaid pending their demolition.

(2) Where the demolition of any houses in a clearance area is postponed under the foregoing subsection, the local authority may also postpone the taking of any proceedings under the said subsection (3) in respect of any buildings (other than housed within that area; and subsection (2) of section twenty-nine the principal Act (which limits the period within which compulsory purchase orders may be submitted in respect of land comprised in or surrounded by or adjoining a clearance area) shall not apply to the purchase of any land in the area, other than houses, or to the purchase of any land surrounded by or adjoining the area.

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 54

427

(3) Where a local authority are satisfied, in the case of a house on land purchased by or belonging to them within a clearance area, not being a house retained by them for temporary use for housing purposes, that—

(a) it is required for the support of a house which is so retained, or

(b) there is some other special reason why it should not be demolished for the time being, and the reason is connected with the exercise of the authority’s powers under subsection (1) of this section in relation to the clearance area,

then, notwithstanding anything in Part III of the principal Act, the authority may retain the house for the time being and shall not be required to demolish it so long as, in the case mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection, it is required for the purpose therein referred to, or, in any other case, the said powers are being exercised by the authority in relation to that area; but a house which is retained by virtue of this subsection shall not be included among those referred to in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section seven of this Act.

(4) The power of a local authority under Part III of the principal Act to purchase land within a clearance area may be exercised, for the purpose of acquiring any house within that area which in the opinion of the authority is or can be rendered capable of providing such accommodation as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, or in the case of which it appears to them desirable that it should be retained for either of the purposes mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the last foregoing subsection, notwithstanding that a clearance order has been made in respect of the house before the commencement of this Act or that any proceedings have been taken in pursuance of such an order; and on the completion of the purchase of any such house, die clearance order shall cease to have effect so far as it relates thereto.

(5) An order under section twenty-nine of the principal Act authorising the compulsory purchase by a local authority of any houses within an area declared as a clearance area before the commencement of this Act may, notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of that section, be submitted to the Minister at any time not later than six months after the approval under section one of this Act of proposals submitted by that authority under subsection (1) of the said section one.

3-—(1) In any case where a local authority would be required, apart from this section, to make a demolition order in respect of a house in pursuance of a notice served under subsection (1) of section eleven of the principal Act (which requires local authorities to order the demolition of certain houses unfit for human

o* 2

Part I

— con

Power to purchase for temporary accommodation in lieu of making demolition orders.

428 Ch. 53 Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 . 2

>fcf, 1954

Part i habitation in the absence of certain undertakings by the owners,

—com. or in default of compliance with such undertakings) the autho-

rity may* if it appears to them that the house is or can be rendered capable of providing accommodation of a standard which is adequate for the time being* purchase the house in lieu of making such an order.

(2) A local authority by whom a house is purchased under this section may carry out such works as may horn time to time be required for rendering and keeping it capable of providing such accommodation as aforesaid pending its demolition by the authority.

(3) Where a local authority determine to purchase a house under this section, they shall serve notice of the determination on every person upon whom they would be required to save a copy of a demolition order made in respect of the house under section eleven of the principal Act; and section fifteen of that Act (which provides for an appeal against certain notices and orders under Part II of that Act) shall apply in relation to any such notice as if it were a demolition order.

(4) At any time after a notice served under subsection G) of this section in respect of a house has become operative under subsection (5) of the said section fifteen* the authority may purchase the house by agreement or may be authorised by the Minister to purchase it compulsorily; and the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act* 1946, shall apply to a compulsory purchase under this section as if this section had been in force immediately before the commencement of that Act

(5) The compensation to be paid for a house purchased compulsorily under this section shall be calculated in accordance with subsection (4) of section sixteen of the principal Act (which regulates the compensation payable for the compulsory purchase under that section of a house unfit for human habitation which cannot be rendered so fit at reasonable expense).

Postponement of demolition under clearance order in the case of houses let to local authority.

4.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect* in the case of a house on land in a clearance area which does not belong to the local authority, where the authority are of opinion that the house is or can be rendered capable of providing accommodation of a standard which is adequate for the time being, and that the house ought not to be demolished for the tune being but ought to be retained for temporary use for housing purposes.

(2) Subject to the next following subsection* the local authority may include in any clearance order made by them under Part III of the principal Act and applying to die house

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

429

a provision that the demolition of the house in pursuance of the order is to be postponed until the authority determine that the house is no longer required for use for housing purposes; and if such a provision is included, die order shall not fix a period for the vacation of the house as required by paragraph 1 of the Third Schedule to the principal Act (which relates to the form and content of clearance orders).

(3) A local authority shall not include in a clearance order such a provision as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection unless they have acquired, or are satisfied that by die time the clearance order becomes operative they will have acquired, such rights under a tenancy of the house as will enable them to retain the house for use for housing purposes until they determine that it is no longer required for such use and to deal with it in all respects as if it were a house on land in a clearance area belonging to them.

(4) In relation to a house to which a clearance order applies with such a provision as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section—

(a) subsection (3) of section twenty-six of the principal Act (which requires a house to be demolished by its owner or owners after a clearance order applying to it has become operative) shall have effect with the substitution for the period therein referred to of such a period not less than six weeks as may, in a notice served by the local authority on the owner or owners of the house as soon as they determine that the house is no longer required for use for housing purposes, be specified as the period within which the authority require the house to be demolished; and

(b) section one hundred and fifty-five of the said Act (which contains provisions for the vacation of houses subject to demolition and clearance orders) shall not apply until the local authority determine that the house is no longer required for such use as aforesaid and shall then have effect with the substitution for references to the date by which the order requires the house to be vacated of references to the date of the authority’s notice under the foregoing paragraph.

5.—(1) If an owner of a house in respect of which a demolition order has become operative submits proposals to the local authority for the execution by him of works designed to secure the reconstruction, enlargement or improvement of the house, or of any buildings of which the house is one, and the local authority are satisfied that the result of the works will be the provision of one or more houses fit for human habitation, the

Part I

—cont.

Power to permit

reconstruction of condemned house.

430

Part I

—cont.

Licences for temporary occupation of houses subject to existing demolition m clearance •rders

Ch. S3 Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Buz. 2

Act, 1954

authority shall have power to extend for such period as they may specify the time within which the owner or owners of the house are required under subsection (1) of section thirteen of the principal Act to demolish it, in order that the said owner may have an opportunity of carrying out the works.

(2) The said time may be further extended by the local authority once or more often as occasion may require, if the works have been begun and appear to the authority to be making satisfactory progress or, though they have not been begun, the authority think there has been no unreasonable delay; and if the works are completed to the satisfaction of the authority they shall revoke die demolition order without prejudice to any subsequent proceedings under Part II of the principal Act.

(3) Where in relation to a house a local authority determine to extend or further extend the time mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, notice of the determination shall be served by the authority on every person having an interest in the house, whether as freeholder, mortgagee, lessee or otherwise.

—(1) If it appears to a local authority that any house in respect of which a demolition order or clearance order had been made by that authority under Part II or Part III of the principal Act before the commencement of this Act is capable of providing accommodation of a standard which is adequate for the time being, they may grant to the person who, but for the said order, would be entitled to authorise the occupation of the house a licence permitting the occupation of the house during such period as may be specified in the licence by such number of persons and on such terms as to the rent, repairs and other conditions on which the house may be occupied as may be so specified.

(2) While a licence granted under this section is in force in respect of a house, section one hundred and fifty-five of the principal Act (which contains provisions for the vacation of houses subject to demolition and clearance orders) shall not apply thereto.

(3) Where a licence in force under this section specifies a maximum rent in respect of a house, then, notwithstanding any order or direction for the time being in force under section seven of the Agricultural Wages Act, 1948, the value at which the house may be reckoned for the purposes of a minimum rate of wages fixed under that Act shall not exceed the maximum rent ao specified.

(4) Any licence granted by a local authority under this section may be revoked by that authority at any time, and shall be so revoked if it appears to the authority that the house is no longer

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act; 1954

Ch. 53

431

capable of providing such accommodation as aforesaid; and every such licence shall, unless previously revoked, cease to have effect at the expiration of the period of three years beginning with the commencement of this Act, or of such extended period as the Minister may in any particular case allow in pursuance of an application made by the local authority within the said period of three years.

(5) On the revocation or determination of a licence granted under this section in respect of a house subject to a demolition order, the local authority may, if they think fit, revoke the demolition order and purchase the house under section three of this Act as if that order had not been made; and in relation to such a purchase, the said section three shall apply as if subsection (3), and in subsection (4) the words from the beginning to " section fifteen ", were omitted.

(6) Subsection (4) of section two of this Act shall not apply to any house subject to a clearance order so long as a licence in respect of the house is in force under this section; and in calculating the period during which a compulsory purchase order for the purchase of such a house may be submitted under subsection (5) of the said section two, any time during which such a licence was in force in respect of the house shall be disregarded.

(7) Regulations 68A and 68AA of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, are hereby revoked; but any licence in force under those regulations in respect of a house immediately before the commencement of this Act shall continue in force and have effect as if granted under this section, and may be revoked thereunder accordingly.

Exchequer contribu, etc.

7.—(1) The Minister may out of moneys provided by Parliament make such contributions as are authorised by this section towards expenditure incurred by local authorities in respect of houses approved by the Minister for the purposes of this section, being-

in) houses of which the demolition is postponed under section two of this Act or in relation to Which a clearance order has been made with such a provision as is mentioned in section four of this Act; or

(b) houses purchased under section three of this Act or under that section as applied by section six of this Act

Part I

—com.

Exchequer contributions towards expenses of load

authorities in buying houses for temporary occupation.

432

Ch. 53

Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

, 1954

Part I (2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the —cont. contributions payable by the Minister in respect of any house shall be as follows, that is to say:—

(a) in the case of a house purchased by the local authority, an annual payment equal to one-half of the annual loan charges referable to die cost of the purchase, payable for each financial year during the whole or part of which the house or any part of the house is used for housing purposes with the approval of the Minister; and

(b) in any case an annual payment of three pounds or. in the case of a house containing at the date on which the house is approved for the purposes of this section more than one separate dwelling, of the said sum for each such dwelling, payable for fifteen years from die said date:

Provided that the Minister may from time to time by order direct that paragraph (b) of this subsection shall have effect, in relation to houses approved after the date on which the order comes into force, as if for the sum therein specified there were substituted such higher or lower sum as may be specified in the order.

(3) If it appears to the Minister that the expenditure incurred as a whole by a local authority in the repair, improvement and maintenance of houses approved by the Minister for the purposes of this section is unduly low having regard to the amount of the contributions for the time being payable in respect of those houses under paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of this section, be may withhold the whole or any part of the contributions payable under that paragraph to that authority.

(4) An order of the Minister under subsection (2) of this section shall be of no effect until it is approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

(5) For the purposes of the principal Act the expression " Exchequer contribution " shall include any contribution payable by die Minister to a local authority under this section.

(6) For the purposes of this section the annual loan charges referable to the cost of a purchase shall (whatever may be the manner in which the local authority have provided or intend to provide the money required for the purchase) be the annual sum which, in the opinion of the Minister, would fall to be provided by the local authority for the payment of interest an, and the repayment of, an amount of borrowed money equal to the said cost, being money the period for the repayment of which is sixty years.

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

433

8.—(1) A local authority to whom contributions are payable part I

by the Minister in respect of a house under section seven of this —com.

Act shall make out of the general rate fund for each financial Local year a contribution of an amount equal to the contributions so authorities’ payable by the Minister for that year in respect of the house. contributions.

(2) The Minister may from time to time by order direct that the foregoing subsection shall have effect, in relation to houses approved by him for the purposes of the said section seven after the date on which the order comes into force, as if for the reference to an amount equal to the contributions so payable by the Minister as aforesaid there were substituted a reference to an amount bearing such proportion to the said contributions as may be specified in the order.

An order of the Minister under this subsection shall be of no effect until it is approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament.

(3) Subsection (1) of section one hundred and twenty-nine of the principal Act (which relates to credits and debits in the housing revenue account) and subsection (2) of section one hundred and thirty of that Act (which relates to the disposal of balances in that account) shall have effect as if any reference to the contributions referred to in the Eighth Schedule to that Act included a reference to contributions payable under this section.

Standard of fitness for human , and

provisions connected therewith

9m—(1) In determining for any of the purposes of the principal Stwdard Act whether a house is unfit for human habitation, regard shall be had to its condition in respect of the following matters, that habitation, is to say—

(a) repair;

(b) stability;

ic) freedom from damp;

(d) natural fighting;

(e) ventilation;

(/) water supply;

(g) drainage and sanitary conveniences; and

ih) facilities for storage, preparation and cooking of food and for the disposal of waste water; and the house shall be deemed to be unfit as aforesaid if and only if it is so far defective in one or more of the said matters that it is not reasonably suitable for occupation in that condition.

(2) The provisions of the foregoing subsection shall be without prejudice to section twenty-two of the principal Act (which provides that certain back-to-back houses are to be deemed for the purpose of that Act to be unfit for human habitation).

434

Ch. 53

Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

, 1954

Part I (3) The following enactments shall cease to have effect, that —com, is to say:—

(a) subsection (4) of section one hundred and eighty-eight of the principal Act (which requires account to be taken of local byelaws in determining whether a house is fit for human habitation); and

(b) so much of any local enactment as specifies defects by reason of which a house is to be deemed for the purposes of section nine of that Act not to be in all respects fit for human habitation, or regulates the matters to be taken into consideration on an appeal under section fifteen of that Act in respect of a notice requiring the execution of works to remedy any defects so specified.

10.—(1) Where any person who incurs expenditure in complying with a notice under section nine of the principal Act requiring the execution of works for rendering a house fit for human habitation, or in defraying expenses incurred by a local authority under section ten of that Act in carrying out such works, is a lessee of the house or the agent of such a lessee, the lessee may recover from the lessor under the lease such part (if any) of that expenditure as may, in default of agreement between the parties, be determined by the county court to be just having regard—

(a) to the obligations of the lessor and the lessee under die lease with respect to the repair of the house,

(b) to the length of the unexpired term of the lease,

(c) to the rent payable under the lease, and

() to all other relevant circumstances.

(2) Where a person from whom any sum is recoverable under the foregoing subsection is himself a lessee of the house, the provisions of that subsection shall apply as if any sum so recoverable from him were expenditure incurred as mentioned in that subsection.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply in relation to any expenditure in respect of which a charging order is in force under section twenty of the principal Act, or in respect of which an application for such an order is for the time being pending.

(4) In this section " lease " includes an under-lease and any tenancy or agreement for a lease, under-lease or tenancy, and the expressions "lessee" and "lessor" shall be construed accordingly.

Houses let in 11,—(1) Where it appears to a local authority, in the case of

lodgings: a house within their district, or of part of such a house, which is

fbTowupatira ^et *n Edgings or occupied by members of more than one family, by number of that with respect to any such matters as are specified in para-families graphs ( )to (h) of subsection (1) of section nine of this Act accommodated, the premises are so far defective, having regard to the number

Recovery by lessees of proportion of expenses incurred in rendering houses fit for human habitation.

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

435

of individuals or households, or both, accommodated for the time being on die premises, as not to be reasonably suitable for occupation by those individuals or households, the authority may. without prejudice to any other powens exercisable in relation to the house under the principal Act or this Part of this Act. serve on the person having control of the house (as defined for the purposes of Part II of the principal Act) a notice—

(a) specifying the works which in the opinion of the authority are required for rendering the premises reasonably suitable for such occupation as aforesaid; and

(d) requiring that person, in default of the execution of those works within a period specified in the notice, to take such steps as are reasonably open to him (including if necessary the taking of legal proceedings) for securing that the number of individuals accommodated on the premises, or the number of households accommodated there, or both, is limited in any manner so specified.

(2) Nothing in the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts. 1920 to 1939, shall prevent possession being obtained of any house or part of a house possession of which is required for the purpose of complying with a requirement under paragraph

(h) of the foregoing subsection.

(3) A person who fails to comply with any requirement of a notice under this section shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds; and if the failure continues after conviction, he shall be guilty of a further offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two pounds for every day on which the failure so continues.

(4) Section fifteen of the principal Act (which provides for an appeal against certain notices and orders under Part II of that Act) shall apply in relation to a notice under this section as it applies in relation to a notice under the said Part II requiring the execution of works.

(5) The following enactments shall cease to have effect, that is to say: —

(a) section six of the principal Act (which enables local authorities to make byelaws with respect to working class houses, including byelaws restricting the letting of such houses for occupation by members of more than one family);

(d) section one hundred and fifty-five of the Public Health (London) Act, 1936 (which provides for the making of byelaws for fixing the number of persons who may

Part I

—cont.

436

Ch. 53

Part I

—com.

Houses let in lodgings: prevention of overcrowding

Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Euz2

Act, 1954

occupy a house in London which is occupied by members of more than one family, and for other purposes therein mentioned); and

(c) so much of any local enactment as amends, extends or applies the said section six or section ninety of the Public Health Act, 1875, section twenty-six of the Housing, Town Planning, &c. Act, 1919, or section six of the Housing Act, 1925, or confers powers to make byelaws for purposes specified in those sections respectively.

12.—(1) If it appears to a local authority, in the case of a house within their district, or of part of such a house, which is let in lodgings or occupied by members of more than one family, that excessive numbers of persons are being accommodated on the premises having regard to the rooms available, the authority may serve on the occupier of the premises or on any penoo having the control and management thereof, or on both, a notice—

(a) stating, in relation to any room on the premises, what is in the authority’s opinion the maximum number of persons by whom it is suitable to be occupied as sleeping accommodation at any one time, or, as the case may be, that it is in their opinion unsuitable to be occupied as aforesaid; and ib) informing him of the effect of subsection (3) of this section.

(2) For the purposes of paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection a notice may, in relation to any room, prescribe special maxima applicable in any case where some or all of the person occupying the room are under such age as may be specified h the notice.

(3) Any person who has been served with a notice under this section shall be guilty of an offence if, after the notice has become operative,—

(a) he causes or knowingly permits any room to which the notice relates to be occupied as sleeping accommodation otherwise than in accordance with the notice;or

(b) he causes or knowingly permits to be accommodated on the premises such a number of persons that it is not possible, without contravention of the foregoing paragraph or the occupation as sleeping accommodation of some part of the premises for which a maximum is not specified under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section, to avoid persons of opposite sexes and over the age of twelve years (other than persons living together as husband and wife) occupying sleeping accommodation in the same room.

1954 Housing Repairs and Rents Cu. 53 437

Act, 1954

(4) Any person committing an offence under this section shall Part 1 be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five —com. pounds and, where the offence of which he was convicted continues after conviction, to a further fine not exceeding two pounds for every day for which the offence so continues.

(5) Section fifteen of the principal Act (which provides for an appeal against certain notices and orders under Part II of that Act and determines the date on which a notice or order is to become operative) shall apply in relation to a notice under this section as it applies in relation to a notice under the said Part II requiring the execution of works; and in section one hundred and fifty-seven of that Act (which confers powers of entry for purposes connected with housing) the reference in paragraph id) to Part IV of the Act shall include a reference to this section.

(6) Where a local authority has served a notice under this section in respect of any premises, they may at any time withdraw the notice, without prejudice to anything done in pursuance thereof or to the service of another notice, or, if there is any material change of circumstances, they may substitute for the notice a further notice under this section; and, where a notice is withdrawn, subsection (3) of this section shall cease to apply in relation to the premises, without prejudice to its further application if a subsequent notice is served in respect of the same premises.

(7) The powers exercisable by a local authority under this section shall be without prejudice to those conferred by the last foregoing section, and nothing in this section shall be taken as prejudicing the provisions of Part IV of the principal Act (which relates to overcrowding in separate dwelling-houses).

13. The power of a local authority under subsection (6) of Power* of local section ten of the principal Act to appoint a receiver to enforce auih^c>rf the payment of expenses incurred under that section by the^ticauSer0 authority in carrying out works for rendering a house fit for s. 9 of principal human habitation on the default of the person having control of Act. the house, and interest thereon, shall be exercisable at any time after the expiration of one month from the date of the service under subsection (3) of that section of a demand for those expenses.

Miscellaneous amendments of Housing Acts

14.—(1) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act Amendments shall have effect with respect to the procedure for making to clearance clearance orders and certain compulsory purchase orders under the principal Act. purS!a«

(2) The powers of acquiring land comprised in or surrounded orien under by or adjoining a clearance area conferred by Part III of the pnnctpal Act*

438

Part I

—coil/.

Provisions relating to Housing Revenue Accounts.

Ch. 53 Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

principal Act shall not be restricted by the fact that buildings within that area have been demolished since the area was declared to be a clearance area.

(3) Where a local authority are authorised to purchase com- j pulsorily any house to be used for housing purposes under this Part of this Act or under Part V of the principal Act, and have j acquired the right to enter on and take possession of the house | by virtue of having served notice under paragraph 3 of the i Second Schedule to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, or section one hundred and forty-five of I the principal Act, as the case may be, the authority may, instead I of exercising that right by taking actual possession of the house, proceed by serving notice on any person then in occupation of the house or any part thereof authorising him to continue in occupation upon terms specified in the notice, or on such other terms as may be agreed; and accordingly, where the authority proceed in the manner authorised by this subsection,—

(a) the like consequences shall then ensue, with respect to the determination of the rights and liabilities of any person arising out of any interest of his in the house or any part thereof, as would have ensued if the authority had taken actual possession on the date of the notice, and the authority may deal with the premises in all respects as if they had done so; and

(b) for the purposes of section one hundred and twenty-one of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 (which provides for payment of compensation to persons | entitled to possession under short tenancies who are required to give up possession), any person who by I virtue of this subsection ceases to be entitled to receive ! rent in respect of any premises shall be deemed to have ! been required to give up possession thereof. j

IS.—(1) Section one hundred and twenty-eight of the principal | Act (which requires local authorities to keep a housing revenue | account in respect of certain houses, buildings, land and dwd- 1 lings therein mentioned) shall have effect as if the houses therein | mentioned included any house purchased by a local authority under section sixteen of that Act and any house approved by the Minister for the purposes of section seven of this Act; and , any reference in section one hundred and twenty-nine of that | Act (which relates to credits and debits in housing revenue accounts) to such houses, buildings, land and dwellings as art ! mentioned in the said section one hundred and twenty-eight i shall be construed accordingly. j

(2) A local authority shall in any financial year debit to their housing revenue account amounts equal to the loan charges which they are liable to pay for that year in respect of moneys

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

439

borrowed for the purpose of purchasing any houses to which the Part I foregoing subsection applies, or in respect of moneys —com. borrowed for the purpose of carrying out works on such houses.

16.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in paragraph (a) of sub- Amendments section (2) of section fifteen of the Housing Act, 1949, or in H?SdQ18 paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of section twenty of that Act Act*1949’ (which preclude the approval by the Minister of improvement proposals, or the approval by a local authority of an application for an improvement grant, unless the period for which the dwellings concerned are likely to provide satisfactory housing accommodation is not less than thirty years), the Minister or a local authority, as the case may be, may approve any such proposals or application if satisfied that the said period is likely to be more than fifteen years and that it is expedient in all the circumstances that the proposals or application should be approved.

(2) Paragraph (c) of subsection (3) of the said section twenty (which precludes the approval by a local authority of an application for an improvement grant unless the applicant has an absolute interest in the land or a leasehold interest with not less than thirty years to run) shall have effect as if for the reference to a period of not less than thirty years there were substituted a reference to whichever is the shorter of the following two periods, that is to say—

(a) thirty years; or

(b) a period equal to that for which the dwellings concerned

will provide satisfactory housing accommodation.

(3) Where an application for an improvement grant is approved under the said section twenty in respect of a dwelling which in the opinion of the local authority is not likely to provide satisfactory housing accommodation for a period exceeding twenty years from the completion of the works, the authority may by order direct that in relation to that dwelling subsection (1) of section twenty-three of the said Act (which applies to dwellings in respect of which such grants are made certain conditions specified therein for a period of twenty years) shall have effect as if for the period of twenty years therein mentioned there were substituted such shorter period as may be specified in the order.

(4) So much of subsection (4) of the said section twenty as prohibits the entertaining of an application for an improvement grant under that section where the estimated expenses of the works, or the relevant proportion of those expenses, exceeds the maximum amount therein specified shall cease to have effect; but without prejudice to subsection (1) of section twenty-one of the said Act (which limits the amount of an improvement grant to a sum not exceeding one-half of the approved expenses of

440 Ch. 53 Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

, 1954

Part I executing the works) the amount which may be paid by way of

—com. an improvement grant under the said section twenty in respect

of expenses incurred for the purposes of the execution of any improvement works shall not exceed four hundred pounds, or such other amount as may for the time being be prescribed by regulations under Part II of the Housing Act, 1949, for each dwelling provided or improved by the works:

Provided that if the local authority, with the concurrence of the Minister, are satisfied in the case of any particular application that in all the circumstances of the case there is good reasoo for the payment of a higher amount than the amount authorised under this subsection, die amount of the grant to be made in pursuance of the application may be increased (notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of the said section twenty-one) by such amount as may be determined by the authority with the consent of the Minister when they approve the application.

(5) It is hereby declared that estimates under subsection (2) of the said section twenty of expenses to be incurred for the purposes of the execution of improvement works may include the cost of the employment in connection with the works of an architect, engineer, surveyor, land agent or other person in an advisory or supervisory capacity.

(6) A local authority in fixing under section twenty-two of the said Act the rent for a dwelling in respect of which an improvement grant is to be made under that Act shall have regard to the age of the building, to the character and condition of the dwelling after die carrying out of the proposed improvement works, and to the cost of those works.

(7) In paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section twenty-three of the said Act (under which a dwelling, in respect of whose provision or improvement a grant has been made under secdoe twenty of that Act, must for twenty years remain let or available for letting at a maximum rent specified in that subsection except when occupied by the applicant for the grant or his devisee) for the reference to the person to whom the interest of the applicant in the dwelling has been devised by him there shall be substituted a reference to a person who on the death of the applicant with or without having disposed of that interest by will has become beneficially entitled to, or to an interest in, that interest or the proceeds of sale thereof.

This subsection shall have effect in relation to any dwelling whether the improvement grant in respect of it was made before or after the commencement of this Act

(8) Sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (c) of subsection (1) at section twenty-three of the said Act (under which the maximum rent payable for a dwelling in respect of which an improvement grant has been made under that Act is in certain cases determined

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

441

by reference to a percentage of so much of the cost of improve- Part I ment as is not set off by the grant) shall have effect, in relation to improvement works completed after the eleventh day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, as if for the words "six per cent." there were substituted the words "eight per cent".

17. A local authority by whom money has been advanced p°y'crs1 (whether before or after die commencement of this Act) on authorities in the mortgage of a house in pursuance of any enactment shall connection have power, and shall be deemed always to have had power, with lending to accept the deposit by the mortgagor of sums estimated to be money for required for the maintenance or repair of the mortgaged premises, and to pay interest on sums so deposited. purposes.

Iff.—(1) An order made under subsection (1) of section one Default hundred and sixty-nine of the principal Act (which enables the powers of council of a county in certain circumstances to make an order declaring the council of a rural district within the county to be in default and transferring to themselves powers of such a council) shall not come into force—

(a) in any case, until the expiration of a period of twenty-eight days beginning with the date on which the order is made;

(b) in a case where an appeal is brought under this section, unless and until the order is confirmed on the appeal.

(2) The council of a rural district may, at any time within the period mentioned in paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection, by notice in writing appeal to the Minister against any order made with respect to that council under the said section one hundred and sixty-nine; and in any such case the Minister shall give to the councils of the rural district and of the county, and to any other authority or person appearing to him to be interested, an opportunity to appear before and be heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose, and may either confirm the order with or without modification or quash the order.

19.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, an authori- Extension of sation in force at the commencement of this Act under section fOT use one of the Housing (Temporary Accommodation) Act, 1945 (which enables the Minister to authorise the use of open spaces housing during a limited period for temporary housing accommodation), accommoda-may, notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) of that section, t*on. he extended by order of the Minister so as to determine (unless previously revoked) on any date not later than the end of the year nineteen hundred and sixty-five.

442 Ch. 53 Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

, 1954

Part I (2) Not more than one order shall be made under this section —eont. in respect of any one authorisation; and before making an order under this section for extending any authorisation for a period exceeding five years, the Minister shall cause a local enquiry to be held.

(3) Every local authority who at the commencement of this 1 Act are using land for providing housing accommodation in pur- j suance of such an authorisation as aforesaid shall within six 1 months after the commencement of this Act submit to the Minister in such form as the Minister may require proposals for the exercise of the functions of the authority under Part V

of the principal Act with a view to the re-housing elsewhere of persons occupying housing accommodation on that land.

(4) The Minister may approve the proposals submitted by a local authority under subsection (3) of this section with or without modifications, and thereafter it shall be the duty of the authority to exercise their said functions in accordance with the proposals as so approved.

Management

of houses retained by local authorities for temporary occupation.

Supplemental

20.—(1) In respect of any houses purchased or retained by a local authority under section two, section three or section four of this Act for temporary use for housing purposes, the authority shall have the like powers as they have in respect of houses provided under Part V of the principal Act

(2) Section two of the principal Act (which implies in certain contracts for the letting of houses for human habitation a condition that the house is and will be kept by the landlord reasonably fit for human habitation) shall not apply to a contract for the letting by a local authority of any house purchased or retained by the authority as mentioned in subsection (1) of thk section.

Application 21.—(1) The proposals to be submitted under section one of

of Part I to this Act in respect of any metropolitan borough shall be sub-

London. mitted jointly by the London County Council and the council of

the borough.

(2) Paragraph (a) of the proviso to section thirty-three of the principal Act (which restricts the power of the council of a metropolitan borough to declare an area a clearance area pending the decision of the London County Council) shall cease to have effect.

(3) In the application of section eight of this Act to the London County Council, the reference in subsection (1) of dial section to the general rate fund shall be construed as a reference to the county fund.

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

443

21—(1) In this Part of this Act (including the First Schedule part l thereto) the expression " the principal Act " means the Housing —com. Act, 1936. Interpretation

(2) Any reference in this Part of this Act (except in section "itruction five) to a demolition order under Part II of the principal Act of Part i. shall be construed as including a reference to a closing order

made in lieu of or in substitution for a demolition order by virtue of section ten or section eleven of the Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953.

(3) This Part of this Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act; and without prejudice to the foregoing provision—

ia) any reference in the principal Act to an enactment con-

tained in that Act shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by this Part of this Act;

(b) any reference in that Act to Part II or Part III of that

Act shall be construed as including a reference to section three of this Act, or to section two of this Act, as the case may be.

Part 11

Repairs Increase in respbct of Controlled Dwelling-

HOUSES AND OTHER AMENDMENTS OF THE RENT ACTS, ETC.

Repairs Increase

23*—(1) Where a dwelling-house is let under a controlled Repairs tenancy or occupied by a statutory tenant, and the landlord is ^SdnLhouse responsible, wholly or in part, for the repair of the dwelling- in good house, then, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act,— repair.

(a) if and so long as the following conditions (hereinafter referred to as " the conditions justifying an increase of rent ") are fulfilled, that is to say—

(i) that the dwelling-house is in good repair; and

(ii) that it is reasonably suitable for occupation having regard to the matters specified in paragraphs (b) to (h) of subsection (1) of section nine of this Act; and

(b) if in accordance with the Second Schedule to this Act the landlord has produced satisfactory evidence that work of repair to the value specified in that Schedule has been carried out on the dwelling-house during the period so specified,

the rent recoverable from the tenant shall be increased by virtue of this subsection so as to exceed by the amount hereinafter mentioned the rent which apart from this subsection would be recoverable from the tenant under the terms

444 Ch. 53 Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Buz. 2

, 1954

Part II of the tenancy or statutory tenancy and having regard to the —com. provisions of any enactment.

(2) The amount of any increase payable by virtue of the last foregoing subsection (which increase is hereinafter referred to as a " repairs increase ") shall be at the annual rate of twice the statutory repairs deduction for the dwelling-house in respect of which the rent is payable:

Provided that where the landlord is responsible in part only for the repair of the dwelling-house, the amount of the repairs increase shall be reduced proportionately.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply if—

(a) the standard rent of the dwelling-house is such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (1) of section one of the Act of 1949 (which relates to standard rents fixed by reference to lettings beginning after the first day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine); or

(b) the rent for the dwelling-house, or a property comprising the dwelling-house, has at any time been fixed under section twenty-two of the Housing Act, 1949 (which section requires local authorities to fix rents for dwellings provided or improved with the aid of grants made by such authorities under that Act); or

(c) on the sale of the dwelling-house or any such property as aforesaid by a local authority a condition was imposed by the authority under section three of the Housing Act, 1952, limiting the rent at which the house might be let during a period from the completion of the sale; or

')the standard rent of the dwelling-house is a rent determined under section thirty-four of this Act.

(4) In this Part of this Act the expression " statutory repairs deduction ", in relation to a dwelling-house of any gross value specified in the first column of Part I of the Third Schedule to this Act (if the dwelling-house is in the administrative county of London) or of Part II of that Schedule (if the dwelling-house is elsewhere), means the corresponding amount specified in the second column of the said Part I or Part II.

(5) Any question arising under the foregoing provisions of this section whether the landlord is responsible for repairs or as to the amount of any reduction under die proviso to subsection (2) of this section shall be determined by agreement in writing between the landlord and the tenant or, on the application of either of them, by the county court.

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

445

24.—(1) If the rent recoverable in respect of any period, apart from any repairs increase and excluding the amounts mentioned in subsection (3) of this section, equals or exceeds twice the gross value of the dwelling-house, no sum shall be recoverable in respect of that period by way of repairs increase.

Part II —cont.

Rent not to be increased above twice gross value.

(2) Where apart from this subsection the amount recoverable by way of repairs increase in respect of any period would be such as to bring the rent recoverable in respect of that period, including the increase but excluding the amounts mentioned in die next following subsection, above twice the gross value of the dwelling-house, the amount recoverable as aforesaid shall be reduced so that the said rent recoverable by the landlord in respect of that period is equal to twice die gross value.

(3) The amounts to be excluded as aforesaid are the following: —

(a) any amount payable by the landlord in respect of the

period in question for rates (including water rents and charges) chargeable on, or which but for the provisions of any Act would be chargeable on, the occupier;

(b) any part of the rent recoverable for the period in question

which may have been agreed in writing 'between the landlord and the tenant or a former tenant of the dwelling-house (whether the agreement was made before or after the beginning of the tenancy or former tenancy), or at any time determined by the tribunal constituted under the Act of 1946 for the district in which the dwelling-house is situated, to represent payment for furniture or services used or provided under the terms of the tenancy or statutory tenancy current during the period in question;

(c) any amount recoverable for the period in question by

virtue of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two of the Act of 1920 (which allows increases of rent in respect of improvements, structural alterations, and additional or improved fixtures or fittings).

(4) Subsection <2) of section seven of the Act of 1938 (which relates to the ascertainment of the amount payable by the landlord for rates) shall apply for the purposes of this section as it applies for the purpose of computing the increase of rent permissible under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section two of the Act of 1920.

(5) In this section references to the gross value of a dwelling-house shall be construed, in relation to any period longer or shorter than a year, as references to the gross value thereof increased or reduced, as the case may require, in <the proportion which the period bears to a year.

446

Ch. 53

Part II —com.

Notice and

declarations

preliminary

to recovery of

repairs

increase.

Determination whether conditions fulfilled to justify increase of rent.

Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Buz. 2

Act, 1954

25. —(1) No sum shall be recoverable by way of repairs increase unless the landlord has served on the tenant or a former tenant of the dwelling-house a notice in the prescribed form of his intention to increase the rent (hereinafter referred to as a " notice of increase "), accompanied by—

(a) a declaration in the prescribed form that at the date of

service of the notice the conditions justifying an increase of rent were fulfilled; and

(b) a declaration in the prescribed form such as is mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act;

and no such sum shall be recoverable before, or in respect of any period before, such date as may be specified in the notice.

(2) The date specified in a notice of increase shall not he earlier than six clear weeks after the service of the notice.

(3) The forms prescribed for the purposes of this section shall be such as, taken together, to contain such information as appean to the Minister expedient for informing the tenant of the effect of this Act and in particular of the circumstances in which the repairs increase is recoverable from or may be withheld by file tenant, and of the way in which the amount of the increase is calculated.

(4) The county court, if satisfied that any error or omission in a notice of increase or a declaration accompanying such a notice is due to a bona fide mistake on the part of the landlord, shall have power to amend the notice or declaration by correcting any errors or supplying any omissions therein which, if not corrected or supplied, would render the notice or declaration invalid, and may exercise the said power on such terms and conditions as respects arrears of rent or otherwise as appear to the court to be just and reasonable; and a notice or declaration amended by virtue of this subsection shall have effect as a valid notice or declaration served on such date, not earlier than the date on which the original notice was served nor later than the date of amendment, as the court may direct.

26. —(1) On the service of a notice of increase under the last foregoing section or at any subsequent time, the tenant of file dwelling-house to which the notice relates may apply to the local authority for a certificate that either or both of the conditions justifying an increase of rent are not fulfilled; and the local authority, if satisfied that the dwelling-house foils to fulfil either or both of the conditions, shall certify accordingly in file prescribed form and the certificate shall be deemed to have been in force as from the application therefor.

(2) Where the local authority have granted a certificate under the last foregoing subsection and die tenant has served a copy of the certificate on the landlord, then during or in respect of any

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

447

period during which the certificate is in force no sum shall be Part n

recoverable by way of repairs increase in respect of the dwelling- —cons.

house; but if the landlord, in proceedings for the recovery of such a sum, satisfies the court that at the time when the certificate was given the conditions justifying an increase of rent were fulfilled, the court shall order that the certificate shall cease to be in force.

(3) Where an order is made under the last foregoing subsection as respects a certificate, it shall be deemed never to have been in force:

Provided that the court may, if it appears just so to do by reason of undue delay by the landlord in bringing the proceedings, order that it shall be deemed to have been in force until such date as may be specified in the order.

(4) Where after the giving of a certificate under subsection (1) of this section the landlord has executed to the satisfaction of the local authority such work as requires to be executed in order that the dwelling-house shall fulfil both the conditions justifying an increase of rent, the local authority shall on the application of the landlord revoke the certificate.

(5) Where on an application under the last foregoing subsection the local authority have refused to revoke a certificate, then if in proceedings for the recovery of any sum by way of repairs increase the landlord satisfies the court that at the time of the application both the conditions justifying an increase of rent were fulfilled the court shall order that the certificate shall cease to be in force and may order that it shall be deemed not to have been in force after such date, not earlier than the date of the application, as the court may specify.

(6) On any application under subsection (1) or subsection (4) of this section there shall be paid to the local authority such fee not exceeding one shilling as the local authority may determine; but where on an application under the said subsection (1) the local authority grant a certificate the applicant shall be entitled to deduct the fee from any subsequent payment of rent to the landlord.

27.—(1) The provisions of the last foregoing section shall apply to increases of rent permitted by paragraph (c) or id) of s^onto^ subsection (1) of section two of the Act of 1920 (which allow certain additions of fifteen and twenty-five per cent, respectively of the increases under net rent) and, as so applied, shall have effect in substitution Rcot Acte-for the provisions of the Rent Acts preventing die recovery of such increases, but subject to the modifications that—

(a) for the reference to a repairs increase there shall be substituted a reference to any such increase as aforesaid; and

le

44b

Ch. 53

Part II — con.

Passing on of repairs increase to sub-tenant

Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

(b) for the reference to the service of a notice of increase under section twenty-five of this Act there shall be substituted a reference to the service of a notice of increase in accordance with the provisions in that behalf of the Rent Acts.

(2) Notwithstanding the repeals effected by this Act—

(a) any certificate of a sanitary authority under the Rent

Acts that a dwelling-house is not in a reasonable state of repair shall, if in force immediately before the commencement of this Act, continue in force and have effect as if it were a certificate of the local authority given under this Part of this Act that the dwelling-house fails to fulfil both the conditions justifying an increase of rent; and

(b) any order of the court under the Rent Acts suspend-

ing an increase under paragraph (c) or paragraph () of subsection (1) of section two of the Act of 1920 until the court is satisfied that the necessary repairs have been executed shall, if in force immediately before the commencement of this Act, continue in force.

28,—(1) Whereto) the landlord of a dwelling-house is entitled to recover from the tenant of the dwelling-house in respect of any period any sum by way of repairs increase or under the following provisions of this section, and

(b) the tenant had or will have during that period a subtenant of premises (hereinafter referred to as " the subtenant’s dwelling-house") being or comprised in the dwelling-house mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection, and the sub-tenant is either sub-tenant under a controlled tenancy or a statutory tenant,

the rent recoverable from the sub-tenant in respect of that period shall be increased by virtue of this section so as to exceed by the amount set out in the next following subsection the rent which apart from this section would be recoverable from the sub-tenant under the terms of his tenancy or statutory tenancy and having regard to the provisions of any enactment.

(2) The said amount is—

(a) where the sub-tenant’s dwelling-house is the whole of the dwelling-house mentioned in .paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection, an amount equal to the sum mentioned in the said paragraph (a);

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

449

(6) where the sub-tenant’s dwelling-house is part only of the dwelling-house mentioned in the said paragraph (a), an amount equal to the just proportion of the said sum; and for the purposes of this subsection the just proportion of any gam shall be determined by agreement in writing between the tenant and the sub-tenant or, on the application of either of them, by die county court.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall be without prejudice to any right of the tenant to recover from the sub-tenant any sum by way of repairs increase under section twenty-three of this Act; but—

(a) any sum recoverable from the sub-tenant under this section shall be limited so as to secure that the annual amount thereof, together with the annual amount of any sum recoverable from the sub-tenant by way of repairs increase under section twenty-three of this Act, shall not exceed twice the statutory repairs deduction for the sub-tenant’s dwelling-house;

(b) section twenty-four of this Act shall apply as between the tenant and the suib-tenant as if the references in that section to any repairs increase or amount recoverable by way of repairs increase included respectively references to any increase under this section and any sum recoverable from the sub-tenant under this section.

(4) Section twenty-six of this Act shall with the necessary modifications apply to sums recoverable under this section as it applies to sums recoverable by way of repairs increase.

(5) Where, at the time at which a notice was served on the tenant under subsection (1) of section twenty-five of this Act, the tenant had a sub-tenant of the sub-tenant’s dwelling-house, no sum shall be recoverable from the sub-tenant under this section unless the tenant has served on the sub-tenant or a former subtenant of that dwelling-house a notice in the prescribed form of the tenant’s intention to increase the rent.

Any form prescribed for the purposes of this subsection shall contain such information as appears to the Minister expedient for informing the sub-tenant of the effect of the notice; and subsection (4) of the said section twenty-five shall apply to the form of any such notice.

(6) Any notice under the last foregoing subsection shall specify a date, not earlier than two clear weeks after the service of the notice, and not earlier than the beginning of the earliest period in respect of which the repairs increase is recoverable from the tenant as the date on which the increase under this section is to begin; and no sum shall be recoverable on account of the increase under this section before, or in respect of any period before, that date.

p

Part II

—cont.

450

Ch. 53

Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

, 1954

Part II 29. Where apart from this section a tenant would by virtue —corn. of any covenant or agreement (however expressed) affecting i Repairs controlled tenancy be under an obligation to pay any increase to of rent in consequence of the foregoing provisions of this Pan twice over. °* Act, ^eiJ without prejudice to the recovery from him of any increase under this Act he shall be relieved from that obligation.

Responsibility 30.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act and the

of landlord Second Schedule thereto and of paragraph () of subsection (1)

tor repairs. sectjon of the Act of 1920 the landlord shall be deemed,

as between himself and the tenant, to be wholly responsible for the repair of a dwelling-house in any case where the tenant u under no express liability to carry out any repairs.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection —

(a) the landlord shall be deemed for the purposes aforesaid

to be responsible, as between himself and the tenant, for any repairs which he is under an express liability to carry out, and for any other repairs (whether of the dwelling-house or of other premises) from time to time required for securing that the dwelling-house is in good repair, not being repairs which the tenant is under an express liability to carry out; and

(b) the extent to which the landlord is to be deemed responsible as aforesaid for the repair of the dwelling-house shall be determined by the proportion which the burden of carrying out the repairs for which the landlord is deemed to be responsible bears to the burden of carrying out all the repairs required for securing that the dwelling-house is in good repair, together with any other repairs which either the landlord or the tenant is under an express liability to carry out

(3) Where neither the landlord nor the tenant is under an express liability to carry out internal decorative repairs, then if not later than the service as respects the dwelling-house of a notice of increase under section twenty-five of this Act the landlord serves on the tenant a notice in the prescribed form electing that this subsection shall apply to the dwelling-house—

(a) the amount of any repairs increase recoverable by the

landlord in respect of the dwelling-house shall be reduced by one-third;

(b) the value of work required by the Second Schedule to

this Act shall be reduced in like manner;

(c) in determining for the purposes of this Part of this Act

whether the dwelling-house is or was at any time in good repair, the state of internal decorative repair of

# le

1954 Housing Repairs and Rents Ch. 53 451

Act, 1954

the dwelling-house and any other premises shall be Part n disregarded unless it is or was at the time in question —cont. such as to make the dwelling-house not reasonably suitable for occupation.

(4) Any form prescribed for the purposes of the last foregoing subsection may contain such information as appears to the Minister expedient for informing the tenant of the effect of the notice.

31. —(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act there shall Supplementary be disregarded, in determining whether a dwelling-house is in provisions as good repair, any defect due to any act, neglect or default by the to

tenant or any person claiming under him or to any breach by the tenant or such a person of an express agreement:

(Provided that this subsection shall not have effect in determining under subsection (1) or (4) of section twenty-six of this Act whether a certificate should be granted or revoked.

(2) Subject to subsection (3) of the last foregoing section and to die last foregoing subsection, for the purposes aforesaid a dwelling-house which is a part only of a building shall not be treated as in good repair unless any entrance, staircase or other part of the building which a tenant of the dwelling-house requires to use in connection with his occujpation of the dwelling-house is also in good repair.

32. A determination of the county court under subsection (5) Apportion-

of section twenty-three of this Act, under subsection (2) of section ments twenty-eight thereof or under subsection (3) of section forty- J£"ty court nine thereof shall be final and conclusive. conclusive.

Other amendments of Rent Acts

33.—(1) A tenancy where— Exclusion from

(a) the interest of the landlord belongs to the council of a of

county, county borough, county district or metropolitan y

borough or the Common Council of the City of authorities, London; or development

(b) the said interest belongs to a development corporation established under the New Towns Act, 1946; or association?

(c) the said interest belongs to any housing association (as and trusts, defined by the Housing Act, 1936) and the condition specified in the next following subsection is fulfilled; or

the said interest belongs to any housing trust which is subject to the jurisdiction of the Charity Commissioners,

shall not be a controlled tenancy, and shall not for the purposes of subsection (3) of section fifteen of the Act of 1920 (which

p 2

452

Ch. 53

Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Euz.

, 1954

Part 11 protects a sub-tenant where an interest of a mesne tenant comes

—cont. to an end) be deemed to be the interest of a tenant of a dwelling-

house to which the Act of 1920 applies:

Provided that where a tenancy was a controlled tenancy immo diately before the commencement of this Act, and the interest oi the landlord then belonged to such a council, corporation, association or trust as aforesaid, the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall not have effect as respects that tenancy before the expiration of six months from die commencement of this Act

(2) The condition mentioned in paragraph (c) of the last fore going subsection is that either—

(a) the premises comprised in the tenancy were provided

by the housing association in pursuance of an arrange ment under section ninety-four of the Housing Act, 1936, section twenty-seven of the Housing Act, 1935, or section twenty-nine of the Housing Act, 1930, or with the assistance of a local authority under section two of the Housing, &c. Act, 1923; or

(b) the housing association is registered under the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893, and the provision of the premises comprised in the tenancy forms part of the purposes for which its business is mainly conducted.

(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, after the expiration of six months from the commencement of this Act a person shall not by virtue of the Rent Acts be entitled, against any such council, corporation or trust as aforesaid or, if the condition specified in the last foregoing subsection is fulfilled, any such association as aforesaid, to retain possession as a statutory tenant.

(4) Section sixteen of the Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act, 1951 (which confers on a service man during his period of service with the armed forces security of tenure in respect of a rented family residence in respect of which he would otherwise have no statutory protection) shall have effect with the substitution, for paragraph ( ) of subsection (2) thereof, of the following paragraph: —

" (b) that the reversion immediately expectant on the tenancy qualifying for protection belongs to such a council, corporation, association or trust as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section thirty-three of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954, and, where it belongs to such an association, that the condition specified in subsection (2) of that section is fulfilled "

(5) Where, at a time when the application of the Act of 1920 to a tenancy (hereinafter referred to as " the superior tenancy ") of

~s

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

453

any premises is excluded by reason only of subsection (1) of Part n this section, a sub-tenancy is created of those premises or any part thereof, then in ascertaining, in relation to the sub-tenancy, what rent is recoverable from the sub-tenant, the Rent Acts and the Act of 1949 shall apply as if the superior tenancy were a controlled tenancy and neither the premises nor any part thereof had ever been let before the beginning of the superior tenancy.

(6) Paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of section three of the Act of 1939 (which excludes from the Rent Acts certain dwelling-houses belonging to local authorities) shall cease to have effect;

(a) where any order or judgment has been made or given

by a court before the commencement of this Act, but has not been executed, and in the opinion of the court the order or judgment would not have been made or given if this section had been in operation at the time when the order or judgment was made or given, the court may upon application by the tenant rescind or vary the order or judgment in such manner as the court thinks fit for the purposes of giving effect to this section;

(b) in relation to a tenancy not falling within subsection (1)

of this section, being a tenancy to which die Act of 1920 applies as from the commencement of this Act by virtue of the repeal of the said paragraph (c), the Rent Acts shall apply subject to the modifications set out in the Fourth Schedule to this Act.

(7) Subsection (3) of section three of the Housing Act, 1952 (which provides for the imposition by local authorities of conditions as to rent and other matters on the sale by them of houses) shall not apply to the sale of a house to any such council, corporation, association or trust as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

(8) Where it appears to the Minister that the terms of any arrangements entered into before the commencement of this Act under section ninety-four of the Housing Act, 1936, or entered into under section twenty-seven of the Housing Act, 1935, or section twenty-nine of the Housing Act, 1930, should be varied in consequence of the foregoing provisions of this section, the Minister may approve any variation of those terms agreed between the local authority and housing association who are parties to the arrangements or, if no agreement has been reached between the parties at the expiration of three months after the commencement of this Act, may on the application of either party determine that the arrangements shall have effect subject to such variation as he may specify.

and—

454

Part n —cant.

Provisions

taking effect

on cesser of

exemption

under

foregoing

section.

Ch. 53 Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

(9) In this section the expression " housing trust " means a housing trust as defined by the Housing Act, 1936, or a corporation or body of persons which, being required by die terms of its constituent instrument to devote the whole or substantially die whole of its funds to charitable purposes, would be a housing trust as so defined if the purposes to which it is so required to devote its funds were restricted to those to which it in fact devotes the whole or substantially the whole thereof.

34.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall apply to cases where—

(a) by virtue of the provisions of subsection (1) of the hit foregoing section the operation of the Rent Acts b excluded as respects a tenancy of any premises as respects which die interest in reversion immediately expectant on the termination of the tenancy belongs to an exempted authority;

(b) that interest ceases to belong to an exempted authority otherwise than on such a sale as is mentioned in subsection (3) of section three of the Housing Act, 1952; and

(c) at the time when it ceases to belong to such an authority there is no controlled tenancy or statutory tenancy subsisting in the whole of the premises.

(2) If an application is made to the local authority (whether before or after the interest ceases to belong to an exempted authority) to fix the standard rent for the said premises,—

(a) the local authority shall determine what rent is reasonable for the premises on a letting thereof on such terms and conditions, if any, other than terms and conditions fixing the amount of rent, as may be specified in the application; and

(b) as from the date of the application or the date on which

the said interest ceases to belong to an exempted authority, whichever is the later, the Rent Acts shall apply to the premises as if the standard rent thereof had been fixed by a letting from the date of the application at the rent so determined and on any terms or conditions specified as aforesaid, but on no other terms or conditions.

(3) An application under this section may be made by any person having an interest in the premises to which the application relates or any part of those premises, or any person who satisfies the local authority that he proposes to acquire such an interest:

Provided that where an application under this section is marig by a person who has not acquired such an interest at the time

1954 Housing Repairs and Rents Ch. 53

Act, 1954

of the application, then notwithstanding anything in paragraph

(b) of the last foregoing subsection any determination of the local authority made on the application shall not have effect unless and until the said person acquires such an interest.

(4) As from the time at which the interest mentioned in subsection U) of this section ceases to belong to an exempted authority, the Rent Acts shall, subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, have effect in relation to the premises as they have effect in relation to a dwelling-house to which they wore applied by the Act of 1939.

(5) Nothing in paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of this section, or in the last foregoing subsection, shall affect any sub-tenancy of a part of the premises which was subsisting before the said interest ceased to belong to an exempted authority, or any statutory tenancy arising on the coming to an end of any such subtenancy.

(6) In this section the expression " exempted authority " means any such council, corporation, association or trust as is mentioned in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section.

35. —(1) The Act of 1920 shall not apply to a dwelling-house Exclusion from

which consists, and consists only, of premises falling within either of

of the following paragraphs, that is to say,— housescon-

(a) separate and self-contained premises produced by converted or

version, after the commencement of this Act, of other erected after premises, with or without the addition of premises erected after the commencement of this Act; 111011

(b) premises erected after the commencement of this Act:

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect where the

premises consist of a dwelling .provided by works in respect of which a grant has become payable under the Housing Act, 1949.

(2) For the purposes of this section premises shall be treated as converted or erected after the commencement of this Act if the conversion or erection was completed thereafter, notwithstanding that it may have been (begun before the commencement of this Act.

(3) Section sixteen of the Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Qvil Interests) Act, 1951, shall have effect with the addition, after paragraph (b) of subsection (2) thereof, of the following paragraph: —

" <bb)that those premises are excluded from the operation

of the Rent Act of 1920 by section thirty-five of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954."

36. —(1) In section one of the Act of 1949 (which empowers Amendments the tribunal to determine the reasonable rent of a dwelling-Act house on the application of the landlord or the tenant, and 949‘

455

Part II

—amt.

456

CH. 53

Part II

—cont.

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

provides that if the reasonable rent, or the reasonable rent les permitted increases, is less than the standard rent it shall become the standard rent) for the words " is less than " in subsection (2) and in subsection (3) there shall be substituted die words " differs from

(2) The last foregoing subsection shall apply in relation to a determination whether it was made before or after the commencement of this Act:

Provided that notwithstanding anything in subsections (2) and

(3) of the said section one—

(a) an increase of standard rent effected by a determination made before the commencement of this Act shall not come into operation until a date specified in a notice of increase in the prescribed form served by the landlord on the tenant; and

(b) that date shall not be earlier than four clear weeks after the service of the notice.

(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of section four of the Act of 1949 (which among other things provides for the variation of apportionments made before the making of a determination under section one of that Act) where a determination made as respects any dwelling-house before the commencement of tins Act has effect by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section, any apportionment which is necessary lor determining the standard rent of a dwelling-house comprised in the first-mentioned dwelling-house, being an apportionment made 'before the coming into operation of the increase of rent effected by the determination, may be varied so as to accord with the determination:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect rent in respect of any period before the said increase comes into operation.

(4) Paragraph (a) of subsection (7) of section one of the Act of 1949 (which excludes from the jurisdiction of the tribunal under that section cases where the dwelling-house is under the management of a housing association or development corporation) shall cease to have effect.

(5) No application shall be made to the tribunal under section one of the Act of 1949 as respects any dwelling-house—

(a) for which (whether before or after the commencement

of this Act) a maximum rent has been fixed under section twenty-two of the Housing Act, 1949, or

(b) as respects which under section three of the Housing

Act, 1952, a condition has been imposed (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) limiting the rent at which it may be let, or

1954 Housing Repairs and Rents Ch. 53 457

Act, 1954

(c) an interest in which has ceased to belong to an exempted Part n authority as mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection —com.

(1) of section thirty-four of this Act, and has so ceased in the circumstances mentioned in paragraph (c) of that subsection,

and paragraph ib) of subsection (7) of the said section one (which excludes from the jurisdiction of the said tribunal cases where a limitation of rent is in force under any enactment) is hereby repealed.

37.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section the duty of Application the local authority, under section twenty-two of the Housing of Rent Acts Act, 1949, where application is made for a grant under that Act to fix a maximum rent for dwellings provided or improved by improved works in respect of which such a grant will be payable shall as with assistanc respects applications approved after the commencement of this under Part II Act extend to every dwelling so provided or improved which is, a^JSo18 or on a letting thereof would become, a dwelling-house to which Act*1949, the Act of 1920 applies.

(2) Where on an application approved after the commencement of this Act the local authority fix a maximum rent under the said section twenty-two as respects any such dwelling as aforesaid, then as from the date specified in the next following subsection or the date on which the Rent Acts become applicable to the dwelling in question, whichever is the later,—

(a) those Acts shall apply to the dwelling as if the standard rent thereof had been fixed by a letting from the date specified in the next following subsection at a rent equal to the maximum so fixed and on any terms or conditions' specified in the application, but on no other terms or conditions; and

(b) without prejudice to the generality of the last foregoing paragraph ,paragraphs (c) and id) of subsection (1) of section two of the Act of 1920 (which permit increases of fifteen and twenty-five per cent, respectively of the net rent) shall not apply.

(3) The date hereinbefore referred to is the date on which the local authority certify that the improvement works to which the application in question related have been completed to their satisfaction:

Provided that no increase of rent shall be recoverable by virtue of the last foregoing subsection until, or in respect of any period prior to, the expiry of one clear week after the landloni has served on the tenant a notice in the prescribed form.stating the amount of the standard rent fixed by the local authority and that the local authority have certified as aforesaid, but

p*

458

Part n —coni.

Exemption from s. 2 (2) of Act of 1949 for long leases.

Ch. 53 Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Euy 2

Act, 1954

subject as aforesaid any such increase shall be recoverable notwithstanding anything in the tennis of the tenancy or statutory tenancy or any enactment.

(4) The said section twenty-two shall not apply where before the approval of the application for a grant the tribunal under section one of the Act of 1949 has determined what is a reasonable rent for the dwelling.

(5) Paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section twenty-three of the Housing Act, 1949 (which contains provisions for limiting rents) shall not apply to a controlled tenancy; and the condition required to be observed by paragraph (b) of that subsection (which makes it a condition of any letting that the dwelling shall subject to certain exceptions, be let or kept available for letting at a rent not exceeding the maximum rent payable under the said paragraph (c)) shall be deemed to be observed so long as the dwelling is let on a controlled tenancy or kept available for being so let

(6) Where the standard rent of a dwelling is ascertained in accordance with subsection (2) of this section, and the standard rent of any part thereof falls to be ascertained by apportionment, it shall be ascertained by apportionment of the standard rent of the dwelling notwithstanding that the dwelling forms part of other premises which have previously been let.

(7) The proviso to paragraph (a) of subsection <1) of section two of the Act of 1920 (under which a permitted increase of rent in respect of an improvement may be suspended or reduoed on the ground of unnecessary expenditure) shall not apply to any increase authorised by that paragraph in respect of so much of the approved expense of executing works in respect of which an improvement grant is made under section twenty of the Housing Act, 1949 (or, as the case may be, of the approved proportion of that expense) as falls to be borne by the applicant for the improvement grant.

38.—(1) Subsection (2) of section two of the Act of 1949 shall not prevent the requiring of a premium as a condition of the assignment of a tenancy granted for a term of years certain exceeding twenty-one years.

(2) Where on the coming to an end of a tenancy the person who was tenant thereunder immediately before the coming to an end thereof becomes (whether by grant or by implication of law) tenant of the whole or any part of the property comprised therein under another tenancy, then if the first tenancy was, or is deemed by virtue of this subsection to have been, granted for a term .of years certain exceeding twenty-one years the second tenancy shall be deemed for the purposes of this section to be a tenancy granted for such a term.

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

459

39.—(1) Where a premium was paid on the grant, continuance, part jj renewal or assignment of a tenancy, then— —cont.

(a) if the premium consisted only of any such outgoings, sum Payments for

or amount as are specified in subsection (4) of section outgoings, two of the Act of 1949 (which allows an assignor to charge an assignee the outgoings properly payable by on grant or the assignee, the cost of reasonable expenditure on assignment alterations and improvements, or a reasonable amount of controlled for goodwill), it shall be treated for the purposes of tcnanc,cs* Part II of the First Schedule to the Act of 1949 as not having been paid;

(b) if the premium included any such outgoings, sum or

amount as aforesaid, it shall be treated for the said purposes as if only the residue thereof had been paid.

(2) A person shall not be guilty of an offence under section two of the Act of 1949 by reason only of the foregoing provisions of this section, or by reason only that—

(a) any payment of outgoings required by him on an assignment was a payment of outgoings referable to a period before the assignment took effect; or ib) any expenditure incurred by him in carrying out structural alterations of a dwelling-house, or in providing or improving fixtures therein, being expenditure in respect of which he required the payment of any sum on the assignment of a tenancy of the dwelling-house, was not reasonably incurred; or

(c) any amount paid by him as mentioned in paragraph (c)

of subsection (4) of section two of the Act of 1949 was not a reasonable amount; or id) any amount required by him to be paid on an assignment in respect of goodwill was not a reasonable amount,

but nothing in this subsection shall prejudice any right of recovery under subsection (5) of the said section two.

40.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have Increase for effect where a dwelling-house is let under a controlled tenancy in coat or is occupied by a statutory tenant, and— pro^Wunder

(a) the standard rent of the dwelling-house is the rent at pie-1939 which it was let on a letting beginning on or before the lettings, first day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, or an amount ascertainable by apportionment of a rent at which a property comprising the dwelling-house was let on such a letting as aforesaid (whether such an apportionment has been made or not), and

(b) services for the tenant are under the terms and conditions of the letting to be provided, or are provided, by the landlord.

p* 2

460

Ch. 53

Part n —coni.

Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Euz.2

Act, 1954

(2) If—

(a) by an agreement in writing relating to the services mentioned in paragraph (6) of the last foregoing subsection and made after the commencement of this Act between the landlord and the tenant or a former tenant of the dwelling-house it has been agreed that the bndtal shall be entitled to an increase of rent, of ah amount specified in the agreement, in respect of any die, over the period beginning with die third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine am) ending with the commencement of this Act, in the cost of the provision of the services, or

(b) on an application by the landlord the tribunal constituted under the Act of 1946 for the district in which the dwelling-house is situated has at any time after the commencement of this Act determined as rtspcctt the said services that in all the circumstances it is jut that the landlord should be entitled to an increase of rent, of an amount specified in the determination, in respect of any such rise as aforesaid,

the landlord shall be entitled to recover the amount of the increase agreed or determined as aforesaid notwithstanding anothing in the terms of the tenancy or statutory tenancy or any enactment, subject, however, to the provisions of the not following subsection.

(3) Where any such agreement or determination as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection has been made in respect of services which the landlord is not under die terms and conditions of the letting liable to provide, any withholding or restoration of those services (whether in whole or in part) shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (3) of section two of the Act of 1920 (which relates to the effect on recoverable tent of the transfer of burdens and liabilities between landlord asd tenant) as a transfer from the landlord or the tenant, as the case may be, of a burden previously borne by him.

(4) Any increase under this section recoverable by virtue of an agreement shall run from such date as may be specified is the agreement; and any increase thereunder recoverable by virtue of a determination of the tribunal shall run from the date of the determination.

(5) Before determining any application under paragraph (W of subsection (2) of this section the tribunal shall make such inquiries (if any) as they think fit and shall give the landlord and the tenant an opportunity of being heard or, at the option of the party, of submitting representations in writing.

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

461

41. Where a dwelling-house to which the Act of 1920 applies Part II

(hereinafter referred to as "the sub-let part") forms part of —cant,

premises, not being such a dwelling-house, which have been let Protection of as a whole on a superior letting, then from the coming to an end

of the superior letting the operation of the Rent Acts in relation to the sub-let part shall be the same as if in lieu of the superior v letting there had been separate lettings of the sub-let part and the remainder of the premises, for the like purposes as under the superior letting, and at rents equal to the just proportion of the rent under the superior letting.

42. —(1) The rights conferred on a member of a deceased Amendment tenant’s family by, and in the circumstances stated in, para- of meaning graph i ig) of subsection (1) of section twelve of the Act of

1920 shall extend to such a member, if the tenant left a widow Act of 1920. not residing with him at the time of his death.

(2) In accordance with the last foregoing subsection, the said paragraph (g) (which declares the expression " tenant " to include in certain circumstances the widow of a tenant or a member of the tenant’s family) shall be amended by inserting after the word "no " the word "such."

43. Sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (g) of the First Schedule Possession to the Act of 1933 (under which die court has power to give without the landlord possession of a dwelling-house, without alternative accommodation being provided, where the landlord requires the not to" house for an agricultural worker) shall cease to have effect, be ordered

on production of agricultural certificate.

44. —(1) Subsection (2) of section three of the Act of 1920 Date for (which relates to the time as from which permitted increases of permitted *ent are recoverable from a tenant) shall have effect, in relation j^08808 jo increases permitted by paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) of increases ration two of the Act of 1920 (which provides for increases of in rates, ent in respect of increases in the amounts payable by the land-

ord for rates), subject to the following provisions: —

(a) any such permitted increase shall be recoverable from,

and in respect of the period beginning with, the day specified in the next following subsection;

(b) where at the time when the notice of increase is served

the tenant is a statutory tenant, the amount of any such permitted increase may include an amount in respect of a period immediately preceding that mentioned in the last foregoing paragraph and beginning not earlier than six weeks before die date of service of the notice of increase nor earlier than the beginning of the statutory

462

Ch. 53

Part n

—cont.

Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act; 1954

tenancy, and any amount so included shall be deemed to be rent due on the day specified in the next following subsection.

(2) The day referred to in the last foregoing subsection—

(a) where at the time of service of the notice of increase the tenant is a statutory tenant, is the next day after the service of the notice on which an instalment of rent is payable under the terms of the statutory tenancy,

(b) in any other case, is the day after the date on which by virtue of subsection (1) of section one of the Rent Restrictions (Notices of Increase) Act, 1923, the notice of increase operates to terminate the tenancy.

(3) Where under any tenancy the amount of any such permitted increase for rates as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section is recoverable without a notice to terminate the tenancy being necessary in order to make the increase effective, the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply as they apply where at the time when the notice of increase is served the tenant is a statutory tenant, but with the substitution of references to the tenancy for references to the statutory tenancy.

(4) In this section the expression " notice of increase " means the notice of intention to increase rent served in conformity with subsection (2) of section three of the Act of 1920.

(5) In accordance with the foregoing provisions of this section the said subsection (2) shall be amended as follows: —

(a) after the words " no such increase shall " there shall be

inserted the words " save as provided by section forty-four of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954 ";

(b) the words " or, where such increase is on account of an

increase in rates, one clear week " shall cease to have effect.

(6) Where for any period for which a rate is demanded (hereinafter referred to as " the rating period ") the amount of the rate is increased, and by virtue of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section the amount of any consequent permitted increase for rates includes an amount in respect of a period preceding that mentioned in paragraph (a) of that subsection, paragraph () of subsection (1) of section twelve of the Act of 1920 (which provides that any increase in rates payable by t landlord shall be deemed to be payable by him until the rate is next demanded) shall not so extend the period for which file increase is recoverable as to make it longer than the rating period.

1954 Housing Repairs and Rents Cu. 53

Act, 1954

45.—(1) In determining for the purposes of the Rent Acts the standard rent of any dwelling-house, no account shall be taken of any letting of accommodation which at the material time was registered for the purposes of Regulation 68CB of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, and was let in accordance with toms and conditions so registered; and if that regulation is revoked, any such accommodation which is let as aforesaid immediately before the revocation shall not, as respects that letting, be treated as a dwelling-house to which those Acts apply.

(2) For the purposes of subsection (4) of section twelve of the Act of 1946 (which provides that that Act shall not apply to accommodation registered for the purposes of the said regulation 68CB which is let in accordance with the terms and conditions so registered) accommodation shall be treated as let as aforesaid, notwithstanding the revocation of that regulation, so long as any letting continues under which the accommodation was let as aforesaid immediately before the revocation.

46.—(1) Any notice of increase for the purposes of this Part of this Act and any notice under subsection (3) of section thirty of this Act, being a notice which apart from this section would be required to be served on a tenant of any premises, may be served on a prospective tenant of the premises, and references in this Part of this Act and the Second Schedule thereto to the landlord or the tenant shall be construed accordingly:

Provided that if the prospective tenant does not become tenant of the premises the notice shall have no effect.

(2) Subsection (2) of section 'twenty-five of this Act and paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (2) of section thirty-six thereof shall not have effect in the case of notices of increase served by virtue of this section.

(3) The power conferred by this Part of this Act to prescribe the form of notices shall include power to prescribe different forms according as a notice is to be served on a tenant or a prospective tenant.

47.—(1) Any notice for the purposes of this Part of this Act, and any copy of a certificate of the local authority under section twenty-six thereof, may be served by post.

(2) So much of subsection (5) of section seven of the Act of 1938 as enables documents to be served on agents or persons receiving rent shall apply for the purposes of this Part of this Act as if references therein to the principal Acts included references to this Part of this Act.

463

Part II

—cont.

Modification of Rent Acts and Act of 1946 as to accommodation registered under Defence Regulation 68 CB.

Service of notices on prospective tenants.

General provisions as to service of

notices.

464

Ch. 53

Part n —cottf. Procedure of county court and tribunal.

Interpretation of Part II.

Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

48. —(1) Subsection (1) of section seventeen of the Act of 1920 (which empowers the Lord Chancellor to make rules and give directions for the purpose of giving effect to that Act) shall apply in relation to this Part of this Act as it applies in relation to that Act.

(2) The power of the Minister under section eight of the Act of 1946 to make regulations with regard to proceedings before tribunals under that Act shall include .power to make regulation with regard to such proceedings under this Act.

49. —(1) In this Part of this Act (including the Second and Fourth Schedules thereto) the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say:-

" Act of 1920 " means the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920;

" Act of 1923 " means the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1923;

"Act of 1933" means the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act, 1933;

" Act of 1938 " means the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1938;

" Act of 1939 " means the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1939;

" Act of 1946 " means the Furnished Houses (Rent Control Act, 1946;

" Act of 1949 " means the Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act, 1949;

" controlled tenancy " means a tenancy to which the Act of 1920 applies;

" dwelling-house " means the aggregate of the land comprised in a controlled tenancy or prospective controlled tenancy, or the aggregate of the land of which a tenant retains possession as statutory tenant;

" good repair ", in relation to any premises, means that having regard to the age, character and locality of the premises they are in good repair both as respects structure and as respects decoration;

" landlord ", " tenant " and " tenancy " have the same meanings respectively as in the Act of 1920;

" local authority ", in relation to any premises, means the council of the county borough, county district or

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

465

metropolitan borough in which the premises are situated or, if the premises are situated in the City of London, the Common Council of the City of London;

" mortgage " includes any lien or charge, and die expression "mortgagee" shall be construed accordingly;

44 premium " includes any fine or like sum or any other pecuniary consideration in addition to rent;

44 prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by die Minister;

44 the Rent Acts " means the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts, 1920 to 1939;

44 repair " includes maintenance, but does not include improvement or structural alteration or the provision of additional or improved fixtures or fittings, and 44 repairs " shall be construed accordingly;

44 repairs increase " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section twenty-three of this Act;

44 statutory repairs deduction " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (4) of section twenty-three of this Act;

44 statutory tenant " means a tenant (as defined in paragraph (g) of subsection (1) of section twelve of the Act of 1920) who retains possession by virtue of the Rent Acts and not as being entitled to a tenancy, and 44 statutory tenancy " shall be construed accordingly;

44 tenant ", in relation to a landlord, and 44 sub-tenant ", in relation to a tenant, mean respectively immediate tenant and immediate sub-tenant.

(2) In the application of this Part of this Act to the Isles of Scilly, for the references to the council of a county district there shall be substituted references to the Council of the said Isles.

(3) References in this Part of this Act (to the gross value of a dwelling-house shall be construed as follows: —

(a) where on the appropriate day a value was shown with

respect to that dwelling-house in the valuation list then in force, the gross value shall be taken to be the value shown on that day in that list as the gross value of the dwelling-house;

(b) where on the appropriate day the value of any heredita-

ment comprising the dwelling-house was shown in the valuation list then in force, the gross value of the

Part 11

—com

466

Part II —cont.

Exclusion of statutory tenants from receipt of certain notices.

Ch. 53 Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

dwelling-house shall be taken to be die just propoilioo of the value shown on that day in that list as the gross value of the said hereditament;

and for the purposes of this subsection the just proportion of any value shall be determined by agreement in writing between the landlord and the tenant or, on the application of either of them, b/ the county court in like manner as that court apportions rateable values under subsection (3) of section twelve of the Act of 1920.

In this subsection the expression "the appropriate day" means—

(i) the day of the commencement of this Act, if on that day t

value was shown in the valuation Hst then in force as the gross value of the dwelling-house or of any hereditament comprising the dwelling-house;

(ii) in any other case, the first day after the commencement

of this Act on which a value was shown in the valuation list in force on that day as the gross value of the dwelling-house or any such hereditament as aforesaid.

Part III

Miscellaneous and General Provisions

50,—(l)For the purposes of head () of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 3 of the First Schedule to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946 (which provides for the service of notice of a compulsory purchase order on every owner, lessee or occupier of the land except tenants for a month or less) and of any corresponding enactment regulating the service of notices in connection with the compulsory purchase of land (including any such enactment contained in a local Act), an occupier being a statutory tenant within the meaning of Part II of this Act shall be deemed to be a tenant for a period less than a month.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall apply in relation to the following enactments, that is to say: —

(a) paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of section thirty-five of

the Housing Act, 1936 (which relates to redevelopment plans);

(b) sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph 3 of the Third Schedule

to that Act (which relates to clearance orders);

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

467

(c) sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph 3 of the First Schedule Part ill to the National Parks and Access to the Countryside —com. Act, 1949 (which relates to orders designating national parks and other orders under that Act);

W) any local enactment regulating the service of notices in respect of the proposed exercise of any powers in relation to land,

as it applies in relation to the enactments therein referred to.

51. Any power of the Minister to make regulations or orders Application of

under this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument. Statutory

Instruments

Act

52r—(1) In this Act " the Minister " means the Minister of Interpretation. Housing and Local Government.

(2) Any reference in this Act to any enactment is a reference thereto as amended, extended or applied by any subsequent enactment including any local enactment and including, unless the context otherwise requires, this Act.

53. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Financial Parliament any increase attributable to this Act in the sums provisions, payable out of such moneys under section one hundred and seventy-three of the Housing Act, 1936, paragraph 5 of the Schedule to the Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act, 1946, section fifteen, nineteen or twenty-five of the Housing Act, 1949, or Part 1 of the Local Government Act, 1948.

54.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Housing Repairs and Short title. Rents Act, 1954. commence-

ment, extent

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the expiration of and repeals, the period of one month beginning with the date on which it is passed.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

(4) The enactments and regulations mentioned in the Fifth Schedule ito this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that this subsection has effect subject to subsection

(7) of section six of this Act and to subsection (2) of section twenty-seven thereof.

|$ by

468 Ch. 53 Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

, 1954

SCHEDULES

Sections 14,22. FIRST SCHEDULE

Modifications of Procedure for Obtaining Clearance Orders and certain Compulsory Purchase Orders

1. —(1) A notice relating to—

(a) a compulsory purchase of land in or surrounded by or adjoin-

ing a clearance area under Part m of the principal Art, or

(b) a clearance order under the said Part ID, or

(c) a compulsory purchase of land under section three of this

Act or section sixteen of the principal Act, which by sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph 3 of the First Schedule to the principal Act, or sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph 3 of the Third Schedule to that Act, or paragraph (b) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 3 of the First Schedule to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, is to be served on an owner, lessee or occupier may be served in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph.

(2) The notice may be served on an owner, lessee or occupier of land by addressing it to him by the description of 44owner" or M lessee " or " occupier " of the land (describing it) to which it relates and by delivering it to some person on the premises or, if there is no person on the premises to whom it may be delivered, by affixing k, or a copy of it, to some conspicuous part of the premises.

(3) The provisions of this paragraph shall be without prejudice to the power to serve a notice in accordance with section one hundred and sixty-seven of the principal Act or paragraph 19 of the First Schedule to the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act 1946.

2. —(1) Where the Minister would apart from this paragraph be required to hold a public local inquiry relating to—

(a) a compulsory purchase of land in or surrounded by or

adjoining a clearance area under Part III of the principal

Act, or

(b) a clearance order under the said Part III,

in pursuance of paragraph 4 of the First Schedule or, as the case may be, of paragraph 5 of the Third Schedule to that Act, he may instead afford to any person by whom any objection has been duly made under the said First Schedule or the said Third Schedule, and who has not withdrawn his objection an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose, and shall consider the report of that person before deciding whether to confirm the order to which the objection relates.

(2) Section forty-one of the principal Act (which affords an objector to such an order as aforesaid the right to certain information) shall apply in relation to a hearing under this paragraph as it applies in relation to a public local inquiry.

3. The shortest permissible notice required to be given under section one hundred and forty-five of the principal Act (which enables a local authority to obtain possession of land after notice to treat and before completion of the purchase) shall be fourteen days instead of twenty-eight days.

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Ch. 53

469

SECOND SCHEDULE Proof of Past Repairs by Landlord

Sections 23,25. 30,46.

1. Subject to the provisions of the next following paragraph, the declaration mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section twenty-five of this Act is a declaration that during such period of twelve months as may be specified in the declaration, being a period falling within the fourteen months ending with the date of service of the notice of increase accompanying the declaration (which date is hereinafter referred to as " the relevant date ")• work of repair of a general description specified in the declaration has been carried out on the dwelling-house to a value not less than three times the amount of the statutory repairs deduction for the dwelling-house.

2. Where the relevant date falls within four months of the commencement of this Act, the declaration required by the said paragraph (b) to accompany a notice of increase may, in lieu of being such a declaration as is specified in the foregoing paragraph, be a declaration that during such period of three years as may be specified in the declaration, being a period falling within the four years ending with the relevant date, work of repair of a general description specified in the declaration has been carried out on the dwelling-house to a value not less than six times the amount of the statutory repairs deduction.

3. Where—

(a) under the terms of the tenancy, if the dwelling-house was let

at the relevant date, or,

(b) under the terms of the last subsisting tenancy, if the dwelling-

house had been let before the relevant date but was not let at that date,

the landlord is or was responsible in part only for the repair of the dwelling-house, the two foregoing paragraphs shall have effect respectively with die substitution for the values therein mentioned of those values proportionately reduced.

4. —(1) Within twenty-eight days after the relevant date the tenant may apply to the county court to determine whether work of repair has been carried out on the dwelling-house during the period specified in the declaration to a value not less than that so specified and whether that value is at least the value required by the foregoinjg provisions of this Schedule; and if on such an application the court is not satisfied that work of repair has been earned out as aforesaid and that the value specified m the declaration is at least the value required as aforesaid, the court shall certify accordingly and thereupon the notice of increase shall be, and be deemed always to have been, of no effect.

(2) Where, on such an application as aforesaid, it is necessary for the court to determine the extent to which the landlord is or was responsible for the repair of the dwelling-house,—

(a) section thirty-two of this Act shall apply to that determina-

tion, and

(b) notwithstanding anything in subsection (5) of section twenty-three of this Act, the determination shall have effect (so far as relevant) for the purposes of that section.

470

Ch. 53

l

Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 2

, 1954

2nd Sch. 5. Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing paragraph, the

—am/. service with a notice of increase of such a declaration as is required

by this Schedule shall be treated for the purposes of subsection (1) of section twenty-three of this Act as the production of satisfactory evidence that work has been carried out as mentioned in pan-graph (b) of that subsection; and subject as aforesaid the validity of a declaration shall not be questioned on the ground that the value of the work of repair stated in the declaration to have been carried out on the dwelling-house is less than that required by the foregoing provisions of this Schedule.

6. If in such a declaration any person makes a statement which be knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly makes a statement which is false in a material particular he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds.

7. —(1) For the purposes of this Schedule work which enured solely for the benefit of the dwelling-house shall be treated as having been carried out on the dwelling-house notwithstanding that the ate of the work was not comprised in the dwelling-house.

(2) For the purposes of this Schedule work which enured for tbs benefit of the dwelling-house and also of other premises shall, whether the work was carried out on a site comprised in the dwelling-house or elsewhere, be treated as having been carried out on the dwelling-house to a value equal to such proportion of the value of the wotk as ought to be apportioned to the dwelling-house.

(3) In the case of a building containing two or more dwelling-houses the landlord may elect that for the purposes of this Schedule the value of the work carried out on each of the dwelling-housei during any period shall be determined as follows: —

(a) there shall be ascertained the aggregate value of all work

of repair carried out during that period either on the bufidiag or so as to enure solely for the benefit of premises comprised in the building;

(b) the value of the work of repair carried out during that period on any of the dwelling-houses comprised in the building shall be taken to be an amount which bears to the amount of the statutory repairs deduction for that dwelling-house the same proportion as the aggregate value mentioned in the but foregoing sub-paragraph bears to the aggregate of the amounts of the statutory repairs deductions for all rite dwelling-houses comprised in the building.

8. For the purposes of this Schedule work shall be disregarded—

(a) if or in so far as it was carried out by and at the cost of the tenant or any predecessor in title of his, or by and at the cost of any person claiming under die tenant or any predecessor in title of his;

(h) if or in so far as die cost thereof has been or will be reimbursed under Part I of the War Damage Act, 1943.

1954 Housing Repairs and Rents Ch. 53 471

Act, 1954

THIRD SCHEDULE Section 23.

Gross Values and Statutory Repairs Deductions Part I

Dwelling-houses in County of London

First column Second column

Gross value

Statutory repairs

deduction

Exceeding Not exceeding

£ £ £

1 3 1

3 6 2

6 8 3

8 11 4

11 13 5

13 16 6

16 21 7

21 25 8

25 29 9

29 33 10

33 37 11

37 42 12

42 47 13

47 52 14

52 57 15

57 62 16

62 67 17

67 72 18

72 77 19

77 82 20

82 87 21

87 92 22

92 97 23

97 — 24

472

Ch. 53

Housing Repairs and Rents 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

, 1954

3rd Sch. Part n

Dwelling-houses outside County of London

First column Second cofano

Gross value

Statutory reptin

deduction

Exceeding Not exceeding

£ £ £

1 3 1

3 6 2

6 8 3

8 11 4

11 13 5

13 16 6

16 29 7

29 33 8

33 37 9

37 52 10

52 57 11

57 62 12

62 67 13

67 72 14

72 77 15

77 82 16

82 87 17

87 92 18

92 97 19

97 102 20

102 108 21

108 114 22

114 120 23

120 24

1954

Ch. 53

473

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

FOURTH SCHEDULE Modifications of Rent Acts in Application to Tenancies Previously Exempted under . 3 (2) (c) of Act of 1939

1. In the provisions specified in the following Table there shall be substituted, for the references to the passing or die commencement of the Act of 1939, references to the following date, that is to say-

fa) if on the eleventh day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, the dwelling-house was let under such a tenancy as is mentioned in paragraph of subsection (6) of section thirty-three of this Act, that date;

(b) in any other case, the date before the commencement of this Act on which it was first so let Tablb

Act of 1920 Section 1.

Section 2 (1) (a).

Section 2 (1) (b).

Section 7, proviso 0)*

Section 9 (1).

Section 10.

Section 12 (1) (a).

Section 12 (1)

Act of 1933 Schedule 1, paragraph (h).

2. In the Act of 1920 the proviso to section one shall be omitted.

3. In subsection (4) of section four of the Act of 1933 for the reference to the commencement of the Act of 1939 there shall be substituted a reference to the commencement of this Act

4. In section six of the Act of 1933 for the words from M at which the dwelling-house was let " to " the rent at which it was first let " there shall be substituted the words " at which the dwelling-house was let on file date specified in paragraph 1 of the Fourth Schedule to the Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954."

FIFTH SCHEDULE Repeals

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

lO&llGeo. 5. c. 17.

The Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920.

13dbl4 Geo.5. The Rent and Mortgage c. 32. Interest Restrictions

Act, 1923.

2S & 24 Geo. 5. c. 32.

The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act, 1933.

In section two, subsections (2), (4) and (5); in section three. In subsection (2), the words from "or where such" to "one clear week

Section five; in section eighteen, subsection (1), in subsection (3) the words " of a sanitary authority or" and the words "authority or" (in each place in which the last-mentioned words occur), and subsections (4) and (5).

Section twelve; in the First Schedule, in paragraph (?), the word "either ", the word "or " in the fourth place in which it occurs, and sub-paragraph (ii).

Section 33.

Section 54.

474

Ch. 53

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

2&3EuzJ

5th Sch. —com.

Session and Chapter

Short Tide

Extent of Repeal

26 Geo. 5.

1 Edw. 8. c. 51.

The Housing Act, 1936

In section two, in subsection (i\ the words "in all respect! reasonably *.

Sections six to eight.

In section nine, in subsection (1),

the words "in any respect" In section twenty-four, the words "subject to the provisions oi section eight of this Act *.

In section twenty-five, in pan* graph (a) of subsection (1), the words "by reason of disrepah or sanitary defects *.

In section thirty-three, paragraph (a) of the proviso.

In section forty, in subsection (2), the words " by reason of disrepair or sanitary defects In section forty-two, in subsection (1), the words "notwithstanding its sanitary defects In section fifty-one, in subsection (1), the words " in all rejects In section ninety-one, in subsection (2), the words "in aO respects*.

In section one hundred and seventy-five, paragraph (a) of subsection (1).

In section one hundred and

26 Geo. 5. A The Public Health 1 . Edw. 8. (London) Act, 1936. c. 50.

eighty-eight, in subsection (1), the definition of "sanitary defects *, and subsection (4).

In the Third Schedule, in paragraph 2, the words " by reason of disrepair or sanitary defects ".

Section one hundred and fifty-five.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 71.

12t 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 40.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 60.

The Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1939.

The Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control)

Art 1QAQ

The Housing Act, 1949

In section three, paragraph (c) of subsection (2).

In section one, subsection (7).

Section ten.

In section twenty, in subsection (4), the words from " nor mom than six hundred pounds* to the end of the subsection.

The Defence (General) Regulations, 1939.

In section twenty-one, the proviso to subsection (1).

In section twenty-three, in paragraph () of subsection (IX the words "in all respects *.

Regulations 68A and 68AA.

GOO

1954

Housing Repairs and Rents

Act, 1954

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Ch. 53

475

Short Title Session and Chapter

Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 ... Public Health Act, 1875 Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893 Housing, Town Planning, Ac. Act, 1919 ... Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55. 56 & 57 Vict. c. 39. 9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 35.

(Restrictions) Act, 1920 Rent Restrictions (Notices of Increase) Act, 10 All Geo. 5. c. 17.

1923 Housing Ac. Act, 1923 13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 13. 13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 24.

Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1923 Housing Act, 1925 Housing Act, 1930 Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions 13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 32. 15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 14. 20 A 21 Geo. 5. c. 39.

(Amendment) Act, 1933 Housing Act, 1935 Public Health (London) Act, 1936 Housing Act, 1936 Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest 23 A 24 Geo. 5. c. 32. 25 A 26 Geo. 5. c. 40. 26 Geo. 5. A1 Edw. 8. c. 50. 26 Geo. 5. A 1 Edw. 8. c. 51.

(Restrictions) Act, 1938 Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1 A 2 Geo. 6. c. 26.

1939 War Damage Act, 1943 Housing (Temporary Accommodation) Act, 2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 71. 6 A 7 Geo. 6. c. 21.

1945 Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act, 1946 Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Pro- 8 A 9 Geo. 6. c. 39. 9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 34.

cedure) Act, 1946 New Towns Act, 1946 Local Government Act, 1948 Agricultural Wages Act, 1948 Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act, 9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 49. 9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 68. 11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 26. 11 A 12 Geo. 6.C.47.

1949 Housing Act, 1949 National Paries and Access to the Country- 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 40. 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 60.

side Art, 1949 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 97.

Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Gvil Interests) Act, 1951 Housing Act, 1952 14 A 15 Geo. 6. c. 65. 15 A 16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953 1 A 2 Eliz. 2. c. 26.

Isle of Man (Customs)

' Act, 1954

2&3Euz.

476 Ch. 54

CHAPTER 54

Isle of Man (Customs) , 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Sugar, molasses, glucose and saccharin.

2. Application of provisions of Customs and Excise Act, 1952, to sugart!

etc.

3. Dried fruit.

4. Chicory.

5. Annual duties (continuation).

6. Short title and interpretation.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Duties on Sugar, etc.

Second Schedule—Duties on Dried Fruit.

An Act to amend the law with respect to customs in the Isle of Man.

[30th July, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Sugar, molasses, glucose and saccharin.

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, there shall, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, be payable on the removal or importation into the Isle of Man of the goods specified in the First Schedule to this Act duties of customs at the respective rates set out in that Schedule, the rates specified in the second column thereof applying to goods which are not Empire products and the rates specified in the third column thereof applying to goods which are Empire products.

(2) Where drawback is allowed on the removal of goods to the Isle of Man and, but for that, the goods would by virtue 37 & 38 Vict, of section two of the Customs (Isle of Man) Tariff Act, 1874, c. 46. have been admitted without payment of any duty imposed by

this section, the amount of the duty payable under this section on the removal of the goods shall not exceed the amount of that drawback.

(3) Where goods are removed into the Isle of Man from 15 & 16 Geo. 6. a warehouse approved under section eighty of the Customs and & i Eliz. 2. Excise Act, 1952, the amount of any duty payable under this c*AA' section shall not exceed the duty which would be chargeable

1954

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1954

Ch. 54

477

if they had then been delivered from the warehouse for general use in the United Kingdom.

(4) This section shall have effect as from the sixteenth day of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

2.—(1) The following provisions of the Customs and Excise Application

Act, 1952, that is to say— of provisions

of Customs

(«) sections two hundred and sixteen and two hundred and and Excise seventeen and paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of section Act» to two hundred and eighteen (which authorise the8Ugar*etc* Commissioners to remit, or give an allowance or drawback in respect of, United Kingdom duties on sugar, molasses, glucose and saccharin used for certain purposes), and

(b) paragraphs (c) and () of subsection (1) of section two hundred and eighteen (which authorise the Commissioners to allow drawback of those duties on the exportation of goods in the manufacture of which sugar, molasses, glucose or saccharin has been used),

shall apply to duties of customs payable on removal or importation into the Isle of Man as they apply to United Kingdom duties and, so far as relates to remission or drawback of any of the said duties under those enactments, or any allowance thereunder, that Act shall apply to the Isle of Man and have effect as if that Island formed part of the United Kingdom.

(2) Section two hundred and fourteen of the said Act (which authorises the Commissioners to charge sugar the polarisation of which has been reduced as if it were sugar of a polarisation exceeding ninety-nine degrees) shall apply to the said duties of customs as it applies to United Kingdom duties.

(3) In paragraph (g) of subsection (1) of section two hundred and twelve of the said Act the reference to the importation, storage and warehousing of saccharin shall include a reference to the removal or importation of saccharin into the Isle of Man, and its storage or warehousing in that Island, and subsections

(2) and (3) of that section shall apply accordingly.

(4) Any regulations which have effect under an enactment extended by thus section and which are in force at the commencement of this Act shall, subject to any necessary modifications, apply as if they were extended in like manner, but this subsection shall be without prejudice to the power of varying or revoking those regulations.

478 Ch. 54 Isle of Man (Customs) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

, 1954

(5) In this section the expression " United Kingdom duties " means any duties of customs chargeable on importation into the United Kingdom and any duties of excise charged in the United Kingdom.

Dried fruit. 3.—(1) There shall, until the first day of August, nineteen

hundred and fifty-five, be payable on the removal or importation into the Isle of Man of goods of the descriptions set out in the Second Schedule to this Act, not being Empire products, duties of customs at the respective rates set out in that Schedule.

(2) This section shall have effect as from the sixteenth day oi June, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

Chicory. 4.—(1) The enactments relating to the duties of customs on

chicory and mixtures of coffee and chicory removed or imported into the Isle of Man shall be amended as follows.

(2) In subsection (1) of section seven of the Act of 1933 (which relates to the full rates of duty) rates of 19s. Od. per cwt. and 3d. per lb. shall be substituted for the rates of 13s. 3d. per cwt. and 2d. per lb. respectively applicable to chicory (raw or kiln-dried) and chicory (roasted or ground).

(3) Section five of the Act of 1919 (which relates to Imperial Preference) shall have effect as if the reduced rates specified in the Second Schedule to that Act were, in the case of chicory (raw or kiln-dried), 16s. 9$. per cwt. and, in the case of chicory (roasted or ground), 2$. per lb.

(4) Mixtures of roasted coffee and roasted chicory shall be chargeable with duty at the like rates as roasted chicory.

(5) This section shall have effect as from the fourteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

Annual duties 5.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the duties of

(continuation), customs imposed on goods removed or imported into the Isle of Man, being goods of the descriptions set out in the first column of the following Table, by the respective enactments set out in the second column of that Table, shall continue to be payable until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-five:—

TABLE

Description of goods

Ale and Beer

Cocoa

Enactment Imposing Duty Section 3 of the Act of 1950. Section 4 of the Act of 1924.

Hops and extracts, essences and other Section 5 of the Act of 1925. similar preparations (other than hop oil) made from hops.

1954

Isle of Man (

Act, 1954

Ch. 54

479

Description of goods

Hop Oil

Matches

Mechanical Lighters

Silk and artificial silk and articles made wholly or in part of silk or artificial silk.

Enactment Imposing Duty

Section 3 of the Act of 1929.

Section 1 of the Act of 1951.

Section 5 of the Act of 1949, as amended by section 1 of the Act of 1953.

Section 7 of the Act of 1925, as amended by section 8 of the Act of 1926, section 9 of the Second Act of 1932, section 4 of the Act of 1933, section 3 of the Act of 1936, section 3 of the Act of 1937, section 4 of the Act of 1947, and subsection (2) of section 5 of the Act of 1948.

Spirits ... Sweets ... Tea

Tobacco Wines ...

Section 2 of the Act of 1948. Section 3 of the Act of 1949. Section 1 of the Act of 1949. Section 1 of the Act of 1948. Section 2 of the Act of 1949

(2) Where any enactment set out in the second column of the foregoing Table confers power on the Governor to make orders varying or repealing the duties of customs payable on the goods referred to in that enactment or imposing a new duty on such goods, the provisions of that enactment relating to the said power shall continue in force until the said first day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, and the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect subject to any orders made in pursuance of any such power (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) which are for the time being in force.

6.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) Short title and Act, 1954. interpretation.

(2) In this Act " Empire product " has the same meaning as in section five of the Act of 1919.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any enactment shall be taken as a reference to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment.

480

Section 1.

Ch. 54 Isle of Man (i )2 3 Eie. 2

Act, 1954

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Duties on Sugar, Etc.

Article Full rate Preferent

Sugar—

Of a polarization:— s. . s. <L

Exceeding—

99° the cwt 11 8*0 5 100

98° but not exceeding 99° the cwt. ... 11 8*0 4 9-2

97° but not exceeding 98° the cwt. ... 8 7-0 4 7-7

96° but not exceeding 97° the cwt. ... 8 4*3 4 6-3

95° but not exceeding 96° the cwt. • 8 1*6 4 4-8

94° but not exceeding 95° the cwt. , 7 10*9 4 3-3

93° but not exceeding 94° the cwt ... 7 8-2 4 1*9

92° but not exceeding 93° the cwt. •.. 7 5*6 4 0-5

91° but not exceeding 92° the cwt. , 7 2*9 3 110

90° but not exceeding 91° the cwt. •.. 7 0*2 3 9-6

89° but not exceeding 90° the cwt. ... 6 9*5 3 81

88° but not exceeding 89° the cwt. ... 6 6-8 3 6-6

87° but not exceeding 88° the cwt. •. • 6 4*6 3 5-5

86° but not exceeding 87° the cwt. p. . 6 2-3 3 4*2

85° but not exceeding 86° the cwt. • •. 6 0*3 3 3-1

84° but not exceeding 85° the cwt. ... 5 10-3 3 2-0

83° but not exceeding 84° the cwt. ... 5 8*3 3 10

82° but not exceeding 83° the cwt. • 5 6*3 2 11-9

81° but not exceeding 82° the cwt. ... 5 4-5 2 10*9

80° but not exceeding 81° the cwt. ... 5 2*7 2 9*9

79° but not exceeding 80° the cwt. • 5 0-9 2 8-9

78° but not exceeding 79° the cwt. . .. 4 11-1 2 8-0

77° but not exceeding 78° the cwt. •. • 4 9-3 2 7-0

76° but not exceeding 77° the cwt. •. • 4 7*5 2 6-0

Not exceeding 76° ... 4 6*0 2 51

Molasses— If containing—

70 per cent, or more of sweetening

matter the cwt. less than 70 per cent, and more than 50 per cent, of sweetening matter 7 5 3 Si

the cwt. not more than 50 per cent of sweeten- 5 4 2

ing matter the cwt. 2 7 1 31

1954 Isle of Man (Customs) Ch. 54,55

Article Act, 1954 Full rate Preferential

Glucose— s. . rate s. .

Solid the cwt. 7 5 3 8±

Liquid the cwt. 5 4 2 8

Saccharin (including substances of a like nature or use) the oz. 7 6 5 7*

In this Schedule " molasses " includes invert sugar and all other sugar and extracts from sugar which cannot be completely tested by the polariscope and on which duty is not specifically charged under this Schedule as sugar or glucose; and for the purposes of this Schedule the amount of sweetening matter in molasses shall be taken to be the total amount of cane, invert and 'other sugar contained therein as determined by analysis in manner prescribed by the Commissioners

SECOND SCHEDULE

Duties on Dried Fruit

Currants

Figs, dried

figs, drained or crystallized

fig cake

Plums, commonly called French plums and prunellos Plums, dried or preserved, not otherwise described,

but not including prunes

Raisins

2s. per cwt. 6s. per cwt. 7s. per cwt. 7s. per cwt. 7s. per cwt.

7s. per cwt. 7s. per cwt.

CHAPTER 55

Television , 1954 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. The Independent Television Authority.

2. Powers of Authority.

3. General provisions as to programmes and publications of Authority.

4. Advertisements.

5. Contracts for programmes.

6. Special provisions to be included in contracts.

7. Television broadcasting facilities in respect of certain sporting and

other events.

8. Advisory committees.

9. Government control over Authority as to certain matters.

10. General duty of Authority as to finance.

(1. Grants by Postmaster-General to Authority.

12. Advances by Postmaster-General to Authority.

Q

481

1st Sch. —cont.

Section 3.

482

Ch. 55

Television Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Section

13. Application of revenues.

14. Reserve fund.

15. Accounts, audit and reports.

16. Machinery for settling terms and conditions of employment of

Authority’s staff, etc.

17. Wages and conditions of employment of persons employed by pro-

gramme contractors.

18. Expenses of Postmaster-General.

19. Interpretation.

20. Short title and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Provisions as to the Independent Tetevisoo Authority.

Second Schedule—Rules as to Advertisements.

Third Schedule—Purposes for which Provision is to be made in Contracts with Programme Contractor.

An Act to make provision for television broadcasting services in addition to those provided by the British Broadcasting Corporation, and to set up a special authority for that purpose; to make provision as to the constitution, powers, duties and financial resources of that authority and as to the position and obligations of persons contracting with that authority for the provision of programmes and parts of programmes; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[30th July, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliaira* assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

The

Independent

Television

Authority.

1.—(1) There shall be an authority, to be called the Independent Television Authority (in this Act referred to as "the Authority ") whose function shall be to provide, in accordance with the provisions of this Act, and for the period of ten yean from the passing of this Act, television broadcasting services, additional to those of the British Broadcasting Corporation and of high quality, both as to the transmission and as to the matter transmitted, for so much of the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man and die Channel Islands as may from time to time be reasonably practicable.

(2) The Authority shall consist of a Chairman, a Deputy Chairman and such other members, not being less than five nor

1954

Television Act, 1954

Ch. 55

483

more than eight, as the Postmaster-General may from time to time determine:

Provided that unless and until the Postmaster-General otherwise determines by notice in writing to the Authority, a copy of which shall be laid before each House of Parliament, the number of the said other members shall be eight.

(3) All the members of the Authority shall be appointed by the Postmaster-General from among persons appearing to him to be qualified for the office, and of the members of the Authority other than the Chairman and Deputy Chairman three shall be persons who appear to the Postmaster-General to be suited to make the interests of Scotland, the interests of Wales and Monmouthshire and the interests of Northern Ireland, respectively, their special care.

(4) The Postmaster-General may at any time direct by notice in writing, a copy of which shall be laid before each House of Parliament, that any member of the Authority shall cease to hold office, and any member of the Authority may at any time by notice in writing to the Postmaster-General resign his office; but, save as aforesaid and subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, every member of the Authority shall hold office for such period, not exceeding five years, as may be fixed at the time of his appointment, and shall, on ceasing to be a member, be eligible for reappointment.

(5) If any member of the Authority dies or ceases to hold office before the expiration of the term for which he was appointed, the term of office of his successor shall be so fixed as to expire at the end of the first-mentioned term, but the Postmaster-General may, if he thinks fit so to do, defer the making of an appointment until the expiration of the said first-mentioned term.

(6) A person shall be disqualified for being appointed or being a member of the Authority so long as he is a member of the Commons House of Parliament or of either House of the Parliament of Northern Ireland or a Governor of the British Broadcasting Corporation.

(7) Before appointing a person to be a member of the Authority, the Postmaster-General shall satisfy himself that that person will have no such financial or other interest (and, in particular, no such financial or other interest in any advertising agency or in any business concerned with the manufacture or sale of apparatus for wireless telegraphy or other telegraphic equipment or in any business consisting or intended to consist in whole or in part in entering into or carrying out contracts with the Authority for the provision of programmes or parts of

Q2

484

Ch. 55

Television , 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Powers of Authority.

programmes) as is likely to affect prejudicially the discharge by him of his functions as member of the Authority, and die Postmaster-General shall also satisfy himself from time to time with respect to every member of the Authority that he has no such interest; and any person who is, or whom the Postmaster-General proposes to appoint to be, a member of the Authority shall, whenever requested by the Postmaster-General so to do. furnish to him such information as the Postmaster-General considers necessary for the performance by the Postmaster-General of his duties under this subsection.

(8) The Authority shall pay to each of their members, in respect of his office as such, such remuneration (whether by way of salary or fees) and such allowances as the Postmaster-General may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine in the case of those members respectively.

(9) If any member of the Authority, other than the Chairman thereof, is employed about the affairs of the Authority otherwise than as a member thereof, the Authority shall pay to that member such remuneration, if any, (in addition to any remuneration to which he may be entitled in respect of his office as a member) as the Postmaster-General may, with the approval o( the Treasury, determine.

(10) The Postmaster-General shall as soon as possible after the passing of this Act lay before each House of Parliament a statement of the remuneration and allowances that are or wiD be payable to the members of the Authority under this section and, if any subsequent determination by him under this section involves any departure from the terms of the said statement, the Postmaster-General shall, as soon as possible after determination, lay a statement thereof before each House of Parliament

(11) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act (which relate to the procedure of and other similar matters concerning the Authority) shall have effect with respect to the Authority.

(12) It is hereby declared that the Authority are not to be treated for the purposes of the enactments and rules of law relating to the privileges of the Crown as a body exercising functions on behalf of the Crown.

2.—(1) The Authority shall, subject to the provisions of tim Act, have power to do all such things as are in their opinion necessary for or conducive to the proper discharge of their function as described in subsection (1) of section one of this Act, and, in particular and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision, they shall for the purpose of discharging that function have power—

(a) to establish, install and use stations for wireless telegraphy;

1954

Television Act, 1954

Ch. 55

485

(b) to arrange for the provision and equipment of, or, if

need be, themselves to provide and equip, studios and other premises for television broadcasting purposes;

(c) by arrangements made for the purpose with the Post-

master-General and persons carrying on broadcast relay stations, to provide for the distribution from broadcast relay stations of programmes broadcast by the Authority.

(2) The programmes broadcast by the Authority shall, so far as may be consistent with the observance of the requirements of this Act, be provided not by the Authority but by persons (hereafter in this Act referred to as " programme contractors ") who, under contracts with the Authority, have, in consideration of payments to the Authority and subject to the provisions of this Act, the right and the duty to provide programmes or parts of programmes to be broadcast by the Authority, which may include advertisements; but the Authority may—

(a) arrange for the provision of parts of programmes other-

wise than as aforesaid for the purpose of securing the inclusion in the programmes of items of particular classes which in their opinion are necessary for securing a proper balance in the subject matter of the programmes and cannot, or cannot as suitably, be provided by programme contractors; and

(b) apart from the provision of such items, arrange for the provision, otherwise than as aforesaid, of, or, if need be, themselves provide, programmes or parts of programmes so far as may be necessary by reason of any temporary lack of suitable persons able and willing to become or continue as programme contractors on suitable terms and to perform their obligations as such, or by reason of any interval between the expiration or termination of one contract with a programme contractor and the commencement of another contract with that or another programme contractor,

and may, for the purpose of so providing programmes or parts )f programmes or putting themselves into a position to do so if necessity arises, make such arrangements for obtaining the necessary material, enter into such contracts, employ such persons, icquire such property and do such things as may appear to them o be necessary or expedient.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provisions of this section, the powers of the Authority shall extend o the carrying on of such businesses and the doing of such things is arise out of the other activities of the Authority or are neces-ary or expedient for the purpose of turning to account any iroperty or rights of the Authority.

486 Ch. 55 Television , 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(4) Notwithstanding anything in this section the Authority shall not carry on business as sellers of, or, except with the approval of the Postmaster-General, themselves engage in the manufacture or sale of, apparatus for wireless telegraphy or any other telegraphic equipment.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in this section, the Authority shall not have power to provide broadcasting services other than television services nor (except as provided by this section) to acquire any exclusive or other rights in respect of the broadcasting of any matters in sound only:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as precluding the inclusion in any programme broadcast by the Authority of matter transmitted in sound only—

(a) by way of relays of any of the British Broadcasting Corporation’s party political broadcasts which is so transmitted;

(b) in compliance with directions given to the Authority under section nine of this Act; or

(c) by way of news items, announcements or other items incidental or ancillary to the television services provided by the Authority,

or the acquisition by the Authority of rights in respect of any matter to be so transmitted.

(6) Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorising the Authority to do, otherwise than under and in accordance with a licence under section one of the Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1949, or section five of the Telegraph Act, 1869, anything for the doing of which such a licence is requisite under those Acts respectively, and those Acts shall have effect in relation to the Authority accordingly.

General 3.—(1) It shall be the duty of the Authority to satisfy them-

provisions as to selves that, so far as possible, the programmes broadcast by the Authority comply with the following requirements, that is to

tions of

Authority. (a) that nothing is included in the programmes which

offends against good taste or decency or is likely to encourage or incite to crime or to lead to disorder or to be offensive to public feeling or which contains any offensive representation of or reference to a living person;

(b) that the programmes maintain a proper balance in their subject matter and a high general standard of quality;

1954

Television , 1954

Ch. 55

487

(c) that any news given in the programmes (in whatever form) is presented with due accuracy and impartiality;

(d) that proper proportions of the recorded and other matter included in the programmes are of British origin and of British performance;

ie)that the programmes broadcast from any station or stations contain a suitable proportion of matter calculated to appeal specially to the tastes and outlook of persons served by the station or stations;

if) that due impartiality is preserved on the part of the

persons providing die programmes as respects matters of political or industrial controversy or relating to current public policy; and

ig) subject as hereinafter provided in this subsection, that

no matter designed to serve the interests of any political party is included in the programmes:

Provided that nothing in paragraph (g) of this subsection shall prevent—

(i) the inclusion in the programmes of relays of the whole

(but not some only) of a series of the British Broadcasting Corporation's party political broadcasts;

(ii) the inclusion in the programmes of properly balanced discussions or debates where the persons taking part express opinions and put forward arguments of a political character.

(2) It shall be the duty of the Authority to secure the exclusion from any publications which they may issue and, without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, from the programmes broadcast by them, of all expressions of their own opinion as to any of the matters referred to in paragraph (/) of the said subsection (1), or of the opinion as to any such matters of any of their members or officers, or of the opinion as to any such matters of any programme contractor or, in the case of a programme contractor which is a firm, of any partner therein or, in the case of a programme contractor which is a body corporate, of any director or officer thereof or person having control thereof.

(3) Nothing shall be included in any programme broadcast by the Authority, whether in an advertisement or not, which offers any prize of significant value, whether competed for or not, or any gift of significant value, being a prize or gift which is available only to persons receiving that programme, or in relation to which any advantage is given to such persons.

488

Ch. 55

Television , 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Advertise-

ments.

(4) Except with the (previous approval of the Authority, that shall not be included in any programme broadcast by the Authority—

(a) any religious service or any propaganda relating to

matters of a religious nature;

(b) any item, whether an advertisement or not, which gives

or is designed to give publicity to the needs or objects of any association or organisation conducted for charitable or benevolent purposes.

4.—(1) The programmes broadcast by the Authority may, so long as the provisions of this Act are complied with in relation thereto, include advertisements inserted therein in consideration of payments to the relevant programme contractor or, in the case of an advertisement included in a programme or part of a programme provided under paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section two of this Act, to the Authority.

(2) Orders for the insertion of the said advertisements may be received either through advertising or other agents or direct from the advertiser but neither the Authority nor any programme contractor shall act as an advertising agent.

(3) It shall be the duty of the Authority to secure that the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act are complied with in relation to the advertisements included in the programme broadcast by the Authority, whether provided by programme contractors or by the Authority.

(4) After consultation with the Authority the Postmaster-General may make regulations by statutory instrument amending, repealing, or adding to the provisions of the said Schedule.

(5) Without prejudice to any of the duties incumbent on the Authority otherwise than under this subsection in relation to advertisements, it shall be the duty of the Authority to oonsnlt from time to time with the Postmaster-General as to the classes and descriptions of goods or services which must not be advertised and the methods of advertising which must not be employed and to carry out any directions which he may give them in those respects.

(6) Nothing shall be included in any programmes broadcast by the Authority, whether in an advertisement or not wind states, suggests or implies, or could reasonably be taken to state, suggest or imply, that any part of any programme broadcast by the Authority which is not an advertisement has been supplied or suggested by any advertiser; and, except as an advertisemeot nothing shall be included in any programme broadcast by the Authority which could reasonably be supposed to have bees

1954

Television , 1954

Ch. 55

489

included therein in return for payment or other valuable consideration to die relevant programme contractor or the Authority:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as prohibiting the inclusion, in any part of a programme broadcast by the Authority which is not an advertisement, of any of the following matters, that is to say:—

(a) items designed to give publicity to the needs or objects of any association or organisation conducted for charitable or benevolent purposes;

(b) reviews of literary, artistic or other publications or pro-

ductions, including current entertainments;

(c) items consisting of factual portrayals of doings, happen-

ings, places or things, being items which hi the opinion of the Authority are proper for inclusion by reason of their intrinsic interest or instructiveness and do not comprise an undue element of advertisement;

(cl) announcements of the place of any performance included in the programme, or of the name and description of the persons concerned as performers or otherwise in any such performance, announcements of the number and description of any record so included, and acknowledgments of any permission granted in respect of any such performance, persons or record;

(e) such other matters (if any) as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Postmaster-General by statutory instrument after consultation with the Authority,

or as prohibiting the inclusion of an advertisement in any programme broadcast by the Authority by reason only of the fact that it is related in subject-matter to any part of that programme which is not an advertisement.

(7) Before making any regulations under this section die Postmaster-General shall lay a draft thereof before each House of Parliament, and shall not make the regulations until a resolution has been passed by each House of Parliament approving the draft.

5.—(1) It shall be the duty of the Authority to do all that they can to secure that persons who are disqualified persons as defined in this subsection do not become or continue as programme contractors, either alone or in partnership with other persons.

In this subsection, "disqualified person" means a person who—

(a) being an individual, is not ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man or the Channel

Q*

Contracts for programmes.

490

Ch 55

Television , 1954

2 & 3 Eiiz. 2

Special provisions to be included in contracts.

Islands, or being a body corporate, is incorporated under the laws of any country outside the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands; or

(b) being an individual or a body corporate, carries on

business as an advertising agent (whether alone or in partnership), or has control over any body corporate which carries on business as an advertising agent, or is a director or officer of any such body corporate, or is employed by any person who carries on business as an advertising agent;

(c) being a body corporate, is under the control of any such

person as is mentioned in the foregoing paragraphs of this definition, or of any two or more such persons together, or has among its directors, officers or servants any person who is a disqualified person otherwise than by virtue of paragraph (a) of this definition.

(2) It shall be the duty of the Authority to do all that they can to secure that there is adequate competition to supply programmes between a number of programme contractors independent of each other both as to finance and as to control.

(3) It shall be the duty of the Authority to do all that they can to secure that no programme contractor acquires any exclusive or other rights in respect of the broadcasting of any matter in sound only from stations in the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands, other than matter which is to be so broadcast in a programme or part of a programme provided by him under this Act.

(4) No contract and no interest in a contract between a programme contractor and the Authority shall be assignable either in whole or in part without the previous consent in writing of the Authority.

(5) The Authority may require from time to time from the programme contractor such declarations, returns, documents and other information as the Authority may consider necessary or advisable for the purpose of ensuring that the requirements of tins Act are complied with.

6.—(1) The contracts between the Authority and the various programme contractors shall contain all such provisions (including provisions for the purposes set out in the Third Schedule to this Act) as the Authority think necessary or expedient to be inserted for complying and securing compliance with the provisions of this Act and any restrictions or requirements imposed thereunder in relation to the programmes provided by the programme contractors:

Provided that the Authority shall not be enabled by any such contract to exercise any such power as is referred to in the said

1954

Television Act, 1954

Ch. 55

491

Third Schedule unless they are satisfied that it is necessary to do so having regard to a breach which they apprehend on the part of the programme contractor of any provision included in the contract in pursuance of this subsection.

(2) Every such contract shall in particular contain such provisions as the Authority think necessary or expedient as aforesaid for the payment by the programme contractor to the Authority of sums by way of penalty in the event of such breaches of his contract as may be specified in those provisions, and any such provision as is mentioned in this subsection shall be valid and enforceable in accordance with the terms thereof notwithstanding any rule of law restricting the cases in which or die extent to which provisions for penalties are legally enforceable:

Provided that every such contract shall be such as to secure—

Ia)that the maximum penalty which may be demanded by the Authority by virtue of this subsection in the case of any breach shall not exceed five hundred pounds on a first occasion, one thousand pounds on a second occasion, or one thousand five hundred pounds on any subsequent occasion; and

(b) without prejudice to the power of the parties to agree * upon any wider form of arbitration provision, that any dispute whether any such breach of contract has occurred as to give rise to a liability to such a penalty as aforesaid, or as to the amount demanded by way of penalty in respect of any such breach, shall be determined by arbitration.

13) Without prejudice to the previous provisions of this section, every contract between the Authority and a programme contractor shall contain a provision reserving to the Authority an absolute right, if, in view of any breaches by the programme contractor of his obligations under his contract with the Authority, the Authority, after giving the programme contractor a reasonable opportunity of making representations with respect to the matter, think it necessary so to do, to serve on the programme contractor a notice in writing, taking effect forthwith or on a date stated in the notice, to determine or suspend for such period as may be specified in the notice or until a further notice is given the Authority’s obligation to transmit the programmes supplied by the programme contractor (without prejudice, however, to the programme contractor’s obligations as to the supply of programmes up to the date when the notice takes effect); and where a notice is given in pursuance of a right reserved in accordance with this subsection, the programme contractor shall not be entitled to any compensation from the Authority or to any refund of any sum

Q*2

492

Ch. 55

Television Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

Television broadcasting facilities in respect of certain sporting and other events.

Advisory

committees.

previously paid by him or to any relief from any liability which has accrued at the date when the notice takes effect for any sums payable by him to the Authority:

Provided that the contract shall be such as to secure that no notice is given in pursuance of a right reserved as aforesaid unless such penalties as are mentioned in subsection (2) of this section have been paid or agreed to be paid or adjudged by arbitration to be payable by the contractor in respect of breaches of the contract occurring on at least three separate occasions.

(4) The provisions of this section relating to breaches of contract on the part of programme contractors shall be without prejudice to the right of the Authority to accept as a repudiation by a programme contractor any breach of contract by the programme contractor going to the root of the contract and to any other remedies of the Authority for the enforcement of their rights in respect of contracts with programme contractors, and shall not, except as expressly provided therein, affect the jurisdiction of any court in respect of such contracts.

7. —(1) With a view to preventing the making of exclusive arrangements for the broadcasting to a restricted audience of sporting or other events of national interest, the Postmaster-General may make regulations as to the grant to the Authority and programme contractors and to the British Broadcasting Corporation respectively of television broadcasting facilities in respect of such events.

(2) Regulations made under this section shall not apply to die broadcasting of a record of any event specified therein unless the visual images are transmitted within seven days after the happenings represented by those images respectively.

(3) The power to make regulations under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and before making any sad* regulations the Postmaster-General shall lay a draft thereof before each House of Parliament, and shall not make the regub-tions until a resolution has been passed by each House of Parliament approving the draft.

8. —(1) The Authority may appoint, or arrange for the assistance of, advisory committees to give advice to the Authority and programme contractors on such matters as the Authority may determine.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsection , the Authority shall in particular appoint, or arrange for the assistance of—

(a) a committee representative of the main streams of religious thought in the United Kingdom, die Isle of

1954

Television , 1954

Ch. 55

493

Man and the Channel Islands, to give advice to the Authority as to the exercise of their functions in relation to any such items as are mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (4) of section three of this Act, and on any other matters of a religious nature included in the programmes broadcast by the Authority, or in any publications issued by the Authority;

(b) a committee representative of organisations, authori-

ties and persons concerned with standards of conduct in the advertising of goods and services (including in particular the advertising of goods or services for medical or surgical purposes) to give advice to the Authority and programme contractors with a view to the exclusion of misleading advertisements from such programmes, and otherwise as to the principles to be followed in connection with the advertisements included in such programmes, or in any publications issued as aforesaid, and to prepare and submit to the Authority a code of such standards of conduct as aforesaid; and

(c) a committee representative of organisations, authorities

and persons having experience of and special interest in the welfare and education of children and young persons, to give advice to the Authority as to the principles to be followed in connection with the broadcasting in such programmes of matter intended for children or young .persons;

and it shall be the duty of the Authority to comply and secure compliance with the recommendations of the said committees, subject to such exceptions or modifications, if any, as may appear to the Authority to be necessary or proper having regard to the duties incumbent on the Authority otherwise than under this subsection.

9.—(1) The Postmaster-General and any other Minister of Government :he Crown may, if it appears to him to be necessary or expedient ?>n??L^cr jo to do in connection with his functions as such, at any time *

by notice in writing require the Authority to broadcast, at such matten. times as may be specified in the notice and from such of the stations used by them as may be so specified, any announcement so specified, with or without visual images of any picture, scene or object mentioned in the announcement, and it shall be he duty of the Authority to comply with the notice.

Where the Authority broadcast any announcement in pursii-ince of a notice under this subsection they may, if they think it, announce that they are doing so in pursuance of such a lotice.

494 Ch. 55 Television , 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. I

(2) The Postmaster-General may at any time by notice in writing require the Authority to refrain from broadcasting any matter or classes of matter specified in the notice, and it shall be the duty of the Authority to comply with the notice.

(3) The Postmaster-General may from time to time by notice in writing give directions to the Authority as to the maximum time, die minimum time, or both the maximum and the minimum time, which is to be given each day to broadcasts from any of the television broadcasting stations used by them, and as to the hours of the day in which such broadcasts are or are not to be given, and it shall be the duty of the Authority to comply with the notice.

(4) The Postmaster-General may at any time, if, after consultation with the Authority he thinks it necessary or expedient so to do for the purpose of extending the area served by the broadcasts of the Authority or improving the strength or quality of the transmission of those broadcasts, by notice in writing served on the Authority require the Authority to do or cause to be done all or any of the following things, that is to say, the adoption or use of such technical measures or processes as may be specified in the notice, or the installation, establishment, maintenance or use of such additional station, stations or apparatus as may be so specified, situate in such places and complying with such requirements as may be so specified, and it shall be the duty of the Authority to comply with the notice.

(5) Where a notice under the last foregoing subsection requires the Authority—

(a) to establish or use any additional station; or

(b) to install or use any additional transmitting apparatus

for the purposes of the transmission of an additional programme,

the Postmaster-General shall lay a copy of the notice before each House of Parliament.

(6) The powers conferred by this section are in addition to any powers specifically conferred on the Postmaster-General by any other provisions of this Act.

(7) In relation to any television broadcasting station in Northern Ireland, the reference in subsection (1) of this section to a Minister of the Crown shall be deemed to include a reference to any Minister of Northern Ireland.

General duty of Authority as to finance.

. 10. It shall be the duty of the Authority so to conduct their affairs as to secure that their revenues become at the earliest possible date, and thereafter continue, at least sufficient-fa) to meet all sums properly chargeable to revenue account (including sums required for the repayment of loans

1954

Television , 1954

Ch. 55

495

and interest thereon, for provision for depreciation and for the establishment and maintenance of their reserve fund); and ib) to make provision towards, and as soon as practicable for, necessary capital expenditure.

11. The Postmaster-General may, with the consent of the Giants by Treasury, pay to the Authority out of moneys provided by Par- 5222?^’ liament, such sums, not exceeding seven hundred and fifty ^uSScSty thousand pounds in any one financial year, as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine.

12. —(1) For the purpose of enabling the Authority to defray Advances by initial expenses and expenditure properly chargeable to capital account and of providing the Authority with working capital, the Authority. Postmaster-General, with the consent of the Treasury, may,

within five years beginning with the date of the passing of this Act, make advances to the Authority on such terms as to interest and repayment, and on such security, as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine:

Provided that not more than one million pounds shall be advanced under this subsection in the year beginning with the date of the passing of this Act nor more than two million pounds in all.

(2) The Treasury may issue to the Postmaster-General out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof such sums as are necessary to enable him to make advances to the Authority under subsection (1) of this section; and for the purpose of providing sums or any part of sums to be issued under this subsection, or to provide for the replacement of all or any part of sums so issued, the Treasury may, at any time, if they think fit, raise money in any manner in which they are authorised to raise money under the National Loans Act, 1939, and any securities created and issued to raise money under this subsection shall be deemed for all purposes to be created and issued under that Act

(3) Sums received by the Postmaster-General from the Authority in respect of advances made under subsection (1) of this section shall be paid into the Exchequer and shall be issued out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof at such times as the Treasury may direct and shall be applied by the Treasury as follows, that is to say—

(a) so much thereof as represents principal shall be applied

in redeeming or in paying off debt of such description as the Treasury think fit;

(b) 90 much thereof as represents interest shall be applied to

the payment of interest which would, apart from this provision, have fallen to be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the national debt.

496

Ch. 55

Television , 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Application of revenues.

Reserve fund.

Accounts, audit and reports.

(4) The Postmaster-General shall, as respects each financial year, prepare in such form and manna as the Treasury may direct an account of sums issued to him under subsection (2) of this section and of sums received by him from the Authority and paid into the Exchequer under subsection (3) of this section.

(5) Any account prepared under this section shall, on or before the thirtieth day of November next following the expiration of the financial year in question, ibe submitted to the Comptroller and Auditor General who shall examine and certify the account and lay copies thereof together with his report before each House of Parliament

13. —(1) Any excess of the revenues of the Authority for any financial year over die total sums properly chargeable by the Authority to revenue account for that year, including in such sums (without prejudice to the generality of that expression) sums credited under the next following section to the reserve fund of the Authority, shall be applied by the Authority in such manner as the Postmaster-General, with die approval of the Treasury and after consultation with the chairman (or in fab absence the deputy chairman) of the Authority, may direct.

(2) Any direction given under subsection (1) of this section may require the whole or any part of any such excess as aforesaid to be paid into the Exchequer.

14. —(1) The Authority shall establish and maintain a reserve fund.

(2) The management of the said fund, the sums to be carried from time to time to the credit thereof, and the application thereof shall be as the Authority may determine:

Provided that—

(a) no part of the said fund shall be applied otherwise than

for the purposes of the Authority;

(b) the Postmaster-General may, with the approval of the

Treasury, give to the Authority such directions as be thinks fit as to any matter relating to the establishment or management of the said fund, the carrying of sums to the credit thereof, or the application thereof, and the Authority shall comply with the directions.

15. —<1) The Authority shall keep proper accounts and proper records in relation to the accounts and shall prepare in respect of each financial year a statement of accounts in such form as the Postmaster-General with the approval of the Treasury may direct, being a form which shall conform with the best commercial standards.

1954

Television Act, 1954

Ch. 55

497

(2) The accounts of the Authority shall be audited by auditors to be appointed by the Authority with the approval of the Postmaster-General, and a person shall not be qualified to be so appointed unless he is a member of one or more of the following bodies—

The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales;

The Society of Incorporated Accountants;

The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland;

The Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants;

The Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland;

Any other body of accountants established in the United Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-one of the Companies Act,

1948, by the Board of Trade.

(3) As soon as may be after the end of every financial year, the Authority shall prepare a general report of their proceedings during that year, and transmit it to the Postmaster-General who shall consider it and lay copies thereof before each House of Parliament.

(4) The said report shall have attached thereto the statement of accounts for the year and a copy of any report made by the auditor thereon and shall also include such information relating to the plans, and past and present activities, of the Authority, and the financial position of the Authority, as the Postmaster-General may from time to time direct.

(5) The Authority shall at all reasonable times upon demand made by the Postmaster-General or by any person authorised by him in that behalf—

(a) afford to him or them full liberty to examine the

accounts of the Authority; and

(b) furnish him or them with all forecasts, estimates, infor-

mation and documents which he or they may require with respect to the financial transactions and engagements of the Authority.

16.—(1) Except so far as the Authority are satisfied that Machinery adequate machinery exists for achieving the purposes of this section, it shall be the duty of the Authority to seek corisulta- conditions of tion with any organisation appearing to them to be appropriate employment with a view to die conclusion between the Authority and that of Authority’s organisation of such agreements as appear to the parties to be Staff»etc-desirable with respect to the establishment and maintenance of machinery for—

(a) the settlement by negotiation of terms and conditions of employment of persons employed by the Authority

Television , 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

498

Ch. 55

with provision for reference to arbitration in default of such settlement of such cases as may be determined by or under the agreements; and

(b) the promotion and encouragement of measures affecting the safety, health and welfare of persons employed by the Authority and the discussion of other matters of mutual interest to the Authority and such persons.

(2) The Authority shall send to the Postmaster-General and the Minister of Labour and National Service copies of any such agreement as aforesaid and of any instrument varying the terms of any such agreement.

(3) In relation to any agreement affecting employment in Northern Ireland, the reference in subsection (2) of this section to the Minister of Labour and National Service shall be construed as including a reference to the Minister of Labour and National Insurance for Northern Ireland.

Wages and JL7.—(1) The wages paid by any programme contractor to

conditions of persons employed by him in connection with his business as such o^wraoStT an<* conditions of employment of persons so employed shall, employed by unless agreed upon by the programme contractor or any organi-programme sation representative of programme contractors and by organi-contractors, sations representative of the persons employed, be no less favourable to the person employed than the wages which would be payable, and the conditions which would have to be observed, under a contract which complies with the requirements of any resolution of the House of Commons for the time being in force applicable to contracts of Government departments; and if any dispute arises as to what wages ought to be paid, or what conditions ought to be observed, in accordance with this section, it shall, if not otherwise disposed of, be referred by the Minister of Labour and National Service to the industrial court for settlement.

(2) Where any award has been made by the industrial court upon a dispute referred to that court under this section, then, as from the date of the award or from such other date, not being earlier than the date on which the dispute to which die award relates first arose, as the court may direct, it shall be an implied term of the contract between the employer and workers to whom the award applies that the rate of wages to be paid, or the conditions of employment to be observed, under the contract shall, until varied in accordance with die provisions of this section, be in accordance with the award.

(3) In relation to employment in Northern Ireland, the references in this section to the House of Commons, Government departments, the Minister of Labour and National Service

1954

Television , 1954

Ch. 55

499

and the industrial court shall be construed as references to the House of Commons of Northern Ireland, departments of the Government of Northern Ireland, the Minister of Labour and National Insurance for Northern Ireland and an industrial court established in Northern Ireland under the Industrial Courts Act, 1919.

18. Any administrative expenses incurred by the Postmaster-General for the purposes of this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

19. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires—

" broadcast relay station " means a station for the retransmission by cable or wire to the customers of the persons maintaining the station of broadcast programmes which those persons receive either by cable or wire or by wireless from the persons who broadcast the programmes;

" control," in relation to a body corporate, means the power of a person to secure, by means of the holding of shares or the possession of voting power in or in relation to that or any other body corporate, or by virtue of any powers conferred by the articles of association or other document regulating that or any other body corporate, that the affairs of the first-mentioned body corporate are conducted in accordance with the wishes of that person;

" financial year " means the twelve months ending with the thirty.-first day of March;

" programme contractor" has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section two of this Act;

" wireless telegraphy ", " station for wireless telegraphy " and " apparatus for wireless telegraphy " have the same meanings as in the Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1949.

20. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Television Act, 1954.

(2) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

(3) Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that all or any of the provisions of tins Act shall extend to the Isle of Man or any of the Channel Islands with such adaptations and modifications, if any, as may be specified in the Order, and any Order in Council under this subsection may be revoked or varied by a subsequent Order in Council.

Expenses of Postmaster-General.

Interpretation.

Short title and extent.

500

Ch. 55

Television , 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Section 1.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Provisions as to the Independent Television Authority

1. The Authority shall be a body corporate with perpetual succession and a common seal and power to hold land without licence in mortmain.

In relation to land in Scotland, this paragraph shall have effect with the omission of the words " without licence in mortmain *.

2. The Authority may act notwithstanding a vacancy among their members.

3. The quorum of the Authority shall be three or such number not being less than three as the Authority may from time to time determine.

4. It shall be within the capacity of the Authority as a statutory corporation to do such things and enter into such transactions as are incidental or conducive to the exercise and performance of their powers and duties under this Act, including the borrowing of money.

5. —(1) A member of the Authority who is in any way directly or indirectly interested in a contract made or proposed to be made by the Authority shall, as soon as possible after the relevant circumstances have come to his knowledge, disclose the nature of his interest at a meeting of the Authority.

(2) Any disclosure made under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall be recorded in the minutes of the Authority and the member—

(a) shall not take part after the disclosure in any deliberation

or decision of the Authority with respect to that contract; and

(b) shall be disregarded for the purpose of* constituting a

Quorum of the Authority for any such deliberation or edsion.

6. Subject to the preceding provisions of this Schedule the Authority may regulate their own procedure.

7.—(1) The Authority may appoint a secretary and such other officers and take into their employment such other persons as they may determine.

(2) The Authority shall, as regards any officers or persons employed in whose case it may be determined by the Authority with the approval of the Postmaster-General so to do, pay to or in respect of them such pensions, or provide and maintain for them such pension schemes (whether contributory or not), as may be so determined.

(3) If any officer of or other person employed by the Authority, being a participant in any pension scheme applicable to his office or employment, becomes a member of the Authority, he may be treated for the purposes of the pension scheme as if his service as a member of the Authority were service as an officer of or person employed by the Authority.

1954

Television , 1954

Ch. 55

501

8. The application of the seal of the Authority shall be authenticated by the signatures of the chairman or deputy chairman of the Authority or some other member of the Authority authorised by the Authority to authenticate the application of the seal thereof, and of the secretary of the Authority or some other officer of the Authority authorised by the Authority to act in that behalf.

9. Any document purporting to be an instrument issued by the Authority and to be sealed as aforesaid or to be signed on behalf of the Authority shall be received in evidence and shall be deemed to be such an instrument without further proof unless the contrary is shown.

SECOND SCHEDULE Rules as to Advertisements

1. The advertisements must be clearly distinguishable as such and recognisably separate from the rest of the programme.

2. The amount of time given to advertising in the programmes shall not be so great as to detract from the value of the programmes as a medium of entertainment, instruction and information.

3. Advertisements shall not be inserted otherwise than at the beginning or the end of the programme or in natural breaks therein, and rules (to be agreed upon from time to time between the Authority and the Postmaster-General, or settled by the Postmaster-General in default of such agreement) shall be observed—

(a) as to the interval which must elapse between any two periods given over to advertisements;

(b) as to the classes of broadcasts (which shall in particular include the broadcast of any religious service) in which advertisements may not be inserted, and the interval which must elapse between any such broadcast and any previous or subsequent period given over to advertisements.

4. In the acceptance of advertisements, there must be no unreasonable discrimination either against or in favour of any particular advertiser.

5. The charges made by any programme contractor for advertisements shall be in accordance with tariffs fixed by him from time to time, being tariffs drawn up in such detail and published in such form and manner as the Authority may determine.

Any such tariffs may make provision for different circumstances and, in particular, may provide, in such detail as the Authority may determine, for the making, in special circumstances, of additional special charges.

6. No advertisement shall be permitted which is inserted by or on behalf of any body the objects whereof are wholly or mainly of a religious or political nature, and no advertisement shall be permitted which is directed towards any religious or political end or has any relation to any industrial dispute.

1st Sen. —amt.

Section 4.

502

Ch. 55

Television , 1954

2&3Euz.2

2nd Sch. 7. If, in the case of any of the television broadcasting stations used —com. by the Authority, there appears to the Authority to be a sufficient local demand to justify that course, provision shall be made for i reasonable allocation of time for local advertisements, of which a suitable proportion shall be short local advertisements.

Section 6. THIRD SCHEDULE

Purposes for which Provision is to be made in Contracts with Programme Contractors

1. For enabling the Authority to require the provision by the programme contractor to them in advance of scripts and particulars of the programmes or any part thereof, including advertisements, and of full details of the technical arrangements for obtaining visual images and sounds which are to form the programmes or any pan thereof.

2. For enabling the Authority to require the making of visual and sound records of the programmes or any part thereof (including advertisements) and the production thereof to the Authority for examination or reproduction.

3. For reserving to the Authority power to forbid the broadcasting of any matter, or class or description of matter.

4. For reserving to the Authority power to require that nothing shall be broadcast without the previous approval of the Authority.

GOO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Telegraph Act, 1869 Industrial Courts Act, 1919 National Loans Act, 1939 Companies Act, 1948 Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1949 32 & 33 Vict. c. 73. 9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 69. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 117. 11 & 12 Geo. 6.C.38. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 54.

1954 Landlord and Tenant Ch. 56

Act, 1954

CHAPTER 56

Landlord and Tenant , 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part 1

Security of Tenure for Residential Tenants Security of tenure for tenants under ground , etc.

Section

I. Protection of residential tenants on termination of long tenancies at

low rents.

1 Tenancies to which s. 1 applies.

Continuation and termination of tenancies to which s. 1 applies

3. Continuation of tenancies to which s. 1 applies.

4. Termination of tenancy by the landlord.

5. Termination of tenancy by the tenant.

Statutory tenancies arising under Part I

6. Application of Rent Acts where tenant retains possession.

7. Settlement of terms of statutory tenancy.

8. Provisions as to repairs during period of statutory tenancy.

9. Principles to be observed in determining terms of statutory tenancy as

to repairs and rent.

10. Provisions as to liabilities under tenant's covenants in former lease.

II. Operation of Rent Acts after end of period of statutory tenancy.

Provisions as to possession on termination of long tenancy

12. Grounds for resumption of possession by landlord.

13. Landlord's application for possession.

14. Provisions where tenant not ordered to give up possession.

Protection of sub-tenants on coming to end of superior long tenancy at low rent

15. Protection of Rent Acts not to be lost on coming to an end of superior

long tenancy at a low rent

General and supplementary provisions

16. Relief for tenant where landlord proceeding to enforce covenants.

17. Prohibition of agreements excluding Part I.

18. Duty of tenants of residential property to give information to landlords

or superior landlords.

19. Application of Part I to tenancies granted in continuation of long

tenancies.

20. Assumptions on which court to determine future questions.

21. Meaning of44 the landlord " in Part I and provisions as to mesne

landlords, etc.

21 Interpretation of Part I.

Part II

Security of Tenure for Business, Professional and other Tenants

Tenancies to which Part II applies

23. Tenancies to which Part II applies.

Continuation and renewal of tenancies

24. Continuation of tenancies to which Part II applies and grant of new

tenancies.

25. Termination of tenancy by the landlord.

26. Tenant's request for a new tenancy.

27. Termination by tenant of tenancy for fixed term.

28. Renewal of tenancies by agreement.

Ch. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

Application to court for new tenancies

Section

29. Order by court for grant of a new tenancy.

30. Opposition by landlord to application for new tenancy.

31. Dismissal of application for new tenancy where landlord successful!)

opposes.

32. Property to be comprised in new tenancy.

33. Duration of new tenancy.

34. Rent under new tenancy.

35. Other terms of new tenancy.

36. Carrying out of order for new tenancy.

37. Compensation where order for new tenancy precluded on certain

grounds.

38. Restriction on agreements excluding provisions of Part II.

General and supplementary provisions

39. Saving for compulsory acquisitions.

40. Duty of tenants and landlords of business premises to give informatioe

to each other.

41. Trusts.

42. Groups of companies.

43. Tenancies excluded from Part II.

44. Meaning of " the landlord " in Part II, and provisions as to men

landlords, etc.

45. Repeal of certain provisions of Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927.

46. Interpretation of Part II.

Part III Compensation for Improvements

47. Time for making claims for compensation for improvements.

48. Amendments as to limitations on tenant’s right to compensation.

49. Restrictions on contracting out.

50. Interpretation of Part III.

Part IV

Miscellaneous and Supplementary

51. Extension of Leasehold Property (Repairs) Act, 1938.

52. Amendment of Law of Property Act, 1925, s. 84.

53. Jurisdiction of county court where lessor refuses licence or consent

54. Determination of tenancies of derelict land.

55. Compensation for possession obtained by misrepresentation.

56. Application to Crown.

57. Modification on grounds of public interest of rights under Part IL

58. Termination on special grounds of tenancies to which Part II apples.

59. Compensation for exercise of powers under ss. 57 and 58.

60. Special provisions as to premises provided under Distribution of

Industry Acts, 1945 and 1950, etc.

61. Modification of Parts I and II in relation to tenancies of ecclesiastical

property.

62. Exercise of powers of Board of Trade.

63. Jurisdiction of court for purposes of Parts I and II and of Pan 1 o'

Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927.

64. Interim continuation of tenancies pending determination by court

65. Provisions as to reversions.

66. Provisions as to notices.

67. Provisions as to mortgagees in possession.

68. Repeal of enactments and transitional provisions.

69. Interpretation.

70. Short title and citation, commencement and extent.

L*

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

505

Schedules:

First Schedule—Supplementary Provisions as to Payments for Accrued Tenant’s Repairs.

Part I—Provisions as to making of payment in lump sum.

Part II—Provisions as to making of payment by instalments.

Part III—Variation of agreement or determination as to time for making payment

Part IV—Supplementary.

Second Schedule—Further Provisions as to Repair where Tenant retains Possession.

Third Schedule—Grounds for Possession on Termination of Tenancy.

Fourth Schedule—Modifications of Part I in relation to Periodical Tenancies.

Fifth Schedule—Provisions for purposes of Part I where Immediate Landlord is not the Freeholder.

Sixth Schedule—Provisions for purposes of Part II where Immediate Landlord is not the Freeholder.

Seventh Schedule—Repeal of Enactments.

Part I—Enactments repealed by Part II of this Act.

Part II—Other enactments repealed.

Eighth Schedule—Application of Part II to land belonging to Crown and Duchies of Lancaster and Cornwall.

Ninth Schedule—Transitional provisions.

An Act to provide security of tenure for occupying tenants under certain leases of residential property at low rents and for occupying sub-tenants of tenants under such leases; to enable tenants occupying property for business, professional or certain other purposes to obtain new tenancies in certain cases; to amend and extend the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927, the Leasehold Property (Repairs) Act, 1938, and section eighty-four of the Law or Property Act, 1925; to confer jurisdiction on the County Court in certain disputes between landlords and tenants; to make provision for the termination of tenancies of derelict land; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[30th July, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Security of Tenure for Residential Tenants

Security of tenure for tenants under ground , etc.

1. On the termination in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act of a tenancy to which this section applies the tenant shall be entitled to the protection of the Rent Acts subject to and in accordance with those provisions.

Protection of residential tenants on termination of long tenancies at low rents.

506

Part I

—c Tenancies to which s. 1 applies.

Ch. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

2.—(1) The foregoing section applies to any long tenancy at a low rent, being a tenancy as respects wihich for the time being the following condition (hereinafter referred to as " the qualifying condition ") is fulfilled, that is to say that the circumstances (as respects the property comprised in the tenancy, the use of that property, and all other relevant matters) are such that on the coming to an end of the tenancy at that time the tenant would, if the tenancy had not been one at a low rent, be entitled by virtue of the Rent Acts to retain possession of the whole or part of the property comprised in the tenancy.

(2) At any time before, but not more than twelve months before, the term date application may be made to the court as respects any long tenancy at a low rent, not being at the time of the application a tenancy as respects which the qualifying condition is fulfilled, for an order declaring that the tenancy is not to be treated for the purposes of this Part of this Act as a tenancy to which the foregoing section applies; and where such an application is made—

(a) the court, if satisfied that the tenancy is not likely, immediately before the term date, to be a tenancy to which the foregoing section applies, but not otherwise, shall make the order;

(b) if the court makes the order, then notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of this section the tenancy shall not thereafter be treated as a tenancy to which the foregoing section applies.

(3) Anything authorised or required to be done under the following provisions of this Part of this Act in relation to tenancies to which the foregoing section applies shall, if done before the term date in relation to a long tenancy at a low rent, not be treated as invalid by reason only that at the time at which it was done the qualifying condition was not fulfilled as respects the tenancy.

(4) In this Part of this Act the expression " long tenancy " means a tenancy granted for a term of years certain exceeding twenty-one years, whether or not subsequently extended by act of the parties or by any enactment.

(5) In this Part of this Act the expression " tenancy at a low rent " means a tenancy the rent payable in respect whereof (or where that rent is a progressive rent, the maximum rent payable in respect whereof) is less than two-thirds of the rateable value of the property comprised in the tenancy; and—

(a) if that property is a dwelling-house to which the Act of 1920 applies apart from the Act of 1939, the expression " rateable value " has in relation to it the same meaning in this subsection as it has in the Act of 1920 in relation to such a dwelling-house;

1954 Landlord and Tenant Ch. 56

Act, 1954

(b) if that property is not such a dwelling-house, the said expression has in relation to it the same meaning in this subsection as it has in the Act of 1920 in relation to a dwelling-house to which that Act applies by virtue of the Act of 1939.

(6) In this Part of this Act the expression " term date ", in relation to a tenancy granted for a term of years certain, means the date of expiry of the term.

Continuation and termination of tenancies to which s. 1 applies

3.—(1) A tenancy which is current immediately before the term date and is then a tenancy to which section one of this Act applies shall not come to an end on that date except by being terminated under the provisions of this Part of this Act, and if not then so terminated shall subject to those provisions continue until so terminated and shall, while continuing by virtue of this section, be deemed (notwithstanding any change in circumstances) to be a tenancy to which section one of this Act applies.

(2) Where by virtue of the last foregoing subsection a tenancy is continued after the term date, then—

(a) if the premises qualifying for protection are the whole of

the property comprised in the tenancy, the tenancy shall continue at the same rent and in other respects on the same terms as before the term date;

(b) if the premises qualifying for protection are only part

of the property comprised in the tenancy, the tenancy while continuing after the term date shall have effect as a tenancy of those premises to the exclusion of the remainder of the property, and at a rent to be ascertained by apportioning the rent payable before the term date as between those premises and the remainder of the property, and in other respects on the same terms (subject to any necessary modifications) as before the term date.

(3) In this Part of this Act the expression " the premises qualifying for protection " means the aggregate of the premises of which, if the tenancy in question were not one at a low rent, the tenant would be entitled to retain possession by virtue of the Rent Acts after the coming to an end of the tenancy at the term date.

(4) Any question arising under paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of this section as to the premises comprised in a tenancy continuing as mentioned in that paragraph, as to the rent payable in respect of a tenancy so continuing, or as to any of the terms of such a tenancy, shall be determined by agreement between the landlord and die tenant or, on the application of either of them, by the court.

507

Part I

—com.

Continuation of tenancies to which s. 1 applies.

508

Part I —cont. Termination of tenancy by the landlord.

Termination of tenancy by the tenant.

Ch. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

4. —<1) The landlord may terminate a tenancy to which section one of this Act applies by notice given to the tenant in the prescribed form specifying the date at which the tenancy is to come to an end (hereinafter referred to as " the date of tenmn-tion "), being either die term date of the tenancy or a later date:

Provided that this subsection has effect subject to the prowiooi of this Part of this Act as to the annulment of notices in certain cases and subject to the provisions of Part IV of this Act as to the interim continuation of tenancies pending the disposal of applications to the court.

(2) A notice under the last foregoing subsection shall not have effect unless it is given not more than twelve nor les than six months before the date of termination specified therein.

(3) A notice under subsection (1) of this section shall not have effect unless it specifies the premises which the landlord believes to be, or to be likely to be, the premises qualifying for protection and either—

(a) it contains proposals for a statutory tenancy, as defined

by subsection (3) of section seven of this Act, or

(b) it contains notice that, if the tenant is not willing to

give up possession at the date of termination of the tenancy, of all the property then comprised in the tenancy, the landlord proposes to apply to the court on one or more of the grounds mentioned in section twelve of this Act, for possession of the property comprised in the tenancy, and states the ground or grounds on which he proposes to apply.

(4) A notice under subsection (1) of this section shall invite the tenant, within two months after the giving of the notice; to notify the landlord in writing whether he is willing to give up possession as mentioned in paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection.

(5) A notice under subsection (1) of this section containing proposals such as are mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection

(3) of this section is hereinafter referred to as a " landlord's notice proposing a statutory tenancy ", and a notice under subsection (1) of this section not containing such proposals is hereinafter referred to as a " landlord’s notice to resume possession "

(6) References in this Part of this Act to an election by die tenant to retain possession are references to his notifying the landlord, in accordance with subsection (4) of this section, that he will not be willing to give up possession.

5. —(1) A tenancy to which section one of this Act applies may be brought to an end at the term date thereof by not les than one month’s notice in writing given by die tenant to the immediate landlord.

1954 Landlord and Tenant Ch. 56 509

Act, 1954

(2) A tenancy continuing after the term date thereof by virtue Part 1

of section three of this Act may be brought to an end at any —com.

time by not less than one month’s notice in writing given by the

tenant to the immediate landlord, whether the notice is given after or before the term date of the tenancy.

(3) The fact that the landlord has given a notice under subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, or that the tenant has elected to retain possession, shall not prevent the tenant from giving a notice terminating the tenancy at a date earlier than the date of termination specified in the landlord’s notice.

Statutory tenancies arising under Part

6.—(1) Where a tenancy is terminated by a landlord’s notice Application proposing a statutory tenancy the Rent Acts shall apply, subject as hereinafter provided, as if the tenancy (hereinafter referred to as " the former tenancy ")— possession.

(a) had been a tenancy of the dwelling-house, as hereinafter

defined, and

(b) had been a tenancy at a rent equal to the standard

rent agreed or determined in accordance with the next following section, and otherwise on the terms so agreed or determined and no other terms.

(2) The said Acts shall not apply as aforesaid, if at the end of the period of two months after the service of the landlord’s notice the qualifying condition was not fulfilled as respects the tenancy, unless die tenant has elected to retain possession.

(3) In this Part of this Act the expression "the dwelling-house " means the premises agreed between the landlord and the tenant or determined by the court,—

ia) if the agreement or determination is made on or after the term date of the former tenancy, to be the premises which as respects that tenancy are die premises qualifying for protection,

(6) if the agreement or determination is made before die term date of the former tenancy, to be the premises which are likely to be the premises qualifying for protection.

(4) The Acts of 1920 to 1938, as applied by subsection (1) of this section, shall have effect in relation to the dwelling-house as they have effect in relation to premises to which they were applied by the Act of 1939, but subject to the following adaptations, that is to say,—

(a) paragraph (h) of the First Schedule to the Act of 1933 (under which a landlord who purchased after the date therein mentioned is excepted from die provisions of that paragraph as to obtaining possession for occupation for himself or certain relatives of his) shall have

510

Part I

—cant.

Settlement of terms of statutory tenancy.

Ch. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 Euz.

Act, 1954

effect with the substitution, for the reference to the date therein mentioned, of a reference to the twenty first day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty; and

(b) subject to the last foregoing paragraph, the said Acts shall have effect as aforesaid with the substitution, foi references to the passing or the commencement of the Act of 1939, of references to the coming to an end of the former tenancy.

(5) Subsections (1) and (2) of section twenty-three of the Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954, shall not apply when the standard rent of the dwelling-house (within the meaning ol that section) is a rent agreed or determined in accordance with the next following section.

7.—(1) The standard rent of the dwelling-house during the period of the statutory tenancy, and the other terms on which the tenant and any successor to his statutory tenancy may retain possession of the dwelling-house during that period, shall be such as may be agreed between the landlord and the tenant or determined by the court; and for the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that section one of the Act of 1949 (which enables standard rents to be varied by a tribunal in certain circumstances) does not apply to the standard rent of the dwelling-house during the period of the statutory tenancy.

(2) A landlord’s notice proposing a statutory tenancy and anything done in pursuance thereof shall cease to have effect if by the beginning of the period of two months ending with the date of termination specified in the notice any of the following matters, that is to say,—

(a) what premises are to constitute the dwelling-house;

(b) what rent is to be the standard rent of the dwelling-house during the period of the statutory tenancy, the intervals at which instalments of that rent are to be payable, and whether they are to be payable in advance or in arrear;

(c) whether any, and if so what, initial repairs (as defined

in the next following section) are to be carried out on the dwelling-house;

() whether initial repairs to be so carried out are to be

carried out by the landlord or by the tenant, or which of them are to be carried out by the landlord and which by the tenant; and

(e) the matters required by the next following section to be

agreed or determined in relation to repairs before the beginning of the period of the statutory tenancy, has not been agreed between the landlord and the tenant and no application has been made by the beginning of the said

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act; 1954

Ch. 56

511

period of two months for the determination by the court of such of those matters as have not been agreed:

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect if at the end of the period of two months after the service of the landlord’s notice the qualifying condition was not fulfilled as respects the tenancy unless the tenant has elected to retain possession.

(3) In paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of section four of this Act, the expression 44 proposals for a statutory tenancy " means proposals as to the matters specified in paragraphs (b) to (e) of the last foregoing subsection, and such other proposals (if any) as to the terms mentioned in subsection (1) of this section as the landlord may include in his notice.

(4) Any such proposals—

(a) shall be made, and be expressed to be made, on the

assumption that the dwelling-house will be the premises specified in the landlord’s notice in accordance with subsection (3) of section four of this Act;

(b) shall not be treated as failing to satisfy the requirements of the said subsection (3) by reason only of a difference between the premises to which the proposals relate and the premises subsequently agreed or determined to be the dwelling-house, and in the event of any such difference the landlord shall not be bound by his proposals notwithstanding that they may have been accepted by the tenant.

(5) An application for securing a determination by the court in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this section shall be made by the landlord, and—

to) shall be made during the currency of the landlord’s notice proposing a statutory tenancy and not earlier than two months after the giving thereof, so however that if the tenant has elected to retain possession it may be made at a time not earlier than one month after the giving of the notice;

(b) subject to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection,

shall not be made for the determination of any matter as to which agreement has already been reached between the landlord and the tenant.

(6) In this Part of this Act die expression 44 the period of the statutory tenancy " means the period beginning with the coming to an aid of the former tenancy and ending with the earliest date by which the tenant, and any successor to his statutory tenancy, have ceased to retain possession of the dwelling-house by virtue of the Rent Acts.

.—Cl) Where it is agreed (between the landlord and die tenant, or determined by the court, that the terms mentioned in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section shall include the carrying

Part I

—amt.

Provisions as to repairs during period of statutory tenancy.

512

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

2 &3EuzJ

Part I

—corn.

out of specified repairs (hereinafter referred to as " initia repairs "), and any of the initial repairs are required in conse quence of failure by the tenant to fulfil his obligations under th< former tenancy, the landlord shall be entitled to a paymen (hereinafter referred to as a " payment for accrued tenant’! repairs ") of an amount equal to the cost reasonably incurred bj the landlord in ascertaining what repairs are required as aforesak and in carrying out such of the initial repairs as are so requirec and as respects which it has been agreed or determined as afore said that they are to be carried out by the landlord, excluding any part of that cost which is recoverable by the landlord otherwise than from the tenant or his predecessor in title.

(2) A payment for accrued tenant’s repairs may be mad< either by instalments or otherwise, as may be agreed or deter mined as aforesaid; and the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as to the time for, and method of, recovery of such payments, the persons from whom they axe tc be recoverable, and otherwise in relation thereto.

(3) The obligations of the landlord and the tenant as respects the repair of the dwelling-house during the period of the statutory tenancy shall, subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, be such as may be agreed between them or as may be determined by the court.

(4) The matters referred to in paragraph (e) of subsection (2) of the last foregoing section are;

(a) which of the initial repairs (if any) are required in

consequence of failure by the tenant to fulfil his obligations under the former tenancy and, where there are any initial repairs so required, the amount to be in* eluded in the payment for accrued tenant’s repairs in respect of the cost incurred by the landlord in ascertaining what initial repairs are so required;

(b) the estimated cost of the repairs so required, in so far as they are to be carried out by the landlord;

(c) whether any payment for accrued tenant’s repairs is to

be payable by instalments or otherwise, and if by instalments the amount of each instalment (subject to any necessary reduction of the last), the time at which the first is to be payable and the frequency of the instalments;

() whether there are to be any, and if so what, obligations as respects the repair of the dwelling-house during the period of the statutory tenancy, other than the execution of initial repairs.

(5) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect as respects cases where the landlord or the tenant fails to carry out initial repairs, as to the cost of carrying out

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

513

such repairs in certain cases and as to the making of a record. Part I where required by the landlord or by the tenant, of the state of repair of the dwelling-house.

9.—(1) Where it falls to the court to determine what initial Principles to repairs (if any) should be carried out by the landlord, the court be observed in shall not, except with the consent of the landlord and the tenant, require the carrying out of initial repairs in excess of statutory what is required to bring the dwelling-house into good repair tenancy as to or the carrying out of any repairs not specified by the landlord repairs and in his application as repairs which he is willing to carry out. mt

(2) In the last foregoing subsection the expression " good repair " means good repair as respects both structure and decoration, having regard to the age, character and locality of the dwelling-house.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of section seven of this Act, the court shall not have power to determine that any initial repairs shall be carried out by the tenant except with his consent.

(4) Any obligations imposed by the court under this Part of this Act as to keeping the dwelling-house in repair during the period of the statutory tenancy shall not be such as to require the dwelling-house to be kept in a better state of repair than the state which may be expected to subsist after the completion of any initial repairs to be carried out or, in the absence of any agreement or determination requiring the carrying out of initial repairs, in a better state of repair than die state subsisting at the time of the court’s determination of what obligations are to be imposed.

(5) Where it falls to the court to determine the rent which should be the standard rent of the dwelling-house during the period of the statutory tenancy, the court shall have regard in particular—

(a) to the state of repair of the dwelling-house which may

be expected to subsist after the completion of the initial repairs (if any) to be carried out or, in the absence of any agreement or determination requiring the carrying out of initial repairs, to the state of repair at the time of the court’s determination, and

(b) to the terms (other than terms as to rent, as to initial repairs %nd as to any payment for accrued tenant’s repairs) which will have effect as respects the dwelling-house during the period of the statutory tenancy

and the rent determined by the court shall be the rent which, irrespective of the personal circumstances of the parties, in its opinion would be a reasonable rent for the dwelling-house on a letting in that state of repair and on those terms.

R

514

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Part I

—cont.

Provisions as to liabilities under tenant’s covenants in former lease.

Operation of Rent Acts after end of period of statutory tenancy.

Grounds for resumption of possession by landlord.

10. —(1) If on the termination of the former tenancy the tenant retains possession of the dwelling-house by virtue of section six of this Act, any liability, whether of the tenant or of any predecessor in title of his, arising under the terms of the former tenancy shall be extinguished:

Provided that this subsection shall not affect any liability—

(a) for failure to pay rent or rates or to insure or keep

insured, or

(b) in respect of the use of any premises for immoral or illegal purposes,

or any liability under the terms of the former tenancy in so far as those terms related to property other than the dwelling-house.

(2) During the period of the statutory tenancy no order shall be made for the recovery of possession of the dwelling-house from die tenant on any of the grounds specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the First Schedule to the Act of 1933 (which relate to the recovery of possession where an obligation of the tenancy has been broken or where certain specified acts or defaults have bees committed) by reason only of any act or default which occurred before the date of termination of the former tenancy.

11. As from the end of the period of the statutory tenancy, the operation of the Rent Acts in relation to any premises which during that period were, or formed part of, the dwelling-house shall be the same as if neither the premises which were during that period the dwelling-house nor any part of those premises had ever been let before the end of that period:

Provided that nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall affect any part of the premises so long as a person retains possession of that part by virtue of the Rent Acts in consequence of a letting effected during the period of the statutory tenancy.

Provisions as to possession on termination of long tenancy

12.—(1) The grounds on which a landlord may apply to the court for possession of the property comprised in a tenancy to which section one of this Act applies are the following:—

(a) that for purposes of redevelopment after the termination

of the tenancy the landlord proposes to demolish or reconstruct the whole or a substantial part of the relevant premises;

(b) the grounds specified in the Third Schedule to this Act

(which correspond, subject to the necessary modifications, to the grounds on which a court may make an order for possession under the Rent Acts).

1954 Landlord and Tenant Ch. 56

Act, 1954

(2) In this section the expression " the relevant premises " means—

(a) as respects any time after the term date, the premises

of which, if the tenancy were not one at a low rent, the tenant would have been entitled to retain possession by virtue of the Rent Acts after the coining to an end of the tenancy at the term date;

(b) as respects any time before the term date, the premises

agreed between the landlord and the tenant or determined by the court to be likely to be the premises of which, if the tenancy were not one at a low rent, die tenant would be entitled to retain possession as aforesaid.

13.—(1) Where a landlord’s notice to resume possession has Landlord’s been served and either— application

(a) the tenant elects to retain possession, or OT P°8SCMI

(b) at the end of the period of two months after the service

of the landlord’s notice the qualifying condition is fulfilled as respects the tenancy, the landlord may apply to the court for an order under this section on such of the grounds mentioned in the last foregoing section as may be specified in the notice:

Provided that the application shall not be made later than two months after the tenant elects to retain possession, or, if he has not elected to retain possession, later than four months after the service of the notice.

(2) Where the ground or one of the grounds for claiming possession specified in the landlord’s notice was that mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, then if on such an application die court is satisfied that the landlord has established that ground as respects premises specified in the application, and is further satisfied,—

(a) that on the said ground possession of the specified

premises will be required by the landlord on the termination of the tenancy; and

(b) that the landlord has made such preparations (including

the obtaining, or, if that is not reasonably practicable in the circumstances, preparations relating to the obtaining, of any requisite permission or consent, whether from any authority whose permission or consent is required under any enactment or from the owner of any interest in any property) for proceeding with the redevelopment as are reasonable in the circumstances,

he court shall order that the tenant shall, on the termdna-ion of the tenancy, give up possession of all the property then comprised in the tenancy.

515

Part I

—com.

516

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

2 &3Euz.2

Part I — cof

Provisions where tenant not ordered

to give up possession.

(3) Where in a case hilling within the last foregoing subsection the court is not satisfied as therein mentioned, but would be satisfied if the date of termination of the tenancy had been such date (in this subsection referred to as " the postponed date ") as the court may determine, being a date later, but not more than one year later, than the date of termination specified in the landlord’s notice, the court shall, if the landlord so requires, make an order specifying the postponed date and otherwise to the following effect, that is to say:—

(a) that the tenancy shall not come to an end on the date of termination specified in the landlord’s notice but shall continue thereafter, as respects the whole of the property comprised therein, at the same rent and in other respects on the same terms as before that date;

(b) that unless the tenancy comes to an end before the postponed date, the tenant shall on that date give up possession of all the property then comprised in the tenancy.

(4) Where the ground or one of the grounds for claiming possession specified in the landlord’s notice was one mentioned in die Third Schedule to this Act, then if on an application made in accordance with subsection (1) of this section the court is satisfied that the landlord has established that ground and that it is reasonable that the landlord should be granted possession, the court shall order that the tenant shall, on the termination of the tenancy, give up possession of all the property then comprised in the tenancy.

(5) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall prejudice any power of the tenant under section five of this Act to terminate the tenancy; and subsection (2) of that section shall apply where the tenancy is continued by an order under subsection (3) of this section as it applies where the tenancy is continued by virtue of section three of this Act.

14.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where in a case falling within paragraph (a) or ( of subsection (1) of the last foregoing section the landlord does not obtain an order under the last foregoing section.

(2) If at the expiration of the period within which an application under the last foregoing section may be made the landlord has not made such an application, the landlord’s notice, and anything done in pursuance thereof, shall thereupon cease to have effect.

(3) If before the expiration of the said period the landlord has made an application under the last foregoing section, but the result of the application, at the time when it is finally disposed of, is that no order is made, the landlord’s notice shall

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

517

cease to have effect; but if within one month after the applica- Part 1

tion to the court is finally disposed of the landlord gives a —com.

landlord's notice proposing a statutory tenancy, the earliest date which may be specified therein as the date of termination shall, notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of section four of this Act. be the expiration of three months from the giving of the subsequent notice.

(4) The reference in the last foregoing subsection to the time at which an application is finally disposed of shall be construed as a reference to the earliest time at which the proceedings on the application (including any proceedings on or in consequence of an appeal) have been determined and any time for appealing or further appealing has expired, except that if the application is withdrawn or any appeal is abandoned the reference shall be construed as a reference to the time of withdrawal or abandonment

(5) A landlord’s notice to resume possession may be withdrawn at any time by notice in writing served on the tenant (without prejudice, however, to the tpower of the court to make an order as to costs if the notice is withdrawn after the landlord has made an application under the last foregoing section); and if within one month of the withdrawal of a landlord's notice to resume possession the landlord gives a landlord’s notice proposing a statutory tenancy, the earliest date which may be specified therein as the date of termination shall, notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of section four of this Act, be the expiration of three months from the giving of the subsequent notice or six months from the giving of the withdrawn notice, whichever is the later.

(6) Where by virtue of subsection (3) or (5) of this section the landlord gives a landlord's notice proposing a statutory tenancy which specifies as the date of termination a date earlier than six months after the giving of the notice, subsection (2) of section seven of this Act shall apply in relation to the notice with the substitution, for references to the period of two months ending with the date of termination specified in the notice and the beginning of that period, of references to the period of three months beginning with the giving of the notice and the end of that period.

Protection of subtenants on coming to end of superior long tenancy at low rent

15.—(1) For the purposes of subsection (3) of section fifteen of Protection of the Act of 1920 (which provides that, where the interest of a ^be lost^ tenant comes to an end for any reason, a sub-tenant to whom coming to an the premises or any part have been lawfully sublet shall be end of deemed to become the tenant of the superior landlord), the superior long interest of a tenant under a long tenancy shall, notwithstanding a

518

Part I

—COM.

Relief for tenant where landlord proceeding to enforce covenants.

Ch. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 Euz.2

Act, 1954

the provisions of subsection (7) of section twelve of that Act, not be disregarded by reason only that the rent payable in respect of the tenancy is one falling within the said subsection (7):

Provided that this section shall not have effect where the sob tenancy in question was created (whether immediately or derivatively) after the commencement of this Act out of a long tenancy in respect of which either of the following conditions were fulfilled at the time of the creation of the sub-tenancy, that is to say—

(a) that a notice to terminate the long tenancy had been given under subsection (1) of section four of this Act or

(b) that the long tenancy was being continued by subsection

(1) of section three of this Act,

unless the subtenancy was created with the consent in writing of the person who at the time when k was created was the I landlord. 1

(2) The last foregoing subsection shall not prejudice paragraph

() of the First Schedule to the Act of 1933 (which gives the coon power in certain cases to make an order for possession where the tenant has sublet the dwelling-house).

General and supplementary provisions

16.—(1) The provisions of the next following subsection shall have effect where, in the case of a tenancy to which secthm ne of this Act applies,—

(a) the immediate landlord has brought proceedings to enforce a right of reentry or forfeiture or a right to damages in respect of a failure to comply with am terms of the tenancy,

(b) the tenant has made application in the proceedings for

relief under this section, and

(c) the court makes an order for the recovery from the tenant

of possession of the property comprised in the tenancy or for the payment by the tenant of such damages as aforesaid, and the order is made at a time earlier than seven months before the term date of the tenancy.

(2) The operation of the order shall be suspended for a period of fourteen days from the making thereof, and if before the end of that period the tenant gives notice in writing to the immediate landlord that he desires that the provisions of the two following paragraphs shall have effect, and lodges a copy of the notice is the court,—

(a) the order shall not have effect except if and in so far as it provides for the payment of costs, and

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

519

(6) the tenancy shall thereafter have effect, and this Part Part I

of this Act shall have effect in relation thereto, as if it —com.

had been granted for a term expiring at the expiration of seven months from the making of the order.

(3) In any case falling within paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) of this section, the court shall not make any such order as is mentioned in paragraph (c) thereof unless the time of the making of the order falls earlier than seven months before the term date of the tenancy:

Provided that (without prejudice to section ten of this Act) this subsection shall not prevent the making of an order for the payment of damages in respect of a failure, as respects any premises, to comply with the terms of a tenancy if, at the time when the order is made, the tenancy has come to an end as respects those premises.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not have effect in relation to a failure to comply with—

(a) any term of a tenancy as to payment of rent or rates or

as to insuring or keeping insured any premises, or

(b) any term restricting the use of any premises for immoral

or illegal purposes.

(5) References in this section to proceedings to enforce a right to damages in respect of a failure to comply with any terms of a tenancy shall be construed as including references to proceedings for recovery from the tenant of expenditure incurred by or recovered from the immediate landlord in consequence of such a failure on the part of the tenant.

(6) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall prejudice any right to apply for relief under any other enactment.

(7) Subsection (3) of section two of this Act shall not have effect in relation to this section.

17. The provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect Prohibition of

notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary: agreements

Provided that nothing in this Part of this Act shall be construed Part I. 8 as preventing the surrender of a tenancy.

18. —(1) Where the property comprised in a long tenancy at Duty of tenants a low rent is or includes residential premises, then at any time of residential during the last two years of the term of the tenancy, or (if the Sretofoima-tenancy is being continued after the term date by subsection (1) uon to

of section three of this Act) at any time while the tenancy is landlords or being so continued, the immediate landlord or any superior landlord may give to die tenant or any subtenant of premises land,ords-comprised in the long tenancy a notice in the prescribed form

520

Part I

—com

Application of Part I to tenancies granted in continuation of long tenancies.

-Assumptions on which court to determine future questions.

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

requiring him to notify the landlord or superior land case may be,—

(a) whether the interest of the person to whom

is given has effect subject to any sub-tenan that interest is immediately expectant and, if

(b) what premises are comprised in the sub-t

what term it has effect (or, if it is terminab by what notice it can be terminated), what payable thereunder, who is the sub-tenant best of the knowledge and belief of the pers the notice is given) whether the sub-tenant i tion of the premises comprised in the sul any part of those premises and, if not, sub-tenant’s address,

and it shall be the duty of the person to whom su is given to comply therewith within one month o of the notice.

(2) In this section the expression " residential means premises normally used, or adapted for use more dwellings, the expression "sub-tenant" in re long tenancy means the owner of a tenancy creat immediately or derivatively) out of the long tenancy a person retaining possession of any premises by Rent Acts after the coming to an end of a sub-tena expression " sub-tenancy " includes a right so to re sion.

19. —(1) Where on the coming to an end of a a low rent the person who was tenant thereunder before the coming to an end thereof becomes (whe or by implication of law) tenant of the whole or the property comprised therein under another tena rent, then if the first tenancy was a long tenancy by virtue of this subsection to have been a long second tenancy shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to be a long tenancy irrespective of

(2) In relation to a tenancy from year to year or not granted for a term of years certain, being a t by virtue of the last foregoing subsection is to be a long tenancy, this Part of this Act shall have eff the modifications set out in the Fourth Schedule to

20. Where under this Part of this Act any quest determined by the court by reference to the circ future date, the court shall have regard to all and obligations under or relating to the tenancy at the time of the determination and to all relevant

1954 Landlord and Tenant Ch. 56

Act, 1954

as they then subsist and shall assume, except in so far as the contrary is shown, that those rights, interests, obligations and circumstances will continue to subsist unchanged until the said future date.

21.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, in this Part ,

of this Act the expression " the landlord ", in relation to a ten- in^rtland ancy (in this section referred to as " the relevant tenancy ")• provisions as means the person (whether or not he is the immediate landlord) to mesne who is the owner of that interest in the property comprised in landlords, etc. the relevant tenancy which for the time being fulfils the following conditions, that is to say—

(a) that it is an interest in reversion expectant (whether immediately or not) on the termination of the relevant tenancy, and

(b) that it is either the fee simple or a tenancy the duration of which is at least five years longer than that of the relevant tenancy,

and is not itself in reversion expectant (whether immediately or not) on an interest which fulfils those conditions.

(2) References in this Part of this Act to a notice to quit given by the landlord are references to a notice to quit given by the immediate landlord.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section the question whether a tenancy (hereinafter referred to as "the superior tenancy ") is to be treated as having a duration at least five years longer than that of the relevant tenancy shall be determined as follows: —

(a) if the term date of the relevant tenancy has not passed,

the superior tenancy shall be so treated unless it is due to expire at a time earlier than five years after the term date or can be brought to an end at such a time by notice to quit given by the landlord;

(b) if the term date of the relevant tenancy has passed, the

superior tenancy shall be so treated unless it is due to expire within five years or can be brought to an end within five years by notice to quit given by the landlord.

(4) in relation to the premises constituting the dwelling-house where the Rent Acts apply by virtue of subsection (1) of section six of this Act, the expression " the landlord ", as respects any time falling within the period of the statutory tenancy, means the person who as respects those premises is the landlord of the tenant for the purposes of the Rent Acts:

Provided that in relation to the carrying out of initial repairs, and to any payment for accrued tenant’s repairs, the said expression, as respects any time falling within that period, means

R*

521

Part 1

—corn.

522 Ch. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

, 1954

Part I the person whose interest in the dwelling-house fulfils the follow-—CWIf* ing conditions, that is to say: —

(a) that it is not due to expire within five years and is not

capable of being brought to an end within five years by notice to quit given by the landlord, and

(b) that it is not itself in reversion expectant on an interest which is not due to expire or capable of being brought to an end as aforesaid.

(5) The provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the application of this Part of this Act to cases where the immediate landlord of the tenant is not the owner of the fee simple in respect of the premises in question.

(6) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of this section, if at any time the interest which apart from this subsection would be the interest of the landlord is an interest not bound by this Part of this Act and is not the interest of the immediate landlord, then as respects that time the expression " the landlord " means in this Part of this Act (subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of this section) the person (whether or not he is the immediate landlord) who has the interest in the property comprised in the relevant tenancy immediately derived out of the interest not bound by this Part of this Act.

In this subsection the expression " interest not bound by this Part of this Act " means an interest belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or the Duchy of Lancaster or to the Duchy of Cornwall, or belonging to a Government department or held on behalf of Her Majesty for the purposes of a Government department.

interpretation 22.—(1) In this Part of this Act: —

of Part I. " Act of 1 920 ", " Act of 1933 " Act of 1938 ", " Act of

1939 " and " Act of 1949 " mean respectively the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920, the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act, 1933, the Increase erf Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1938, the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1939, and the Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act, 1949, and " Acts of 1920 to 1938 " means the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts, 1920 to 1938;

" date of termination " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section four of this Act;

" the dwelling-house " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (3) of section six of this Act;

" election to retain possession " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (6) of section four of this Act;

" former tenancy " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section six of this Act;

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

523

"initial repairs" has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section eight of this Act;

" the landlord " has the meaning assigned to it by the last foregoing section;

" landlord’s notice proposing a statutory tenancy " and " landlord's notice to resume possession " have the meanings assigned to them respectively by subsection (5) of section four of this Act;

" long tenancy " has the meaning assigned to it by sub-section (4) of section two of this Act;

" order " includes judgment;

" payment for accrued tenant's repairs " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section eight of this Act;

" the period of the statutory tenancy " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (6) of section seven of this Act;

" premises qualifying for protection " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (3) of section three of this Act;

" qualifying condition " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section two of this Act;

" the Rent Acts " means the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts, 1920 to 1939 and the Act of 1949;

" tenancy at a low rent " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (5) of section two of this Act;

" term date " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection

(6) of section two of this Act.

(2) In relation to the premises constituting the dwelling-house the expression " the tenant '* in this Part of this Act means the tenant under the former tenancy and, except as respects any payment for accrued tenant’s repairs not payable by instalments, includes any successor to his statutory tenancy, and the expression " successor to his statutory tenancy ", in relation to that tenant, means a person who after that tenant’s death retains possession of the dwelling-house by virtue of the Rent Acts.

(3) In determining, for the purposes of any provision of this Part of this Act, whether the property comprised in a tenancy, or any part of that property, was let as a separate dwelling, the nature of the property or part at the time of the creation of the tenancy shall be deemed to have been the same as its nature at the time in relation to which the question arises, and the purpose for which it was let under the tenancy shall be deemed to have been the same as the purpose for which it is or was used at the last-mentioned time.

R* 2

Part I

—cont.

524

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 1

Tenancies to which Part II applies.

Continuation of tenancies to which Part II applies and grant of new tenancies.

Part n

Security of Tenure for Businbss, Professional

AND OTHER TENANTS Tenancies to which Part 11 applies

23.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, this Part of thid Act applies to any tenancy where the property comprised in the tenancy is or includes premises which are occupied by the tenam and are so occupied for the purposes of a business carried on by him or for those and other purposes.

(2) In this Part of this Act the expression " business " includes a trade, profession or employment and includes any activity carried on by a body of persons, whether corporate or unin-corporate.

(3) In the following provisions of this Part of this Act the expression "the holding", in relation to a tenancy to which this Part of this Act applies, means the property comprised in the tenancy, there being excluded any part thereof which is occupied neither by the tenant nor by a person employed by the tenant and so employed for the purposes of a business by reason of which the tenancy is one to which this Part of this Act applies.

(4) Where the tenant is carrying on a business, in all or any part of the property comprised in a tenancy, in breach of a prohibition (however expressed) of use for business purposes which subsists under the terms of the tenancy and extends to the whole of that property, this Part of this Act shall not apply to the tenancy unless the immediate landlord or his predecessor in title has consented to the breach or the immediate landlord has acquiesced therein.

In this subsection the reference to a prohibition of use for business purposes does not include a prohibition of use for the purposes of a specified business, or of use for purposes of any but a specified business, but save as aforesaid includes a prohibition of use for the purposes of some one or more only of the classes of business sprcified in the definition of that expression in subsection (2) of this section.

Continuation and renewal of tenancies

2A.—(1) A tenancy to which this Part of this Act applies shall not come to an end unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act; and, subject to the provisions of section twenty-nine of this Act, the tenant under such a tenancy may apply to the court for a new tenancy—

(a) if the landlord has given notice under the next follow-

ing section to terminate the tenancy, or

(b) if the tenant has made a request for a new tenancy in

accordance with section twenty-six of this Act.

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

525

(2) The last foregoing subsection shall not prevent the coming to an end of a tenancy by notice to quit given by the tenant, by surrender or forfeiture, or by the forfeiture of a superior tenancy.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of this section,—

(a) where a tenancy to which this Part of this Act applies

ceases to be such a tenancy, it shall not come to an end by reason only of the cesser, but if it was granted for a term of years certain and has been continued by subsection (1) of this section then (without prejudice to the termination thereof in accordance with any terms of the tenancy) it may be terminated by not less than three nor more than six months’ notice in writing given by the landlord to the tenant;

(b) where, at a time when a tenancy is not one to which this

Part of this Act applies, the landlord gives notice to quit, the operation of the notice shall not be affected by reason that the tenancy becomes one to which this Part of this Act applies after the giving of the notice.

25.—(1) The landlord may terminate a tenancy to which this Part of this Act applies by a notice given to the tenant in the prescribed form specifying the date at which the tenancy is to come to an end (hereinafter referred to as " the date of termination "):

Provided that this subsection has effect subject to the provisions of Part IV of this Act as to the interim continuation of tenancies pending the disposal of applications to the court

(2) Subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, a notice under this section shall not have effect unless it is given not more than twelve nor less than six months before the date of termination specified therein.

(3) In the case of a tenancy which apart from this Act could have been brought to an end by notice to quit given by the landlord—

(a) the date of termination specified in a notice under this

section shall not be earlier than the earliest date on which apart from this Part of this Act the tenancy could have been brought to an end by notice to quit given by the landlord on the date of the giving of the notice under this section; and

(b) where apart from this Part of this Act more than six

months’ notice to quit would have been required to bring the tenancy to an end, die last foregoing subsection shall have effect with the substitution for twelve months of a period six months longer than the length of notice to quit which would have been required as aforesaid.

Part n

—cont.

Termination of tenancy by the landlord.

526

Part U

—cont.

Tenant's request fora new tenancy.

Ch. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 ELiz. 2

Act, 1954

(4) In the case of any other tenancy, a notice under this section shall not specify a date of termination earlier than the date on which apart from this Part of this Act the tenancy would have come to an end by effluxion of time.

(5) A notice under this section shall not have effect unless it requires the tenant, within two months after the giving of the notice, to notify the landlord in writing whether or not, at the date of termination, the tenant will be willing to give up possession of the property comprised in the tenancy.

(6) A notice under this section shall not have effect unless it states whether the landlord would oppose an application to the court under this Part of this Act for the grant of a new tenancy and, if so, also states on which of the grounds mentioned in section thirty of this Act he would do so.

26.—(1) A tenant’s request for a new tenancy may be made where the tenancy under which he holds for the time being (hereinafter referred to as " the current tenancy ") is a tenancy granted for a term of years certain exceeding one year, whether or not continued by section twenty-four of this Act, or granted for a term of years certain and thereafter from year to year.

(2) A tenant’s request for a new tenancy shall be for a tenancy beginning with such date, not more than twelve nor less than six months after the making of the request, as may be specified therein:

Provided that the said date shall not be earlier than the date on which apart from this Act the current tenancy would come to an end by effluxion of time or could be brought to an end by notice to quit given by the tenant.

(3) A tenant’s request for a new tenancy shall not have effect unless it is made by notice in the prescribed form given to the landlord and sets out the tenant’s proposals as to the property to be comprised in the new tenancy (being either the whole or part of the property comprised in the current tenancy), as to the rent to be payable under the new tenancy and as to the other terms of the new tenancy.

(4) A tenant’s request for a new tenancy shall not be made if the landlord has already given notice under the last foregoing section to terminate the current tenancy, or if the tenant has already given notice to quit or notice under the next following section; and no such notice shall be given by the landlord or the tenant after the making by the tenant of a request for a new tenancy.

(5) Where the tenant makes a request for a new tenancy in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this section, the current tenancy shall, subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of section thirty-six of this Act and the provisions of Part IV

1954 Landlord and Tenant Ch. 56

Act, 1954

of this Act as to the interim continuation of tenancies, terminate immediately before the date specified in the request for the beginning of the new tenancy.

(6) Within two months of the snaking of a tenant’s request for a new tenancy the landlord may give notice to the tenant that he will oppose an application to the court for the grant of a new tenancy, and any such notice shall state on which of the grounds mentioned in section thirty of this Act the landlord will oppose the application.

27. —U) Where the tenant under a tenancy to which this Part Tennination by of this Act applies, being a tenancy granted for a term of years of certain, gives to the immediate landlord, not later than three

months before the date on which apart from tins Act the tenancy would come to an end by effluxion of time, a notice in writing that the tenant does not desire the tenancy to be continued, section twenty-four of this Act shall not have effect in relation to the tenancy.

(2) A tenancy granted for a term of years certain which is continuing by virtue of section twenty-four of this Act may be brought to an end on any quarter day by not less than three months’ notice in writing given by the tenant to the immediate landlord, whether the notice is given before or after the date on which apart from this Act the tenancy would have come to an end.

28. Where the landlord and tenant agree for the grant to the Renewal of tenant of a future tenancy of the holding, or of the holding tenancies by with other land, on terms and from a date specified in the agreement agreement, the current tenancy shall continue until that date

but no longer, and shall not be a tenancy to which this Part of this Act applies.

Application to court for new tenancies

29. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, on an applica- Order by tion under subsection (1) of section twenty-four of this Act for court for

a new tenancy the court shall make an order for the grant grantJJ^*cv of a tenancy comprising such property, at such rent and on ncw such other terms, as are hereinafter provided.

(2) Where such an application is made in consequence of a notice given by the landlord under section twenty-five of this Act, it shall not be entertained unless the tenant has duly notified the landlord that he will not be willing at the date of termination to give up possession of the property comprised in the tenancy.

(3) No application under subsection (1) of section twenty-four of this Act shall be entertained unless it is made not less than two nor more than four months after the giving of the landlord’s notice under section twenty-five of this Act or, as the case may be, after the making of the tenant’s request for a new tenancy.

527

Part II —eont.

528

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

2 & 3Euz.2

Part II —amt.

Opposition by landlord to application for now tenancy.

(<z) where under the current tenancy the tenant has toy obligations as respects the repair and maintenance of the holding, that the tenant ought not to be granted a new tenancy in view of the state of repair of the holding, being a state resulting from the tenant’s failure to comply with the said obligations;

(b) that the tenant ought not to be granted a new tenancy in view of his persistent delay in paying rent which has become due;

(c) that the tenant ought not to be granted a new tenancy 1

in view of other substantial breaches by him of hs obligations under the current tenancy, or for any other reason connected with the tenant’s use or management of the holding;

() that the landlord has offered and is willing to provide or secure the provision of alternative accommodatioi for the tenant, that the terms on which the alternative accommodation is available are reasonable having regard to the terms of the ourrent tenancy and to all other relevant circumstances, and that the accommodation and the time at which it will be available are suitable for the tenant's requirements (including the requirement to preserve goodwill) having regard to the nature and class of his business and to the situation and extent of, and facilities afforded by, the holding;

(e) where the current tenancy was created by the sub-

letting of part only of the property comprised in a superior tenancy and the landlord is the owner of an interest in reversion expectant on the termination of that superior tenancy, that the aggregate of the rents reasonably obtainable on separate lettings of the holding and the remainder of that property would be substantially less than the rent reasonably obtainable on a letting of that property as a whole, that on the termination of the ourrent tenancy the landlord requires possession of the holding for the purpose of letting or otherwise disposing of the said property as a whole, and that in view thereof the tenant ought not to be granted a new tenancy;

30.—(1) The grounds on which a landlord may oppose an application under subsection (1) of section twenty-four of tta Act are such of the following grounds as may be stated in the landlord’s notice under section twenty-five of this Act or, is the case may be, under subsection (6) of section twentysix thereof, that is to say: —

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

529

(/) that on the termination of the current tenancy the \\

landlord intends to demolish or reconstruct the —, .

premises comprised in the holding or a substantial part of those premises or to carry out substantial work of construction on the holding or part thereof and that he could not reasonably do so without obtaining possession of the holding;

(g) subject as hereinafter provided, that on the termination of the current tenancy the landlord intends to occupy the holding for the purposes, or partly for the purposes, of a business to be carried on by him therein, or as his residence.

(2) The landlord shall not be entitled to oppose an application on the ground specified in paragraph of the last foregoing subsection if the interest of the landlord, or an interest which has merged in that interest and but for the merger would be the interest of the landlord, was purchased or created after the beginning of the period of five years which ends with the termination of the current tenancy, and at all times since the purchase or creation thereof the holding has been comprised in a tenancy or successive tenancies of the description specified in subsection <1) of section twenty-three of this Act.

31.—(1) If the landlord opposes an application under sub- Dismissal of section (1) of section twenty-four of this Act on grounds on application for which he is entitled to oppose it in accordance with the last whei^landlord oregoing section and establishes any of those grounds to the successfully satisfaction of the court, die court shall not make an order for opposes, he grant of a new tenancy.

(2) Where in a case not falling within the last foregoing subsection the landlord opposes an application under the said subsection (1) on one or more of the grounds specified in paragraphs (), (e) and (/) of subsection (1) of the last foregoing section but establishes none of those grounds to the satisfaction if the court, then if the court would have been satisfied of any of hose grounds if the date of termination specified in the land-ord’s notice or, as the case may be, the date specified in the enant’s request for a new tenancy as the date from which the tew tenancy is to begin, had been such later date as the court nay determine, being a date not more than one year later ban the date so specified,—

(a) the court shall make a declaration to that effect, stating of which of the said grounds the court would have been satisfied as aforesaid and specifying the date determined by the court as aforesaid, but shall not make an order for the grant of a new tenancy;

530

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Part O

—cont.

Property to I comprised in new tenancy.

Duration of new tenancy.

Rent under new tenancy.

(b) if, within fourteen days after the making of the declaration, the tenant so requires the court shall make an order substituting the said date for the date specified in the said landlord’s notice or tenant's request, and thereupon that notice or request shall have effect accordingly.

32. —(1) Subject to the next following subsection, an order under section twenty-nine of this Act for the grant of a new tenancy shall be an order for the grant of a new tenancy of the holding; and in the absence of agreement between the landlord and the tenant as to the property which constitutes the holding the court shall in the order designate that property by reference to the circumstances existing at the date of the order.

(2) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply in a case where the property comprised in the current tenancy includes other property besides the holding and the landlord requires any new tenancy ordered to be granted under section twenty-nine of this Act to be a tenancy of the whole of the property comprised in the current tenancy; but in any such case—

(a) any order under the said section twenty-nine for the grant of a new tenancy shall be an order for the grant of a new tenancy of the whole of the property comprised in the current tenancy, and

(b) references in the following provisions of this Part of this Act to the holding shall be construed as references to the whole of that property.

(3) Where the current tenancy includes rights enjoyed by the tenant in connection with the holding, those rights shall be included in a tenancy ordered to be granted under section twenty-nine of this Act

33. Where on an application under this Part of this Act the court makes an order for the grant of a new tenancy, the new tenancy shall be such tenancy as may be agreed between the landlord and the tenant, or, in default of such an agreement, shall be such a tenancy as may be determined by the court to be reasonable in all the circumstances, being, if it is a tenancy for a term of years certain, a tenancy for a term not exceeding fourteen years, and shall begin on the coming to an end of the current tenancy.

34. The rent payable under a tenancy granted by order of the court under this Part of this Act shall be such as may be agreed between the landlord and the tenant or as. in default of such agreement, may be determined by the court to be that at which, having regard to the terms of the tenancy (other than those relating to rent), the holding might reasonably be expected

1954 Landlord and Tenant Ch. .56 531

Act, 1954

to be let in the open market by a willing lessor, there being Part n disregarded— .

(a) any effect on rent of the fact that the tenant has or his predecessors in title have been in occupation of the holding,

(h) any goodwill attached to the holding by reason of the carrying on thereat of the business of the tenant (whether by him* or by a predecessor of his in that business),

ic) any effect on rent of any improvement carried out by

the tenant or a predecessor in title of his otherwise than in pursuance of an obligation to his immediate landlord,

(d) in the case of a holding comprising licensed premises, any addition to its value attributable to the licence, if it appears to the court that having regard to the terms of the current tenancy and any other relevant circumstances the benefit of the licence belongs to the tenant.

35. The terms of a tenancy granted by order of the court Other terms of under this Part of this Act (other than terms as to the duration new tenancy, thereof and as to the rent payable thereunder) shall be such

as may be agreed between the landlord and the tenant or as, in default of such agreement, may be determined by the court; and in determining those terms the court shall have regard to the terms of the current tenancy and to all relevant circumstances.

36. —(1) Where under this Part of this Act the court makes Carrying out an order for the grant of a new tenancy, then, unless the order of order for is revoked under the next following subsection or the landlord now tenancy* and the tenant agree not to act upon the order, the landlord

shall be bound to execute or make in favour of the tenant, and the tenant shall be bound to accept, a lease or agreement for a tenancy of the holding embodying the terms agreed between the landlord and the tenant or determined by the court in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act; and where the landlord executes or makes such a lease or agreement the tenant shall be bound, if so required by the landlord, to execute a counterpart or duplicate thereof.

(2) If the tenant, within fourteen days after the making of an order under this Part of this Act for the grant of a new tenancy, applies to the court for the revocation of the order the court shall revoke the order; and where the order is so revoked, then, if it is so agreed between the landlord and the tenant or determined by the court, the current tenancy shall continue, beyond the date at which it would have come to an end apart from this subsection, for such period as may be so agreed or determined to be necessary to afford to the landlord a reasonable

532

Part D —cont.

Compensation where order for new tenancy precluded on certain grounds.

Ch. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

opportunity for reletting or otherwise disposing of the premises which would have been comprised in lie new tenancy; and while the current tenancy continues by virtue of this subsection it shall not be a tenancy to which this Part of this Act appfies.

(3) Where an order is revoked under the last foregoing sub section any provision thereof as to payment of costs shall oot cease to have effect by reason only of the revocation; but the court may, if it thinks fit, revoke or vary any such provision or, where no costs have been awarded in the proceedings for the revoked order, award such costs.

(4) A lease executed or agreement made under this section, in a case where the interest of the lessor is subject to a mortgage, shall be deemed to be one authorised by section ninety-nine of the Law of Property Act, 1925 (which confers certain powers of leasing on mortgagors in possession), and subsection (13) of that section (which allows those powers to be restricted or excluded by agreement) shall not have effect in relation to such a lease or agreement.

37.—(1) Where on the making of an application under section twenty-four of this Act the court is precluded (whether by subsection (1) or subsection (2) of section thirty-one of this Act* from making an order for the grant of a new tenancy by reason of any of the grounds specified in paragraphs (e), (fl and (g) of subsection (1) of section thirty of this Act and not of any grounds specified in any other paragraph of that subsection then, subject to the provisions of this Act, the tenant shall be entitled on quitting the holding to recover from the landlord by way of compensation an amount determined in accordance with the following provisions of this section.

(2) The said amount shall be as follows, that is to say —

(a) where the conditions specified in the next following

subsection are satisfied it shall be twice the rateable value of the holding,

(b) in any other case it shall be the rateable value of the holding.

(3) The said conditions are—

(a) that, during the whole of the fourteen years immediately preceding the termination of the current tenancy, premises being or comprised in the holding have bees occupied for the purposes of a business carried oc by the occupier or for those and other purposes:

(b) that, if during those fourteen years there was a chana in the occupier of the premises, the person who was the occupier immediately after the change was the successor to the business carried on by the person who was the occupier immediately before the change.

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

533

(4) Where the court is precluded from making an order for the grant of a new tenancy under this Part of this Act in the circumstances mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, the court shall on the application of the tenant certify that fact.

(5) For the purposes of subsection (2) of this section the rateable value of the holding shall be determined as follows: —

(a) where in the valuation list in force at the date on which the landlord's notice under section twenty-five or, as the case may be, subsection (6) of section twenty-six of this Act is given a value is then shown as the annual value (as hereinafter defined) of the holding, the rateable value of the holding shall be taken to be that value;

Kb) where no such value is so shown with respect to the holding but such a value or such values is or are so shown with respect to premises comprised in or comprising the holding or part of it, the rateable value of the holding shall be taken to be such value as is found by a proper apportionment or aggregation of the value or values so shown;

(c) where the rateable value of the holding cannot be ascertained in accordance with the foregoing paragraphs of this subsection, it shall be taken to be the value which, apart from any exemption from assessment to rates, would on a proper assessment be the value to be entered in the said valuation list as the annual value of the holding; and any dispute arising, whether in proceedings before the court or otherwise, as to the determination for those purposes of the rateable value of the holding shall be referred to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for decision by a valuation officer.

An appeal shall lie to the Lands Tribunal from any decision of a valuation officer under this subsection, but subject thereto any such decision shall be final.

(6) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may by statutory instrument make rules prescribing the procedure in connection with references under tins section.

(7) In this section—

the reference to the termination of the current tenancy is a reference to the date of termination specified in the landlord's notice under section twenty-five of this Act or, as the case may be, the date specified in the tenant’s request for a new tenancy as the date from which the new tenancy is to begin;

the expression " annual value " means rateable value except that where the rateable value differs from the net annual value the said expression means net annual value;

Part n

—OO/I/.

534

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Part n

— con.

Restriction on agreements excluding provisions of Part H.

Saving for

compulsory

acquisitions.

the expression " valuation officer " means any officer of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for the time being authorised by a certificate of the Commissioners to act in relation to a valuation list

38. —(1) Any agreement relating to a tenancy to which this Part of this Act applies (whether contained in the instrument creating the tenancy or not) shall be void in so far as it purports to preclude the tenant from making an application or request under this Part of this Act or provides for the termination or the surrender of the tenancy in die event of his making such an application or request or for the imposition of any penalty or disability on the tenant in that event.

(2) Where—

(a) during the whole of the five years immediately preceding the date on which the tenant under a tenancy to which this Part of this Act applies is to quit the holding, premises being or comprised in the holding have been occupied for the purposes of a business carried on by the occupier or for those and other purposes, and

(b) if during those five years there was a change in the occupier of the premises, the person who was the occupier immediately after the change was the successor to the business carried on by the person who was the occupier immediately before the change, any agreement (whether contained in the instrument creating the tenancy or not and whether made before or after the termination of that tenancy) which purports to exclude or reduce compensation under the last foregoing section shall to that extent be void, so however that this subsection shall not affect any agreement as to the amount of any such compensation which is made after the right to compensation has accrued.

(3) In a case not falling within the last foregoing subsection the right to compensation conferred by the last foregoing section may be excluded or modified by agreement.

General and supplementary provisions

39. —(1) The amount of any compensation payable under section one hundred and twenty-one of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 (which relates to the payment of compensation and the obtaining of possession by an acquiring authority in the case of tenancies from year to year or less interests) shall, in the case of a tenancy to which this Part of this Act applies, be assessed without regard, to the right of tenants to apply under this Part of this Act for the grant of new tenancies.

(2) If the amount of the compensation which would have been payable under section thirty-seven of this Act if the tenancy had come to an end in circumstances giving rise to compensation

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

535

under that section and the date at which the acquiring authority Part n obtained possession had been the termination of the current —com. tenancy exceeds the amount of the compensation assessed in accordance with the last foregoing subsection, that compensation shall be increased by the amount of the excess.

43) Nothing in section twenty-four of this Act shall affect the operation of the said section one hundred and twenty-one.

40.—(1) Where any person having an interest in any business Duty of tenants premises, being an interest in reversion expectant (whether imme- and landlords diately or not) on a tenancy of those premises, serves on the pre^Swto tenant a notice in the prescribed form requiring him to do give so, it shall be the duty of the tenant to notify that person in information to writing within one month of the service of the notice— each other.

(a) whether he occupies the premises or any part thereof

wholly or partly for the purposes of a business carried on by him, and

(b) whether his tenancy has effect subject to any sub-tenancy on which his tenancy is immediately expectant and, if so, what premises are comprised in the sub-tenancy, for what term it has effect (or, if it is terminable by notice, by what notice it can be terminated), what is the rent payable thereunder, who is the sub-tenant, and (to the best of his knowledge and belief) whether the sub-tenant is in occupation of the premises or of part of the premises comprised in the sub-tenancy and, if not, what is the sub-tenant’s address.

(2) Where the tenant of any business premises, being a tenant under such a tenancy as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section twenty-six of this Act, serves on any of the persons mentioned in the next following subsection a notice in the prescribed form requiring him to do so, it shall be the duty of that person to notify the tenant in writing within one month after the service of the notice—

(a) whether he is the owner of the fee simple in respect of

those premises or any part thereof or the mortgagee in possession of such an owner and, if not,

(b) (to the best of his knowledge and belief) the name and address of the person who is his or, as the case may be, his mortgagor’s immediate landlord in respect of those premises or of the part in respect of which he or his mortgagor is not the owner in fee simple, for what term his or his mortgagor’s tenancy thereof has effect and what is the earliest date (if any) at which that tenancy is terminable by notice to quit given by the landlord.

le

536

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Part II

—cont.

Trusts.

(3) The persons referred to in the last foregoing subsection are, in relation to the tenant of any business premises,—

(a) any person having an interest in the premises, being an

interest in reversion expectant (whether immediately or not) on the tenant’s, and

(b) any person being a mortgagee in possession in respect

of such an interest in reversion as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection;

and the information which any such person as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection is required to give under the last foregoing subsection shall include information whether there is a mortgagee in possession of his interest in the premises and, if so, what is the name and address of the mortgagee.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to a notice served by or on the tenant more than two years before the date on which apart from this Act his tenancy would come to an end by effluxion of time or could be brought to an end by notice to quit given by the landlord.

(5) In this section—

the expression "business premises" means premises used wholly or partly for the purposes of a business;

the expression "mortgagee in possession" includes a receiver appointed by the mortgagee or by the court who is in receipt of the rents and profits, and the expression " his mortgagor " shall be construed accordingly;

the expression " sub-tenant " includes a person retaining possession of any premises by virtue of the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts, 1920 to 1939 after the coming to an end of a sub-tenancy, and the expression " sub-tenancy " includes a right so to retain possession.

41.—(1) Where a tenancy is held on trust, occupation by all or any of the beneficiaries under the trust, and the carrying on of a business by all or any of the beneficiaries, shall be treated for the purposes of section twenty-three of this Act as equivalent to occupation or the carrying on of a business by the tenant; and in relation to a tenancy to which this Part of this Act applies by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this subsection—

(a) references (however expressed) in this Part of this Act and in the Ninth Schedule to this Act to the business of, or to carrying on of business, use, occupation or enjoyment by, the tenant shall be construed as including references to the business of, or to carrying on of business, use, occupation or enjoyment by, the beneficiaries or beneficiary;

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

537

(b) the reference in paragraph () of section thirty-four of Part II this Act to the tenant shall be construed as including the beneficiaries or beneficiary; and

(c) a change in the persons of the trustees shall not be treated as a change in the person of the tenant.

(2) Where the landlord’s interest is held on trust the references in paragraph (g) of subsection <1) of section thirty of this Act to the landlord shall be construed as including references to the beneficiaries under the trust or any of them; but, except in the case of a trust arising under a will or on the intestacy of any person, the reference in subsection (2) of that section to the creation of the interest therein mentioned shall be construed as including the creation of the trust.

42.—(1) For the purposes of this section two bodies corporate Groups of shall be taken to be members of a group if and only if one is a companies, subsidiary of the other or both are subsidiaries of a third body corporate.

In this subsection " subsidiary " has the same meaning as is assigned to it for the purposes of the Companies Act, 1948, by section one hundred and fifty-four of that Act.

(2) Where a tenancy is held by a member of a group, occupation by another member of the group, and the carrying on of a business by another member of the group, shall be treated for the purposes of section twenty-three of this Act as equivalent to occupation or the carrying on of a business by the member of the group holding the tenancy; and in relation to a tenancy to which this Part of this Act applies by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this subsection—

(a) references (however expressed) in this Part of this Act

and in the Ninth Schedule to this Act to the business of or to use occupation or enjoyment by die tenant shall be construed as including references to the business of or to use occupation or enjoyment by the said other member;

(b) the reference in paragraph () of section thirty-four of

this Act to the tenant shall be construed as including the said other member; and

(c) an assignment of the tenancy from one member of the

group to another shall not be treated as a change in the person of the tenant.

(3) Where the landlord’s interest is held by a member of a group the reference in paragraph (g) of subsection (1) of section thirty of this Act to intended occupation by the landlord for the

538

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

2 & 3 FjflO

Part n

— con

Tenancies excluded from Part II.

purposes of a business to be carried on by hkn shall be construed as including intended occupation by any member of the group for the purposes of a business to be carried on by that member

43.—(1) This Part of this Act does not apply—

(a) to a tenancy of an agricultural holding;

(b) to a tenancy created by a mining lease;

(c) to a tenancy where the property comprised therein is

let under a letting to which the restrictions on the obtaining of possession by the landlord imposed by section three of the Rent and Mortgage Restrictions (Amendment) Act, 1933, apply in relation to the tenant or would apply but for subsection (7) of section tweta of the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920; or

Cd) to a tenancy of premises licensed for the sale of intoxicating liquor for consumption on the premiss, other than premises where—

(i) the excise licence for the time being in force is a licence the duty in respect of which is the reduced duty payable under paragraph 3, 5, 6, 10,11 or 12 of the Fourth Schedule to die Customs and Excae Act, 1952, or a licence granted on the provision! payment of reduced duty with a view to subsequea adjustment to the duty payable under the said pangraph 3 or the said paragraph 6; or

(ii) the Commissioners of Customs and Exdx certify that no application under' any of the said paragraphs has been made in respect of the period for which the excise licence for the time being is force was granted, but that if such an application had been made such a licence as is mentioned ii sub-paragraph (i) of this paragraph could property have been granted.

(2) This Part of this Act does not apply to a tenancy granted by reason that the tenant was the holder of an office, appointment or employment from the grantor thereof and contmong only so long as the tenant holds the office, appointment or employment, or terminable by the grantor on the tenant’s casing to hold it, or coming to an end at a time fixed by reference id the time at which the tenant ceases to hold it:

Provided that this subsection shall not have effect inrehtioB to a tenancy granted after the commencement of this Act unless the tenancy was granted by an instrument in writing which o* pressed the purpose for which the tenancy was granted.

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

539

(3) This Part of this Act does not apply to a tenancy granted Part If

for a term certain not exceeding three months unless— —corn.

(a) the tenancy contains provision for renewing the term

or for extending it beyond three months from its beginning; or

(b) the tenant has been in occupation for a period which,

together with any period during which any predecessor in the carrying on of the business carried on by the tenant was in occupation, exceeds six months.

44. —(1) Subject to the next following subsection, in this Part Meaning of of this Act the expression "the landlord", in relation to a " the landlord’* tenancy (in this section referred to as " the relevant tenancy "), "i*art n* means the person (whether or not he is the immediate landlord) provisions as who is the owner of that interest in the property comprised in to

the relevant tenancy which for the time being fulfils the following landlords, etc. conditions, that is to say—

(a) that it is an interest in reversion expectant (whether immediately or not) on the termination of the relevant tenancy, and

(b> that it is either the fee simple or a tenancy which will not come to an end within fourteen months or less by effluxion of time or by virtue of a notice to quit already given by the landlord,

and is not itself in reversion expectant (whether immediately or not) on an interest which fulfils those conditions.

(2) References in this Part of this Act to a notice to quit given by the landlord are references to a notice to quit given by the immediate landlord.

(3) The provisions of the Sixth Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the application of this Part of this Act to cases where the immediate landlord of the tenant is not the owner of the fee simple in respect of the holding.

45. In so far as the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927, provides Repeal of tor compensation for goodwill where a tenancy is not renewed certain

and for a right to the renewal of tenancies in certain cases, it provisions of. hall cease to have effect; and accordingly that Act is hereby ^am Act, repealed to the extent specified in the third column of Fart I of 1927. he Seventh Schedule to this Act.

46. In this Part of this Act: — Interpretation

" business " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection of n*

(2) of section twenty-three of this Act;

" current tenancy " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section twenty-six of this Act;

540

Part II

—cont.

Time for

making

claims for

compensation

for

improvements.

Ch. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

" date of termination " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section twenty-five of this Act;

subject to the provisions of section thirty-two of this Act, " the holding " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (3) of section twenty-three of this Act;

" mining lease " has the same meaning as in the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927.

Part 111

Compensation for Improvements

47,—(I) Where a tenancy is terminated by notice to quit, whether given by the landlord or by the tenant, or by a notice given by any person under Part I or Part U of this Act. the time for making a claim for compensation at the termination of the tenancy shall be a time falling within the period of three months beginning on the date on which the notice is given:

Provided that where the tenancy is terminated by a tenant's request for a new tenancy under section twenty-six of this Act, the said time shall be a time falling within the period of three months beginning on the date on which the landlord gives notice, or (if he has not given such a notice) the latest date on which he could have given notice, under subsection (6) of the said section twenty-six or, as the case may be, paragraph (a) of subsection (4) of section fifty-seven or paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section fifty-eight of this Act.

(2) Where a tenancy comes to an end by effluxion of time, the time for making such a claim shall be a time not earlier than six nor later than three months before the coming to an end of the tenancy.

(3) Where a tenancy is terminated by forfeiture or re-entiy, the time for making such a claim shall be a time falling within the period of three months beginning with the effective date of the order of the court for the recovery of possession of the land comprised in the tenancy or, if the tenancy is terminated by re-entry without such an order, the period of three months beginning with the date of the re-entry.

(4) In the last foregoing subsection the reference to the effective date of an order is a reference to the date on which the order is to take effect according to the terms thereof or the date on which it ceases to be subject to appeal, whichever is the later.

(5) In subsection (1) of section one of the Act of 1927, for paragraphs (a) and (b) (which specify the time for making claims

1954 Landlord and Tenant Ch. 56

Act, 1954

for compensation) there shall be substituted the words "and within the time limited by section forty-seven of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954 *.

48. —(1) So much of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section Amendments two of the Act of 1927 as provides that a tenant shall not be ¥to entitled to compensation in respect of any improvement made in team’s right pursuance of a statutory obligation shall not apply to any to compensa-improvement begun after the commencement of this Act, but tion. section three of the Act of 1927 (which enables a landlord to

object to a proposed improvement) shall not have effect in relation to an improvement made in pursuance of a statutory obligation except so much thereof as—

(a) requires the tenant to serve on the landlord notice of his intention to make the improvement together with such a plan and specification as are mentioned in that section and to supply copies of the plan and specification at the request of any superior landlord; and

(b)enables the tenant to obtain at his expense a certificate from the landlord or the tribunal that the improvement has been duly executed.

(2) Paragraph (c) of the said subsection (1) (which provides that a tenant shall not be entitled, to compensation in respect of any improvement made less than three years before the termination of the tenancy) shall not apply to any improvement begun after the commencement of this Act

(3) No notice shall be served after the commencement of this Act under paragraph () of the said subsection (1) (which excludes rights to compensation where the landlord serves on the tenant notice offering a renewal of the tenancy on reasonable terms).

49. In section nine of the Act of 1927 (which provides that Restrictions on Part I of that Act shall apply notwithstanding any contract to contracting

the contrary made after the date specified in that section) the out* proviso (which requires effect to be given to such a contract where it appears to the tribunal that the contract was made for adequate consideration) shall cease to have effect except as respects a contract made before the tenth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-three.

50. In this Part of this Act the expression " Act of 1927 " Interpretation means the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927, the expressionof "compensation " means compensation under Part I of that Act

in respect of an improvement, and other expressions used in this Part of this Act and in the Act of 1927 have the same meanings in this Part of this Act as in that Act.

541

Part in

—cont.

542

Extension of Leasehold Property (Repairs) Act, 1938.

Ch. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 Euz.2

Act, 1954

Part IV

Miscellaneous and Supplementary

51.—(1) The Leasehold Property (Repairs) Act, 1938 (which restricts the enforcement of repairing covenants in long leases of small houses) shall extend to every tenancy (whether of & house or of other property, and without regard to rateable value) where the following conditions are fulfilled, that is to say,— (a) that the tenancy was granted for a term of years certain of not less than seven years;

(b) that three years or more of the term remain umpired at the date of the service of the notice of dilapidations or, as the case may be, at the date of commencement of the action for damages; and

(c) that the property comprised in the tenancy is not an agricultural holding.

(2) In accordance with the last foregoing subsection the said Act of 1938 shall be amended as follows: —

(a) in subsection (1) of section one, for the words " a hove

of a rateable value of one hundred pounds or less" there shall be substituted the words " all or any of the property comprised in the lease ", and for the wad •"five" there shall be substituted the word "three";

(b) in subsection (2) of section one, for the word "five"

there shall be substituted the word "three ";

(c) in paragraph (b) of subsection (5) of section one, for the

word " house " there shall be substituted die word "premises" and for the words from "relating" to the end of the paragraph there shall be substituted the words " or for giving effect to any order of a court or requirement of any authority under any enactment or any such byelaw or other provision as aforesaid";

() in paragraph (c) of subsection (5) of section one, far

the word " house ", where it first occurs, there shah be substituted the words " premises as respects which the covenant or agreement is proposed to be enforced", and for the words " the house " in the second place io which they occur there shall be substituted the words " those premises ";

(e) in section three, for the words " a house " there shall

be substituted the word "premises ";

(f) section four shall be omitted;

(g) in subsection (1) of section seven, in the definition

the expression " lease ", for the words " twenty-one years or more " there shall be substituted the words " seven years or more, not being a lease of an agricultural holding within the meaning of the Agricultunl Holdings Act, 1948 ".

1954 Landlord and Tenant Ch. 56

Act, 1954

(3) The said Act of 1938 shall apply where there is an interest belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or to a Government department, or held on behalf of Her Majesty for the purposes of a Government department, in like manner as if that interest were an interest not so belonging or held.

(4) Subsection (2) of section twenty-three of the Landlord and renant Act, 1927 (which authorises a tenant to serve documents >n the person to whom he has been paying rent) shall apply in relation to any counter-notice to be served under the said Act >f 1938.

(5) This section shall apply to tenancies granted, and to reaches occurring, before or after the commencement of this \ct, except that it shall not apply where the notice of dilapi-lations was served, or the action for damages begun, before the ommencement of this Act.

(6) In this section the expression "notice of dilapidations" neans a notice under subsection (1) of section one hundred and orty-six of the Law of Property Act, 1925.

52. —(1) Subsection (12) of section eighty-four of the Law of Amendment of

*roperty Act, 1925 (which provides that the procedure under .

hat section for discharging or modifying covenants affecting 1925^/84. reehokls shall extend to leaseholds held under a term of more ban seventy years of which at least fifty years have expired) ball have effect as if for the word "seventy " there were sub-tituted the word "forty " and for the word " fifty " there were ubstituted the word "twenty-five "

(2) This section shall have effect whether the term in question ras created before or after the commencement of this Act.

53. —(1) Where a landlord withholds his licence or consent— Jurisdiction

(a) to an assignment of the tenancy or a subletting, charging whCTeteaor"*

or parting with the possession of the demised property refuses licence or any part thereof, or or consent.

(b) to the making of an improvement on the demised pro-

perty or any part thereof, or

(c) to a change in the use of the demised property or any

part thereof, or to the making of a specified use of that property,

id the High Court has jurisdiction to make a declaration that e licence or consent was unreasonably withheld, then without ejudice to the jurisdiction of the High Court the county court tall have the like jurisdiction whatever the value of the demised operty or the rent payable under the tenancy and notwithstand-g that the tenant does not seek any relief other than the rclaration.

543

Part IV

—cont.

544

Part IV

—cont.

Determination of tenancies of derelict land.

Compensation for possession obtained by misrepresentation.

Application to Crown.

Ch. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 Eijt2

Act; 1954

(2) Where on the making of an application to the county court for such a declaration the court is satisfied that the licence or consent was unreasonably withheld, the court shall make a declaration accordingly.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect whether the tenancy in question was created before or after the commencement of this Act and whether the refusal of the licence or consent occurred before or after the commencement of this Act

(4) Nothing in this section shall be construed as conferring jurisdiction on the county court to grant any relief other than such a declaration as aforesaid.

54. Where a landlord, having power to serve a notice to quit, on an application to the county court satisfies the court—

(a) that he has taken all reasonable steps to communicate

with the person last known to him to be the tenant, and has failed to do so,

(b) that during the period of six months ending with the

date of the application neither the tenant nor any person claiming under him has been in occupation of the property comprised in the tenancy or any part thereof, and

(c) that during the said period either no rent was payable

by the tenant or the rent payable has not been paid,

the court may if it thinks fit by order determine the tenancy as from the date of the order.

55. —(1) Where under Part I of this Act an order is made for possession of the property comprised in a tenancy, or under Part II of this Act the court refuses an order for the grant of a new tenancy, and it is subsequently made to appear to the court that the order was obtained, or the court induced to refuse the grant, by misrepresentation or the concealment of material facts, the court may order the landlord to pay to the tenant such sum as appears sufficient as compensation for damage or loss sustained by the tenant as the result of the order or refusal.

(2) In this section the expression " the landlord " means the person applying for possession or opposing an application for the grant of a new tenancy, and the expression " the tenant " means the person against whom the order for possession was made or to whom the grant of a new tenancy was refused. 56

56. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this and the four next following sections. Part II of this Act shall apply where there is an interest belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or the Duohy of Lancaster or belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall, or belonging to a Government department or held on

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

545

behalf of Her Majesty for the purposes of a Government depart- Part IV ment, in like manner as if that interest were an interest not so belonging or held.

(2) The provisions of the Eighth Schedule to this Act shall have effect as respects the application of Part II of this Act to cases where the interest of the landlord belongs to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or the Duchy of Lancaster or to the Duchy of Cornwall.

(3) Where a tenancy is held by or on behalf of a Government department and the property comprised therein is or includes premises occupied for any purposes of a Government department, the tenancy shall be one to which Part II of this Act applies; and for the purposes of any provision of the said Part II or the Ninth Schedule to this Act which is applicable only if either or both of the following conditions are satisfied, that is to say—

(a) that any premises have during any period been occupied

for the purposes of the tenant’s business;

(b) that on any change of occupier of any premises the

new occupier succeeded to the business of the former

occupier,

the said conditions shall be deemed to be satisfied respectively, in relation to such a tenancy, if during that period or, as the case may be, immediately before and immediately after the change, the premises were occupied for the purposes of a Government department

(4) The last foregoing subsection shall apply in relation to any premises provided by a Government department without any rent being payable to the department therefor as if the premises were occupied for the purposes of a Government department.

15) The provisions of Parts III and IV of this Act amending any other enactment which binds the Crown or applies to land belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or the Duchy of Lancaster, or land belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall, or to land belonging to any Government department, shall bind the Crown or apply to such land.

(6) Sections fifty-three and fifty-four of this Act shall apply where the interest of the landlord, or any other interest in the land in question, belongs to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or the Duchy of Lancaster or to the Duchy of Cornwall, or belongs to a Government department or is held on behalf of Her Majesty for the purposes of a Government department, in like manner as if that interest were an interest not so belonging or held.

57.—<1) Where the interest of the landlord or any superior Modification landlord in the property comprised in any tenancy belongs to or on grounds of is held for the purposes of a Government department or is held of by a local authority, statutory undertakers or a developmentpjtn corporation, the Minister or Board in charge of any Government

s

546

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954 '

2 & 3 Euz.2

Fart IV department may certify that it is requisite for the purposes of —a"*. the first-mentioned department, or, as the case may be, of the authority, undertakers or corporation, that the use or occupation of the property or a part thereof shall be changed by a specified date.

(2) A certificate under the last foregoing subsection shall not be given unless the owner of the interest belonging or held as mentioned in the last foregoing subsection has given to the tenant a notice stating—

(a) that the question of the giving of such a certificate is

under consideration by the Mmister or Board specified in the notice, and

(b) that if within twenty-one days of the giving of the notice the tenant makes to that Minister or Board representations in writing with respect to that question, they will be considered before the question is determined,

and if the tenant makes any such representations within the said twenty-one days the Minister or Board shall consider them before determining whether to give the certificate.

(3) Where a certificate has been given under subsection <1) of this section in relation to any tenancy, then,—

(a) if a notice given under subsection (1) of section twenty-

five of this Act specifies as the date of termination a date not earlier than the date specified in the certificate and contains a copy of the certificate subsections (5) and

(6) of that section shall not apply to the notice and no application for a new tenancy shall be made by the tenant under section twenty-four of this Act;

(b) if such a notice specifies an earlier date as the date of

termination and contains a copy of the certificate, then if the court makes an order under Part II of this Act for the grant of a new tenancy the new tenancy shall be for a term expiring not later than the date specified in the certificate and shall not be a tenancy to which Part II of this Act applies.

(4) Where a tenant makes a request for a new tenancy under section twenty-six of this Act, and the interest of the landlord or any superior landlord in the property comprised in the current tenancy belongs or is held as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, the following provisions shall have effect:—

(a) if a certificate has been given under the said subsection

(1) in relation to the current tenancy, and within two months after the making of the request the landlord gives notice to the tenant that the certificate has been given and the notice contains a copy of the certificate, then,—

(i) if the date specified in the certificate is not later than that specified in the tenant’s request for a new

1954 Landlord and Tenant Ch. 56

Act, 1954

tenancy, the tenant shall not make an application under section twenty-four of this Act for the grant of a new tenancy;

(ii) if, in any other case, the court makes an order under Part II of this Act for the grant of a new tenancy the new tenancy shall be for a term expiring not later than the date specified in the certificate and shall not be a tenancy to which Part II of this Act applies;

(b) if no such certificate has been given but notice under subsection (2) of this section has been given before the making of the request or within two months thereafter, the request shall not have effect, without prejudice however to the making of a new request when the Minister or Board has determined whether to give a certificate.

(5) Where application is made to the court under Part II of this Act for the grant of a new tenancy and the landlord’s interest in the property comprised in the tenancy belongs or is held as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, the Minister or Board in charge of any Government department may certify that it is necessary in the public interest that if the landlord makes an application in that behalf the court shall determine as a term of the new tenancy that it shall be terminable by six months’ notice to quit given by the landlord.

Subsection (2) of this section shall apply in relation to a certificate under this subsection, and if notice under the said subsection (2) has been given to the tenant—

(a) the court shall not determine the application for the

grant of a new tenancy until the Minister or Board has determined whether to give a certificate,

(b) if a certificate is given, the court shall on the application of the landlord determine as a term of the new tenancy that it shall be terminable as aforesaid, and section twenty-five of this Act shall apply accordingly.

(6) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to an interest held by a Board of Governors, Regional Hospital Board or Hospital Management Committee constituted under the National Health Service Act, 1946, as they apply to an interest held by a local authority but with the substitution, for the reference to the purposes of the authority, of a reference to the purposes of that Act.

(7) Where the interest of the landlord or any superior landlord in the property comprised in any tenancy belongs to the National Trust the Minister of Works may certify that it is requisite, for the purpose of securing that the property will as

2

547

Part IV

—com.

548

Part IV

—COM

Termination on special grounds of tenancies to which Part II applies.

Ch. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 Buz. 3

Act, 1954

from a specified date be used or occupied in a manner bettej suited to the nature thereof, that the use or occupation of the property should be changed; and subsections (2) to (4) of this section shall apply in relation to certificates under this subsection, and to cases where the interest of the landlord or any superioi landlord belongs to the National Trust, as those subsections apply in relation to certificates under subsection (1) of thh section and to cases where the interest of the landlord or an) superior landlord belongs or is held as mentioned in that sub section.

(8) In this and the next following section the expression " Government department " does not include the Commissionen of Crown Lands and the expression " landlord " has the same meaning as in Part II of this Act; and in the last foregoing sob section the expression " National Trust " means the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty.

58,—(1) Where the landlord’s interest in the property comprised in any tenancy belongs to or is held for the purposes of a Government department, and the Minister or Board in charge of any Government department certifies that for reasons of national security it is necessary that the use or occupation of the property should be discontinued or changed, then—

(a) if the landlord gives a notice under subsection (1) of section twenty-five of this Act containing a copy of the certificate, subsections (5) and (6) of that section shall not apply to the notice and no application for a new tenancy shall be made by the tenant under section twenty-four of this Act;

(b) if (whether before or after the giving of the certificate) the tenant makes a request for a new tenancy under section twenty-six of this Act, and within two months after the making of the request the landlord gives notice to the tenant that the certificate has been given and the notice contains a copy of the certificate,—

(i) the tenant shall not make an application under section twenty-four of this Act for the grant of a new tenancy, and

(ii) if the notice specifies as the date on which the tenancy is to terminate a date earlier than that specified in the tenant’s request as the date on which the new tenancy is to begin but neither earlier than six months from the giving of the notice nor earlier than the earliest date at which apart from this Act the tenancy would come to an end or could be brought to an end, the tenancy shall terminate on the date specified in the notice instead of that specified in the request.

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

549

(2) Where the landlord's interest in the property comprised in any tenancy belongs to or is held for the purposes of a Government department, nothing in this Act shall invalidate an igreement to the effect—

(a) that on the giving of such a certificate as is mentioned

in the last foregoing subsection the tenancy may be terminated by notice to quit given by the landlord of such length as may be specified in the agreement, if the notice contains a copy of the certificate; and

(6) that after the giving of such a notice containing such a copy the tenancy shall not be one to which Part II of this Act applies.

(3) Where the landlord's interest in the property comprised in any tenancy is held by statutory undertakers, nothing in this Act shall invalidate an agreement to the effect—

(n) that where the Minister or Board in charge of a Government department certifies that possession of the property comprised in the tenancy or a part thereof is urgently required for carrying out repairs (whether on that property or elsewhere) which are needed for the proper operation of the landlord's undertaking, the tenancy may be terminated by notice to quit given by the landlord of such length as may be specified in the agreement, if the notice contains a copy of the certificate; and

(b) that after the giving of such a notice containing such a copy, the tenancy shall not be one to which Part II of this Act applies.

(4) Where the court makes an order under Part II of this Act for the grant of a new tenancy and the Minister or Board in charge of any Government department certifies that the public interest requires the tenancy to be subject to such a term as is mentioned in paragraph la) or (b) of this subsection, as the case may be, then—

(a) if the landlord’s interest in the property comprised in

the tenancy belongs to or is held for the purposes of a Government department, the court shall on the application of the landlord determine as a term of the new tenancy that such an agreement as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section and specifying such length of notice as is mentioned in the certificate shall be embodied in the new tenancy;

(b) if the landlord’s interest in that property is held by statutory undertakers, the court shall on the application of the landlord determine as a term of the new tenancy

Part IV

—cont.

550

Ca. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

2 & 3 2

Part IV that such an agreement as is mentioned in subsection (3)

— of this section and specifying such length of notice as

is mentioned in the certificate shall be embodied in the new tenancy.

Compensation for exercise of powers under as. 57 and 58.

59.—(1) Where by virtue of any certificate given for the purposes of either of the two last foregoing sections the tenant is precluded from obtaining an order for the grant of a new tenancy, or of a new tenancy for a term expiring later than a specified date, the tenant shall be entitled on quitting the premises to recover from the owner of the interest by virtue of which the certificate was given an amount by way of compensation, and subsections (2), (3) and (5) to (7) of section thirty-seven of this Act shall with the necessary modifications apply for the purposes of ascertaining the amount.

(2) Subsections (2) and (3) of section thirty-eight of this Act shall apply to compensation under this section as they apply to compensation under section thirty-seven of this Act.

Special pro-vwonsasto

premises provided under Distribution

of Industry Acts, 1945 and 1950, etc.

50.—(1) Where the property comprised in a tenancy consists of premises provided by the Board of Trade under the Distribution of Industry Acts, 1945 and 1950, or provided by a trading or industrial estate company as defined in the Distribution of Industry Act, 1945, and the Board of Trade certify that it is necessary or expedient for achieving the objects of the said Acts that the use or occupation of the property should be changed, paragraphs (a) and lb) of subsection (1) of section fifty-eight of this Act shall apply as they apply where such a certificate is given as is mentioned in that subsection.

(2) Where the court makes an order under Part II of this Act for the grant of a new tenancy of premises provided as aforesaid, and the Board of Trade certify that it is necessary or expedient as aforesaid that the tenancy should be subject to a term, specified in the certificate, prohibiting or restricting the tenant from assigning the tenancy or sub-letting, charging or parting with possession of the premises or any part thereof or changing the use of the premises or any part thereof, the court shall determine that the terms of the tenancy shall include the terms specified in the certificate.

Modification of Parts I and II in relation to tenancies of ecclesiastical property.

61.—'(1) Where, as respects a tenancy to which section one or Part II of this Act applies, the landlord or a superior landlord is the incumbent of a benefice—

(a) the consent of the Church Commissioners but of do other person shall be required to any such agreement as is mentioned in Part I or Part II of this Act entered into

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act; 1954

Ch. 56

551

by the incumbent, and to anything done by the incumbent in pursuance of any such agreement or of any of the provisions of the said Part I or the said Part II, or to the granting by him of any tenancy in pursuance of a tenant’s request made under the said Part II;

(b) any payment required for the carrying out of initial repairs under the said Part I and any payment of compensation under section thirty-seven of this Act may, if the Church Commissioners think fit, be made by them, on behalf of the incumbent, out of any moneys in their hands, and any payment for accrued tenant’s repairs under die said Part I shall be made to the Commissioners instead of to die incumbent and shall be applied by them in repayment of any sum paid by them under this paragraph for the carrying out of initial repairs;

(c) the Church Commissioners shall be entitled to appear and be heard in any proceedings under die said Part I or the said Part II to which the incumbent is a party, and any order made in any such proceedings against the incumbent shall be binding on the Commissioners so far as it relates to the grant or the terms of any tenancy or any of the matters mentioned in section seven or section eight of this Act;

(d) for the purposes of the said Part I and the said Part II the incumbent’s interest shall be treated as vesting in the Church Commissioners during any vacancy of the benefice;

ie) the revenues and possessions of the benefice shall stand

charged with the repayment of any sum expended by the Church Commissioners in pursuance of paragraph ib) or paragraph id) of this subsection.

(2) This section shall apply to benefices the patronage of which belongs to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or the Duchy of Lancaster or to the Duchy of Cornwall as it applies to other benefices.

62.—(1) Anything required or authorised by or under this Act to be done by, to or before the Board of Trade may be done by, to or before the President of the Board, any Minister of State with duties concerning the affairs of the Board, any secretary, under-secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, or any person authorised in that behalf by the President.

Part IV —amt.

Exercise of powen of Board of Trade.

352 Cm. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

Part IV (2) In this section the expression " Minister of State * means

— such a Minister of the Crown as is referred to in section two of

the Re-election of Ministers Act, 1919, as explained by the House of Commons Disqualification (Declaration of Law) Act, 1935.

63.—(1) Any jurisdiction conferred on the court by any provision of Part I of this Act shall be exercised by the county court

(2) Any jurisdiction conferred on the court by any provision of Part II of this Act or conferred on the tribunal by Part I of the (Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927, shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be exercised,—

(a) where the rateable value of the holding does not exceed

five hundred pounds, by the county court;

(b) where it exceeds five hundred pounds, by the High

Court.

(3) Any jurisdiction exercisable under the last foregoing subsection may by agreement in writing between the parties be transferred from the county court to the High Court or from the High Court to a county court specified in the agreement.

(4) The following provisions shall have effect as respects transfer of proceedings from or to the High Court or the county court, that is to say—

(a) where an application is made to the one but by virtue

of subsection (2) of this section cannot be entertained except by the other, the application shall not be treated as improperly made but any proceedings thereon shall be transferred to the other court;

(b) any proceedings under the provisions of Part II of this

Act or of Part I of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927. which are pending before one of those courts may by order of that court made on the application of any person interested be transferred to the other court, if it appears to the court making the order that it is desirable that the proceedings and any proceedings before the other court should both be entertained by the other court.

(5) In any proceedings where in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this section the county court exercises jurisdiction the powers of the judge of summoning one or more assessors under subsection (1) of section eighty-eight of the County Courts Act, 1934, may be exercised notwithstanding that no application is made in that behalf by any party to the proceedings.

Jurisdiction of court for purposes of Parts I and II and of Part I of Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927.

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

553

(6) Where in any such proceedings an assessor is summoned Part IV

by a judge under the said subsection (1),— —com.

(a) he may, if so directed by the judge, inspect the land to which the proceedings relate without the judge and report to the judge in writing thereon;

ib)the judge may on consideration of the report and any observations of the parties thereon give such judgment or make such order in the proceedings as may be just;

(c) the remuneration of the assessor shall be at such rate as may be determined by the Lord Chancellor with the approval of the Treasury and shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(7) In this section the expression " the holding "—

C a) in relation to proceedings under Part II of this Act, has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (3) of section twenty-three of this Act,

(b) in relation to proceedings under Part I of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927, has the same meaning as in the said Part I.

(8) Subsections (5) to (7) of section thirty-seven of this Act shall apply for determining the rateable value of the holding for the purposes of this section as they apply for the purposes of subsection (2) of the said section thirty-seven, but with the substitution in paragraph (a) of the said subsection (5) of a reference to the time at which application is made to the court for the reference to the date mentioned in that subsection.

(9) Nothing in this section shall prejudice the operation of section one hundred and eleven of the County Courts Act, 1934 (which relates to the removal into the High Court of proceedings commenced in a county court).

(10) In accordance with the foregoing provisions of this section, for section twenty-one of the Landlord and Tenant Act,

1927, there shall be substituted the following section—

"The 21, The tribunal for the purposes of Part I of this

tribunal. Act shall be the court exercising jurisdiction in accordance with the provisions of section sixty-three of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954."

64.—(1) In any case where— Interim

(a) a notice to terminate a tenancy has been given under

Part I or Part II of this Act or a request for a new pending tenancy has been made under Part II thereof, and determination

(b) an application to the court has been made under the ^couft

said Part I or the said Part II, as the case may be, and

s*

554

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act; 1954

2&3EUZ.2

PaktIV

—amt.

Provisions as to reversions.

(c) apart from this section the effect of the notice or request would be to terminate the tenancy before the expiration of the period of three months beginning with the date on which the application is finally disposed of,

the effect of the notice or request shall be to terminate the tenancy at the expiration of the said period of three months and not at any other time.

(2) The reference in paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) of this section to the date on which an application is finally disposed of shall be construed as a reference to the earliest date by which the proceedings on the application (including any proceedings on or in consequence of an appeal) have been determined and any time for appealing or further appealing has expired, except that if the application is withdrawn or any appeal is abandoned the reference shall be construed as a reference to the date of the withdrawal or abandonment.

65.—(1) Where by virtue of any provision of this Act a tenancy (in this subsection referred to as " the inferior tenancy ") is continued for a period such as to extend to or beyond the end of the term of a superior tenancy, the superior tenancy shall* for the purposes of this Act and of any other enactment and of any rule of law, be deemed so long as it subsists to be an interest in reversion expectant upon the termination of the inferior tenancy and, if there is no intermediate tenancy, to be the interest in reversion immediately expectant upon the termination thereof.

(2) In the case of a tenancy continuing by virtue of any provision of this Act after the coming to an end of the interest in reversion immediately expectant upon the termination thereof, subsection (1) of section one hundred and thirty-nine of the Law of Property Act, 1925 (which relates to the effect of the extinguishment of a reversion) shall apply as if references in die said subsection (1) to the surrender or merger of the reversioo included references to the coming to an end of the reversion for any reason other than surrender or merger.

(3) Where by virtue of any provision of this Act a tenancy (in this subsection referred to as " the continuing tenancy ") is continued beyond the beginning of a reversionary tenancy which was granted (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) so as to begin on or after the date on which apart from this Act the continuing tenancy would have come to an end, the reversionary tenancy shall have effect as if it had been granted subject to the continuing tenancy.

(4) Where by virtue of any provision of this Act a tenancy (in this subsection referred to as " the new tenancy ") is granted for a period beginning on the same date as a reversionary tenancy

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

555

or for a period such as to extend beyond the beginning of the Part IV term of a reversionary tenancy, whether the reversionary tenancy —com. in question was granted before or after the commencement of this Act, the reversionary tenancy shall have effect as if k had been granted subject to the new tenancy.

66. —(1) Any form of notice required by this Act to be Proviriom prescribed shall be prescribed by regulations made by the Lord as to notioet. Chancellor by statutory instrument

(2) Where the form of a notice to be served on persons of any description is to be prescribed for any of the purposes of this Act the form to be prescribed shall include such an explanation of the relevant provisions of this Act as appears to the Lord Chancellor requisite for informing persons of that description of their rights and obligations under those provisions.

(3) Different forms of notice may be prescribed for the purposes of the operation of any provision of this Act in relation to different cases.

(4) Section twenty-three of the Landlord and Tenant Act,

1927 (which relates to the service of notices) shall apply for the purposes of this Act.

(5) Any statutory instrument under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

67. Anything authorised or required by the provisions of Provisiow m this Act other than subsection (2) or (3) of section forty, to mortgagees to be done at any time by, to or with the landlord, or a®possession, landlord of a specified description, shall, if at that time the

interest of the landlord in question is subject to a mortgage and the mortgagee is in 'possession or a receiver appointed by the mortgagee or by the court is in receipt of the rents and profits, be deemed to be authorised or required to be done by, to or with the mortgagee instead of that landlord.

68. —<1) The enactments specified in Part II of the Seventh Repeal of

Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified enactments and

in the third column of that Part of that Schedule. transitional

provisions.

(2) The transitional provisions set out in the Ninth Schedule to this Act shall have effect. 69

69. —(1) In this Act the following expressions have the mean- Interpretation, ings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say:—

" agricultural holding " has the same meaning as in the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1948;

* 2

556

Part IV —corn.

Short title and citation, commencement and extent.

Ch. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 Eijz. 2

Act, 1954

44 development corporation " has the same meaning as in the New Towns Act, 1946;

" local authority " has the same meaning as in the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947;

" mortgage "includes a charge or lien and " mortgagor " and 44 mortgagee " shall be construed accordingly;

"notice to quit" means a notice to terminate a tenancy (whether a periodical tenancy or a tenancy for a tern of years certain) given in accordance with the provision (whether express or implied) of that tenancy;

44 repairs " includes any work of maintenance, decoration or restoration, and references to repairing, to keeping or yielding up in repair and to state of repair shall be construed accordingly;

44 statutory undertakers " has the same meaning as in the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, except that it includes the National Coal Board;

44 tenancy " means a tenancy created either immediately or derivatively out of the freehold, whether by a lease or underlease, by an agreement for a lease or underlease or by a tenancy agreement or in pursuance of any enactment (including this Act), but does not include a mortgage term or any interest arising in favour of a mortgagor by his attorning tenant to his mortgagee, and references to the granting of a tenancy and to demised property shall be construed accordingly;

44 terms ", in relation to a tenancy, includes conditions.

(2) References in this Act to an agreement between the landlord and the tenant (except in section seventeen and subsections (1) and (2) of section thirty-eight thereof) shall be construed as references to an agreement in writing between them.

(3) References in this Act to an action for any relief shall be construed as including references to a claim for that relief by way of counterclaim in any proceedings.

70.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1954, and the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927, and this Act may be cited together as the Landlord and Tenant Acts, 1927 and 1954.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or to Northern Ireland.

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

SCHEDULES

Ch. 56

557

FIRST SCHEDULE

Supplementary Provisions as to Payments for Accrued Tenant’s Repairs

Part I

Provisions as to making of payment in lump sum

1. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Schedule, a payment for accrued tenant’s repairs which is to be payable otherwise than by instalments shall become payable when the relevant initial repairs have been completed, unless the landlord and the tenant agree that it shall become payable wholly or in part at some other date.

2. Where it is determined by the court that a payment for accrued tenant's repairs is to be payable otherwise than by instalments, the court may determine that any specified part of the payment shall become payable when any specified part of the relevant initial repairs has been completed.

3. A payment for accrued tenant’s repairs which is payable otherwise than by instalments, or any part of such a payment, shall be recoverable from die tenant.

4. —(1) Where it has been agreed or determined that a payment for accrued tenant's repairs should be paid otherwise than by instalments, and the period of the statutory tenancy ends before the relevant initial repairs have been begun, or at a time when they have been begun but not completed, the following provisions shall have effect.

(2) If the relevant initial repairs have not been begun and are no longer required, then notwithstanding anything in section eight of this Act no payment for accrued tenant's repairs shall be recoverable.

(3) In any other case, the time for recovery of the payment for accrued tenant's repairs shall be the same as if all the relevant initial repairs had been completed immediately before the end of the period of the statutory tenancy, and the amount of the payment shall be as hereinafter provided:—

(a) if the relevant initial repairs have not been begun, the amount of the payment shall be the estimated cost of the repairs or of so much thereof as is still required;

(b) if the relevant initial repairs have been begun but not completed, the amount of the payment shall be an amount equal to the expenses reasonably incurred by the landlord for the purposes of so much of the relevant initial repairs as has been carried out together (unless the remainder is no longer required) with the estimated cost of the remainder or of so much thereof as is still required:

Provided that there shall be disregarded so much (if any) of the said expenses or estimated cost as is recoverable by the landlord otherwise than from the tenant or his predecessor in title.

(4) Any question arising under this paragraph whether repairs are no longer required, whether any expenses were incurred, or reasonably

Section 8.

558

Ctt.56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. incurred, by the landlord, or as to the amount of the estimated cost ~cont- of any repairs shall be determined by agreement between the landlord and the tenant or by the court on the application of either of them.

(5) For the purposes of this paragraph initial repairs shall be deemed to be no longer required after the end of the period of the statutory tenancy if, and only if, it is shown that the dwelling-house, in whatever state of repair it may then be, is at or shortly after the end of that period to be pulled down, or that such structural alterations are to be made in the dwelling-house as would render those repairs valueless if they were completed.

(6) In a case falling within sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph where a payment for accrued tenant’s repairs would, apart from this paragraph, include an amount in respect of cost inclined by the landlord is ascertaining what initial repairs are required in consequence of failure by the tenant to fulfil his obligations under the former tenancy, the following provisions shall have effect—

(a) that amount shall be recoverable notwithstanding anything in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph;

(b) in a case falling within sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph the said amount shall be recoverable in addition to the amount specified in that sub-paragraph;

(c) the time for recovery of the said amount shall, as well in a case

falling within sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph as in one falling within sub-paragraph (3) thereof, be that mentioned in the said sub-paragraph (3).

5. In relation to a case where the court exercises the power conferred by paragraph 2 of this Schedule references in the last foregoing paragraph to the relevant initial repairs shall be construed as references to any such part of those repairs as is referred to in the said paragraph 2, being a part which at the material time has not been begun or, as the case may be, has been begun but not completed, and references to the payment for accrued tenant’s repairs shall be construed accordingly.

Part II

Provisions as to making of payment by instalments

6. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Schedule, where under Part I of this Act it is agreed or determined that a payment for accrued tenant’s repairs is to be payable by instalments, the instalments shall become payable at the times so agreed or determined.

7. Any such instalment becoming payable at a time falling before the end of the period of the statutory tenancy shall be payable by the tenant

8. —(1) Where the landlord is not the immediate landlord of the dwelling-house, the landlord and the immediate landlord may serve on the tenant a notice in the prescribed form requiring him to pay the instalments of the payment for accrued tenant’s repairs to the immediate landlord for transmission to the landlord.

(2) A notice under the last foregoing sub-paragraph may be revoked by a subsequent notice given to the tenant by the landlord, with or without the concurrence of the immediate landlord.

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act; 1954

Ql 56

559

9. Any Instalment becoming payable at a time when the landlord lir Sob. is the immediate landlord or when a notice under sub-paragraph (1) —cont-of the last foregoing paragraph is in force shall be recoverable by the immediate landlord in the like manner and subject to the like provisions

as the rent.

10. If the period of the statutory tenancy comes to an end before all instalments of the payment for accrued tenant's repairs have been paid, the remaining instalments shall become payable immediately after the end of that period, shall be recoverable by the person who immediately before the end thereof was the landlord, and shall be so recoverable from the person who immediately before the end thereof was the tenant.

11. In the application of the last foregoing paragraph to a case where the period of the statutory tenancy comes to an end before the relevant initial repairs have been begun, or at a time when they have been begun but not completed, the provisions of paragraph 4 of this Schedule shall have effect (with the necessary modifications) for limiting the recovery of any remaining instalments under the last foregoing paragraph.

12. Where, during the period of the statutory tenancy and before all instalments of the payment for accrued tenant’s repairs have become payable, the interest of the landlord comes to an end or ceases to be an interest falling within paragraphs ( ) and (6) of the proviso to subsection (4) of section twenty-one of this Act, he shall thereupon be entitled to recover from the person who thereupon becomes the landlord such amount (if any) as is equal to so much of the expenses reasonably incurred by the landlord—

(a) in ascertaining what initial repairs are required in consequence of failure by the tenant to fulfil his obligations under the former tenancy; and

(b) for the purposes of the relevant initial repairs; as is recoverable from the tenant and has not been recovered.

Part m

Variation of agreement or determination as to time

FOR MAKING PAYMENT

13. The tenant may apply to the court for the variation, on the grounds and to the extent hereinafter specified, of any agreement or determination for the making of a payment for accrued tenant's repairs.

14. The grounds on which an agreement or determination may be varied on an application under the last foregoing paragraph are the following:—

(a) that the expenditure reasonably incurred by the landlord in carrying out the relevant initial repairs substantially exceeded the estimated cost thereof; or

(b) that the applicant is not the person who was the tenant at the

time of the previous agreement or determination and that there are considerations arising out of the personal circumstances of the applicant which ought to be taken into account in determining the manner of making the payment.

560 Ch. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 Eliz. 2 Act, 1954

IsrScH, —torn. 15. The extent to which an agreement or determination may be 10 varied on an application under paragraph 13 of this Schedule is the following:— (a) if the agreement or determination was for the making of the payment otherwise than by instalments, and the payment fas not been fully made, by substituting therefor a determination that the payment or balance of the payment should be made by instalments; (b) if the agreement or determination was for the making of a payment by instalments, by substituting for the instalments agreed or determined instalments of such smaller amounts, payable at such times, as may be determined by the court. 16. Where an agreement or determination is varied under this Part of this Schedule, the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall thereafter apply with the necessary modifications. Part IV Supplementary 17. Any failure by the tenant to make a payment for accrued tenant's repairs, or any part or instalment of such a payment, at the time when it becomes due shall be treated as a breach of the obligations of the tenancy for the purposes of paragraph (a) of the First Schedule to the Act of 1933 (which relates to recovery of possession where the rent has not been paid or any other obligation of the tenancy has not been performed). 18. Where any sum in respect of a payment for accrued tenant's repairs has been recovered in advance of the carrying out of the relevant initial repairs, then in any case where paragraph 4 or 11 of this Schedule applies such repayment shall be made as may be just. 19. In this Schedule the expression " immediate landlord " means the person who as respects the dwelling-house is the landlord of the tenant for the purposes of the Rent Acts and the expression " relevant initial repairs'' means the repairs in respect of which the payment for accrued tenant’s repairs is payable.

Section 8. SECOND SCHEDULE Further Provisions as to Repair where Tenant retains Possbson Failure of landlord to carry out initial repairs 1.—(1) Where— (a) the tenant retains possession of the dwelling-house by virtue of subsection (1) of section six of this Act, and (б) by virtue of an agreement or of a determination of the oourt the landlord is required to carry out initial repairs to the dwelling-house, then if on an application made by the tenant during the period of the statutory tenancy the court is satisfied that the initial repairs have not been carried out within a reasonable time in accordance with the agreement or determination the court may by order direct that, until the discharge of the order as hereinafter provided or the end of the period of the statutory tenancy, whichever first occurs, the rent

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

561

Payable in respect of the dwelling-house shall be reduced to such amount specified in the order as the court may think just having regard to the extent to which the landlord has failed to comply with the agreement or determination.

(2) 'Where the court under the last foregoing sub-paragraph orders a reduction of rent, the court may further order that during the same period any instalments of a payment for accrued tenant's repairs shall be suspended.

(3) An order under this paragraph may include a provision that the reduction of rent shall take effect from a specified date before the making of the order, being such date as the court thinks just having regard to the landlord's delay in carrying out the initial repairs; and where an order contains such a provision then, in addition to the reduction ordered by virtue of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, such number of payments of rent next falling due after the date of the order shall be reduced by such amount as may be specified in the order for the purpose of giving effect to the said provision.

2. Where an order under paragraph 1 of this Schedule is in force, and on an application by the landlord the court is satisfied that the initial repairs have been carried out in accordance with the agreement or with the determination of the court, as the case may be, the court shall discharge the order, but without prejudice to the operation thereof as respects any period before the date on which it is discharged or to any reduction ordered by virtue of sub-paragraph (3) of the last foregoing paragraph.

3. If, while an order under paragraph 1 of this Schedule is in force, it is agreed between the landlord and the tenant that the initial repairs in question have been carried out as mentioned in the last foregoing paragraph, the order shall be discharged by virtue of that agreement in the like manner as if it had been discharged by the court.

Failure of tenant to carry out initial repairs

4. Where, by virtue of an agreement or of a determination of the court, the tenant is required to carry out initial repairs to the dwelling-house, failure by the tenant to carry out the repairs within a reasonable time in accordance with the agreement or determination shall be treated as a breach of the obligations of the tenancy for the purposes of paragraph (a) of the First Schedule to the Act of 1933 (which relates to recovery of possession where the rent has not been paid or any other obligation of the tenancy has not been performed).

Expenses and receipts: , , etc.

5. Any amount paid by a mortgagee in respect of expenses incurred in carrying out initial repairs in accordance with an agreement or determination under Part I of this Act, or in respect of any payment made in pursuance of a liability imposed by paragraph 12 of the First Schedule to this Act, shall be treated as if it were secured by the mortgage, with the like priority and with interest at the same rate as the mortgage money, so however that (without prejudice to the recovery of interest) any such amount shall not be recoverable from the mortgagor personally.

6. The purposes authorised for the application of capital money by section seventy-three of the Settled Land Act, 1925, by that section as applied by section twenty-eight of the Law of Property Act, 1925, in

2nd Sch. —cont.

562

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch. relation to trusts for sale, and by section twenty-six of the UnivenitKi —com. and College Estates Act, 1925, and the purposes authorised by section seventy-one of the Settled Land Act, 1925, by that section as applied as aforesaid, and by section thirty-one of the Universities and College Estates Act, 1925, as purposes for which moneys may be raised by mortgage, shall include the payment of any such expenses as are mentioned in the last foregoing paragraph and the making of any such payment as is mentioned in that paragraph:

Provided that the like provisions shall have effect as to the repayment of capital money applied by virtue of this paragraph as have effect in the case of improvements authorised by Part U of the Third Schedule to the Settled Land Act, 1925 (which specifies improvements the cost of which may be required to be replaced out of income).

Record of state of repair of dwelling-house

7. A landlord's notice proposing a statutory tenancy may contain a requirement that if the tenant retains possession by virtue of subsection (1) of section six of this Act a record shall be made of the state of repair of the dwelling-house.

8. Where the landlord gives such a notice which does not contain such a requirement, then if the tenant elects to retain possession his notification in that behalf may include a requirement that a record shall be made of the state of repair of the dwelling-house.

9. Where the tenant retains possession of the dwelling-house by virtue of subsection (1) of section six of this Act and either the landlord or the tenant has made such a requirement as is mentioned in either of the two last foregoing paragraphs, the record of the state of repair of the dwelling-house shall be made as soon as may be after the completion of any initial repairs to be carried out or, in the absence of any agreement or determination requiring the carrying out of initial repairs, as soon as may be after the beginning of the period of the statutory tenancy.

10. Any record required to be made under the last foregoing paragraph shall be made by a person appointed, in default of agreement between the landlord and the tenant, by the President of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors.

11. The cost of making any such record as aforesaid shall, in default of agreement between the landlord and the tenant, be borne by them in equal shares.

Sections 12,13. THIRD SCHEDULE

Grounds for Possession on Termination of Tenancy

1. The grounds referred to in paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) of section twelve of this Act are the following, that is to say:—

(a) that suitable alternative accommodation will be available for

the tenant at the date of termination of the tenancy;

(b) that the tenant has failed to comply with any term of the tenancy as to payment of rent or rates or as to insuring or keeping insured any premises;

(c) that the tenant or a person residing or lodging with him or being his sub-tenant has been guilty of conduct which is a nuisance or annoyance to adjoining occupiers, or has been convicted of using any premises comprised in the tenancy or allowing such premises to be used for an immoral or illegal

1954 Landlord and Tenant Ch. 56

Act, 1954

purpose and, where the person in question is a lodger or sub-tenant, that the tenant has not taken such steps as he ought reasonably to have taken for the removal of the lodger or sub-tenant;

(d) that the relevant premises (as defined in subsection (2) of section twelve of this Act) consist of or include premises licensed for the sale of intoxicating liquor not to be consumed on the premises, and that the tenant has committed an offence as holder of the licence or has not conducted the business to the satisfaction of the licensing justices or the chief officer of police, or has carried it on in a manner detrimental to the public interest, or the renewal of the licence has for any reason been refused; and

(*) that premises comprised in the tenancy, and consisting of or including the relevant premises, are reasonably required by the landlord for occupation as a residence for himself or any son or daughter of his over eighteen years of age or his father or mother, and (if the landlord is not the immediate landlord) that he will be the immediate landlord at the date of termination:

Provided that the court shall not make an order under section thirteen of this Act on the grounds specified in sub-paragraph (e) of this paragraph—

(a) if the interest of the landlord, or an interest which has merged in that interest and but for the merger would be the interest of the landlord, was purchased or created after the twenty-first day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty; or

(b) if the court is satisfied that having regard to all the circum-

stances of the case, including the question whether other accommodation is available for the landlord or the tenant, greater hardship would be caused by making the order than by refusing to make it.

2. Subsections (2) to (5) of section three of the Act of 1933 (which relate to the circumstances in which suitable alternative accommodation is to be deemed to be available for the tenant) shall apply for the purposes of this Schedule.

FOURTH SCHEDULE Modifications of Part I in relation to Periodical Tenancies

1. In relation to such a tenancy as is mentioned in subsection (2) of section nineteen of this Act, Part I of this Act shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this Schedule.

2. For subsection (6) of section two there shall be substituted the following:—

" (6) In this Part of this Act the expression " term date ", in relation to any such tenancy as is mentioned in subsection (2) of section nineteen of this Act, means the first date after the commencement of this Act on which apart from this Act the tenancy could have been brought to an end by notice to quit given by the landlord."

563

3rd Sen. —com.

Section 19.

Ch. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 Buz. 2

Act, 1954

3. For subsection (1) of section five there shall be substituted the following:—

" (1) A tenancy to which section one of this Act applies may be brought to an end at the term date thereof by notice in writing given by the tenant to the immediate landlord.

The length of any such notice shall be not less than one month nor less than the length of the notice by which the tenant could apart from this Act have brought the tenancy to an end at the term date thereof.*'

4. Notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of section three, where by virtue of subsection (1) of that section the tenancy is continued after the term date thereof the provisions of Part 1 as to the termination of a tenancy by notice shall have effect in substitution for and not in addition to any such provisions included in the terms on whkh the tenancy had effect before the term date thereof.

5. Where the tenancy is not terminated under the provisions of Pan I of this Act at the term date thereof, then, whether or not it would have continued after that date apart from this Act, it shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as being continued by virtue of subsection (1) of section three thereof.

Section 21. FIFTH SCHEDULE

Provisions for purposes of Part I where Immediate Landlord is not the Freeholder

Definitions

1. —(1) In this Schedule the following expressions have the meaningi hereby assigned to them in relation to a tenancy (in this Schedule referred to as " the relevant tenancy *’), that is to say:—

" the competent landlord " means the person who in relation to the relevant tenancy is for the time being the landlord (as defined by section twenty-one of this Act) for the purposes of Part I of this Act;

" mesne landlord " means a tenant whose interest is intermediate between the relevant tenancy and the interest of the competent landlord; and

"superior landlord'*, except in paragraph 9 of this Schedule, means a person (whether the owner of the fee simple or a tenant) whose interest is superior to the interest of the competent landlord.

(2) References in this Schedule to " other landlords *’ are references to persons who are either mesne landlords or superior landlords.

Acts of competent landlord binding on other landlords

2. Any notice given by the competent landlord under subsection (1) of section four of this Act, any agreement made under Part I of this Act between that landlord and the tenant under the relevant tenancy, and any determination of the court under the said Part I in proceedings between that landlord and that tenant shall bind the interest of every other landlord (if any).

564

4th Sch.

—cont.

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

565

Provisions as to consent of other landlords to acts of competent landlord

3. —(1) Where in the four next following paragraphs reference is made to other landlords or to mesne landlords, the reference shall be taken not to include a mesne landlord whose interest is due to expire within the period of two months beginning with the relevant date or is terminable within that period by notice to quit given by his landlord.

(2) In this paragraph the expression " the relevant date " means—

(a) if the term date of the relevant tenancy has not passed, that date;

(b) if that date has passed, and no notice has been given under subsection (1) of section four of this Act to terminate the relevant tenancy, the earliest date at which that tenancy could be brought to an end by such a notice;

(c) if such a notice has been given, the date of termination specified

in the notice.

4. —(1) If a notice is given by the competent landlord under subsection (1) of section four of this Act, or an agreement under Part I of this Act is made with the tenant by that landlord, without the written consent of every other landlord (if any), any other landlord whose written consent has not been given thereto shall, subject to the next following paragraph, be entitled to compensation from the competent landlord for any loss arising in consequence of the giving of the notice or the making of the agreement.

(2) The amount of any compensation under this paragraph shall, in default of agreement, be determined by the court on the application of the person claiming it.

5. The competent landlord may serve on any other landlord a notice in the prescribed form requiring him to consent to the giving or making of any such notice or agreement as aforesaid; and if within one month after the service of a notice under this paragraph—

(a) the consent has not been given, or

(b) conditions have been imposed on the giving of the consent which are in the opinion of the court unreasonable in all the circumstances,

the court, on an application by the competent landlord, may if it thinks fit order that the other landlord shall be deemed to have consented, either without qualification or subject to such conditions (including conditions as to the modification of the proposed notice or agreement or as to the payment of compensation by the competent landlord) as may be specified in the order.

6. —(1) It may be made a condition either—

(a) of the giving of consent by a person whose consent is required

under paragraph 4 of this Schedule, or

(b) of the making of an order under the last foregoing paragraph, that the initial repairs which the competent landlord will agree to cany out, or which, as the case may be, he will specify in accordance with subsection (1) of section nine of this Act as repairs which he is willing to carry out, shall include such repairs as may be specified in the consent or order.

Sib Sen. —coni.

566

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Elxz.2

5th Sch.

—com.

(2) In so far as any cost reasonably incurred by the compete* landlord in carrying out repairs specified in accordance with the last foregoing sub-paragraph is not recovered by way of payment for accrued tenant’s repairs and is not recoverable (apart from this sob-paragraph) otherwise than by way of such payment, it shall be recoverable by the competent landlord from the person whose conseat was or is deemed to have been given subject to the condition or (if he is dead) from his personal representatives as a debt due from him at the time of his death.

7. —(l) Where under Part I of this Act the competent landlord required by an agreement, or by a determination of the court, to cany out initial repairs to any premises, he may serve on any mesne landlord a notice requiring him to pay to the competent landlord a contribution towards the cost reasonably incurred by the competent landlord in carrying out those repairs, if and in so far as that cost is not recovered by way of payment for accrued tenant’s repairs and is not recoverable (apart from this sub-paragraph) otherwise than by way of such payment.

(2) Where a notice has been served under the last foregoing sub-paragraph, then in default of agreement between the competent landlord and the mesne landlord on whom the notice was served the court may order the mesne landlord to pay such a contribution as aforesaid.

(3) A contribution ordered under this paragraph shall be such the court determines to be reasonable having regard to the difference between the rent under the relevant tenancy and the rent which, if the tenant retains possession, will be recoverable under the Rent Acts, as applied by subsection (1) of section six of this Act, during the period of the statutory tenancy.

Failure of competent landlord to carry out initial repairs

8. Where, in consequence of the failure of the competent landlord to carry out initial repairs, the amount of any payment of rent is reduced under paragraph 1 of the Second Schedule to this Act, and the competent landlord is not the immediate landlord of the tenant, the person who is for the time being the immediate landlord shall be entitled to recover from the competent landlord the amount of the reduction.

Relief in proceedings by superior landlord

9.—(1) Where in the case of a tenancy to which section one of this Act applies—

(a) the interest of the immediate landlord is itself a tenancy (in

this paragraph referred to as " the mesne tenancy "), and

(b) a superior landlord has brought proceedings to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture in respect of a failure to comply with any terms of the mesne tenancy or of a superior tenancy having effect subject to the mesne tenancy, and

(c) the court makes an order for the recovery by the superior landlord of possession of the property comprised in the tenancy.

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

567

the tenant shall not be required to give up possession of that property 5th Sch. unless he has been a party to the proceedings or has been given notice —cont.

of the order; and the provisions of the next following sub-paragraph shall have effect where he has been such a party or has been given such a notice:

Provided that where the tenant has been a party to the proceedings the said provisions shall not apply unless he has at any time before the making of the order made application in the proceedings for relief under this paragraph.

(2) If the tenant within fourteen days after the making of the order, or where he has not been a party to the proceedings, within fourteen days after the said notice, gives notice in writing to the superior landlord that he desires that the following provisions of this sub-paragraph shall have effect and lodges a copy of the notice in the court—

(a) the tenant shall not be required to give up possession of the said property but the tenancy mentioned in head (b) of the last foregoing sub-paragraph shall be deemed as between the tenant and the superior landlord to have been surrendered on the date of the order; and

(b) if the term date of the tenant's tenancy would otherwise fall later, it shall be deemed for the purposes of Part I of this Act to fall at the expiration of seven months from the making of the order.

(3) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall prejudice the operation of any order for the recovery of possession from the tenant under the mesne tenancy, or from the tenant under any superior tenancy having effect subject to the mesne tenancy.

(4) Subsections (4), (6) and (7) of section sixteen of this Act shall with the necessary modifications apply for the purposes of this paragraph.

Relief for mesne landlord against damages for breach of covenant

10.—(1) The provisions of the next following sub-paragraph shall have effect where, in the case of a tenancy to which section one of this Act applies,—

(a) the competent landlord is not the immediate landlord, and

(b) the competent landlord has brought proceedings against a mesne landlord to enforce a right to damages in respect of a failure to comply with any terms of the mesne landlord's tenancy, and

(c) the mesne landlord has made application in the proceedings

for relief under this paragraph, and

() the court makes an order for the payment by the mesne landlord of any such damages as aforesaid.

(2) The operation of the order shall be suspended for a period of fourteen days from the making thereof, and if before the end of that period the mesne landlord gives notice in writing to the competent landlord that he desires that the provisions of heads (a) and (b) of this sub-paragraph shall have effect, and lodges a copy of the notice in the court—

(a) the order shall not be enforceable except if and in so far as it provides for the payment of costs, and

ie

568

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

5th Sch. Kb)the interest of the mesne landlord (unless it has then cone —com. to an end) shall be deemed to be surrendered, and his rights

and liabilities thereunder to be extinguished, as from the dale of the giving of the notice.

(3) Subsections (4) to (7) of section sixteen of this Act shall with the necessary modifications apply for the purposes of this paragraph.

Provisions as to liabilities under tenants' covenants in superior leases

11.—(1) Where subsection (1) of section ten of this Act applies, any terms to which this paragraph applies shall cease to have effect in so far as they relate to the premises constituting the dwelling-house, and any liability of the competent landlord or any mesne landlord or of any predecessor in title of the competent landlord or of any mesne landlord, under any such terms, in so far as it related to those premises and was a liability subsisting at the termination of the relevant tenancy, shall be deemed to have been extinguished on the termination of that tenancy.

(2) This paragraph applies to any terms of any tenancy owned by the competent landlord or by any other landlord, whether to be performed during that tenancy or on or after the expiration or determination thereof, except any such terms as are mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of the proviso to subsection (1) of section ten of this Act:

Provided that where any term to which this paragraph appties relates both to the dwelling-house and to other premises, nothing in this paragraph shall affect its operation in relation to the other premises.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, if the interest of the competent landlord, being a tenancy, or the interest of any mesne landlord, has not come to an end by the end of the period of the statutory tenancy, and the terms on which that interest was held included an obligation to repair or maintain die dwelling-house or the dwelling-house and other premises, then as from the end of the period of the statutory tenancy the instrument creating the interest of the competent landlord or mesne landlord shall be deemed to contain a covenant with the grantor of the interest that the grantee of the interest will at all times maintain the dwelling-house in a state of repair no less good than that in which it was after the completion of any initial repairs to be carried out thereon in accordance with the provisions of Part I of this Act, and will yield up possession of the dwelling-house in such a state on the coming to an end of the interest of the said landlord.

(4) Where, in a case falling within sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, the competent landlord satisfies the court—

(a) that the obligations under the tenancy which in relation to him is the immediate mesne tenancy differ from the obligations under the relevant tenancy, and

(b) that if the obligations under the relevant tenancy had bees the same as those under the first-mentioned tenancy be would have been entitled to recover any amount by way of payment for accrued tenant’s repairs which he is not entitled to recover,

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

569

he shall be entitled to recover that amount from the tenant under the first-mentioned tenancy, or, if that tenancy has come to an end, from the person who was the tenant thereunder immediately before it came to an end.

(5) Where in accordance with the last foregoing sub-paragraph, or with that sub-paragraph as applied by the following provisions of this sub-paragraph, any sum is recoverable from a person, the last foregoing sub-paragraph shall with the necessary modifications apply as between him and the person entitled to the interest (if any) which in relation to him is the immediate mesne tenancy or, if such an interest formerly subsisted but has come to an end, as between him and the person last entitled to that interest.

(6) In this paragraph the expression " the immediate mesne tenancy", in relation to the competent landlord or to a mesne landlord, means the tenancy on which his interest in those premises is immediately expectant

SIXTH SCHEDULE

Provisions for purposes of Part n where Immediate Landlord is not thb Freeholder

Definitions

1. In this Schedule the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them in relation to a tenancy (in this Schedule referred to as " the relevant tenancy "), that is to say:—

" the competent landlord " means the person who in relation to the tenancy is for the time being the landlord (as defined by section forty-four of this Act) for the purposes of Part II of this Act;

" mesne landlord " means a tenant whose interest is intermediate between the relevant tenancy and the interest of the competent landlord; and

" superior landlord " means a person (whether the owner of the fee simple or a tenant) whose interest is superior to the interest of the competent landlord.

Power of court to order reversionary tenancies 1 Where the period for which in accordance with the provisions of Part II of this Act it is agreed or determined by the court that a new tenancy should be granted thereunder will extend beyond the date on which the interest of the immediate landlord will come to an end, the power of the court under Part II of this Act to order such a grant shall include power to order the grant of a new tenancy until the expiration of that interest and also to order the grant of such a reversionary tenancy or reversionary tenancies as may be required to secure that the combined effects of those grants will be equivalent to the grant of a tenancy for that period; and the provisions of Part II of this Act shall, subject to the necessary modifications, apply in relation to the grant of a tenancy together with one or more reversionary tenancies as they apply in relation to the grant of one new tenancy.

5th Sch.

—cont.

Section 44.

570

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

2 &3 Euz:2

6th Sgh.

— co

Acts of competent landlord binding on other landlords

3. —(1) Any notice given by the competent landlord under Part D of this Act to terminate the relevant tenancy, and any agreement made between that landlord and the tenant as to the granting, duration, or terms of a future tenancy, being an agreement made for the purposes of the said Part II, shall bind the interest of any mesne landlord notwithstanding that he has not consented to the giving of the notice or was not a party to the agreement

(2) The competent landlord shall have power for the purposes of Part II of this Act to give effect to any agreement with the tenant for the grant of a new tenancy beginning with the coming to an end of the relevant tenancy, notwithstanding that the competent landlord wifi not be the immediate landlord at the commencement of the new tenancy, and any instrument made in the exercise of the power conferred by this sub-paragraph shall have effect as if the mesne landlord had been a party thereto.

(3) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shal prejudice the provisions of the next following paragraph.

Provisions as to consent of mesne landlord to acts of competent

landlord

4. —(1) If the competent landlord, not being the immediate landlord, gives any such notice or makes any such agreement as is mentioned ia sub-paragraph (1) of the last foregoing paragraph without the consent of every mesne landlord, any mesne landlord whose consent has not been given thereto shall be entitled to compensation from the competent landlord for any loss arising in consequence of the giving of the notice or the malting of the agreement.

(2) If the competent landlord applies to any mesne landlord for fas consent to such a notice or agreement, that consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, but may be given subject to any conditions which may be reasonable (including conditions as to the modification of the proposed notice or agreement or as to the payment of compensation by the competent landlord).

(3) Any question arising under this paragraph whether consent has been unreasonably withheld or whether any conditions imposed on the giving of consent are unreasonable shall be determined by the court.

Consent of superior landlord required for agreements affecting his interest

5. An agreement between the competent landlord and the tenant made for the purposes of Part II of this Act in a case where—

(a) the competent landlord is himself a tenant, and

(b) the agreement would apart from this paragraph operate as respects any period after the coming to an end of the interest of the competent landlord,

shall not have effect unless every superior landlord who will be the immediate landlord of the tenant during any part of that period is a party to the agreement.

1954 Landlord and Tenant Ch. 56 57!

Act, 1954

SEVENTH SCHEDULE Sections 45,68,

Repeal of Enactments Part I

Enactments Repealed by Part II of this Act

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

17 * 18 Geo. 5. c. 36. The Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927. Sections four to seven. In section eight, in subsection (1), the words " or created the goodwill * and the words " or for goodwill *. In section thirteen, in paragraph (b) of subsection (1), and in subsection (3), the words " or goodwill *. In section fifteen, subsection (3). In the First Schedule, in paragraphs (1) and (2) the words " or goodwill " in each place where they occur, and in paragraph (6) the words " or the goodwill

Part II Other Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

17 A 18 Geo. 5. c. 36. The Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927. In section eight, in subsection (1), the paragraph beginning with the words "Where more than one landlord section twenty-two.

14 A 15 Geo. 6. c. 38. The Leasehold Property (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1951. Section three, subsection (1) of section four, sections five to seven, subsections (4) and (5) of section eight. Part II, and the definitions of "retail trade or business " and " shop " in subsection (1) of section twenty.

572

Section 56.

Sections 41 56,68.

Ch. 56 Landlord and Tenant 2 & 3 Buz. 2

Act, 1954

EIGHTH SCHEDULE

Application of Part II to land belonging to Crown and Duchies of Lancaster and Cornwall

1. Where an interest in any property comprised in a tenancy belongs to Her Majesty in right of the Duchy of Lancaster, then for the purposes of Part II of this Act the Chancellor of the Duchy shall represent Her Majesty and shall be deemed to be the owner of the interest.

2. Where an interest in any property comprised in a tenancy betoogi to the Duchy of Cornwall, then for the purposes of Part II of thit Act such person as the Duke of Cornwall, or other the possessor for the time being of the Duchy of Cornwall, appoints shall reproest the Duke of Cornwall or other the possessor aforesaid, and shall be deemed to be the owner of the interest and may do any act or thing under the said Part II which the owner of that interest is authorised or required to do thereunder.

3. Section fifteen of the Crown Lands Act, 1927, shall apply to compensation payable under section thirty-seven of this Act as h applies to the cost specified in the said section fifteen.

4. The amount of any compensation payable under section thirty-seven of this Act by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster shall be raised and paid as an expense incurred in improvement of land belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Duchy within section twenty-five of the Act of the fifty-seventh year of King George the Third, Chapter ninety-seven.

5. Any compensation payable under section thirty-seven of this Act by the person representing the Duke of Cornwall or other the possessor for the time being of the Duchy of Cornwall shall be paid, and advances therefor made, in the manner and subject to the provisions of section eight of the Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863 with respect to improvements of land mentioned in that section.

42, NINTH SCHEDULE

Transitional Provisions

1. The power under section sixty-six of this Act to make regulations prescribing forms of notices for the purposes of this Act maybe exercised at any time after the passing and before the commencement of this Act so as to bring the regulations into operation at any time after they are made; and where the date, or the end of a period, specified by a notice which is given in a form so prescribed falls after the time at which this Act comes into operation the notice shall not be inVklid by reason only that it was served before that time.

2. —(1) Nothing in this Act shall prevent the recovery from a tenant who retains possession of a dwelling-house by virtue of section six of this Act of any amount due under section six of the Leasehold Property (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1951, in respect of work executed on die dwelling-house; but where any such amount is recoverable by the landlord (as defined by subsection (1), and the proviso to subsection

(4), of section twenty-one of this Act) it shall be recoverable in accordance with the following provisions of this paragraph but in no other manner.

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

573

(2) The amount shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as a 9th Sch. payment for accrued tenant's repairs, and accordingly the question —eomt. whether any and if so what amount is due as aforesaid shall be deemed

to be included in the matters specified in paragraphs (b) to (e) of subsection (2) of section seven of this Act.

(3) Sub-paragraph (6) of paragraph 4 and paragraph 12 of the First Schedule to this Act shall apply in relation to the amount as they apply in relation to expenses incurred by the landlord in ascertaining what initial repairs are required in consequence of failure by the tenant to fulfil his obligation under the former tenancy.

3. Where immediately before the commencement of this Act a person was protected by section seven of the Leasehold Property (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1951, against the making of an order or giving of a judgment for possession or ejectment, the Rent Acts shall apply in relation to the dwelling-house to which that person's protection extended immediately before the commencement of this Act as if section fifteen of this Act had always had effect.

4. For the purposes of section twenty-six and subsection (2) of section forty of this Act a tenancy which is not such a tenancy as is mentioned in subsection (1) of the said section twenty-six but is a tenancy to which Part II of this Act applies and in respect of which the following conditions are satisfied, that is to say—

(c) that it took effect before the commencement of this Act at the coming to an end by effluxion of time or notice to quit of a tenancy which is such a tenancy as is mentioned in subsection (1) of the said section twenty-six or is by virtue of this paragraph deemed to be such a tenancy; and (b) that if this Act had then been in force the tenancy at the coming to an end of which it took effect would have been one to which Part II of this Act applies; and

(c) that the tenant is either the tenant under the tenancy at the coming to an end of which it took effect or a successor to his business,

shall be deemed to be such a tenancy as is mentioned in subsection (1) of the said section twenty-six.

5.—(1) A tenant under a tenancy which was current at the commencement of this Act shall not in any case be entitled to compensation under section thirty-seven or fifty-nine of this Act unless at the date on which he is to quit the holding the holding or part thereof has continuously been occupied for the purposes of the carrying on of the tenant's business (whether by him or by any other person) for at least five years.

(2) Where a tenant under a tenancy which was current at the commencement of this Act would but for this sub-paragraph be entitled both to—

(a) compensation under section thirty-seven or section fifty-nine of this Act; and

(b) compensation payable, under the provisions creating the tenancy, on the termination of the tenancy,

be shall be entitled, at his option, to the one or the other, but not to both.

574

Ch. 56

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eixz.2

9ih Sea 6.—(1) Where the landlord's interest in the property comprised in a

—amt. tenancy which, immediately before the commencement of this Act, was terminable by less than six months’ notice to quit given by lit landlord belongs to or is held for the purposes of a Government Department or is held by statutory undertakers, the tenancy afaal have effect as if that shorter length of notice were specified in such aa agreement as is mentioned in subsection (2) or (3) of section fifty-eight of this Act, as the case may be, and the agreement were embodied is the tenancy.

(2) The last foregoing sub-paragraph shall apply in relation to a tenancy where the landlord’s interest belongs or is held as aforesaid and which, immediately before the commencement of this Act, was terminable by the landlord without notice as if the tenancy had then been terminable by one month’s notice to quit given by the landlord.

7. Nothing in this Act shall invalidate any claim under Part I of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927, for compensation for an improvement where the claim was made before the commencement of this Act; and any proceedings arising out of such a claim which were pending at the commencement of this Act may be continued as if this Act had not been passed.

8. Where at the commencement of this Act any proceedings are pending on an application made before the commencement of this Act to the tribunal under section five of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927, no further step shall be taken in the proceedings except for the purposes of an order as to costs; and where the tribunal has made an interim order in the proceedings under subsection (13) of section five of that Act authorising the tenant to remain in possession of the property comprised in his tenancy for any period, the tenancy shall be deemed not to have come to an end before the expiration of that period, and section twenty-four of this Act shall have effect in relation to it accordingly.

9. Where in the case of a tenancy which came to an end before the time at which this Act came into operation a claim under section four of the Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927, was duly made before that time, nothing in this Act shall affect the operation of the said Act of 1927 in relation to that claim:

Provided that if at the commencement of this Act proceedings ob the claim have not been begun before the tribunal for the purposes of the said Act of 1927, any such proceedings shall be brought in accordance with section sixty-three of this Act.

10. —(1) Where a tenancy of a shop (within the meaning of Part II of the Leasehold Property (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1951) is current at the commencement of this Act, and before the commencement of this Act—

(a) the tenant has made application under the said Part II for the grant of a new tenancy but the application has been finally disposed of without the grant of a new tenancy bring ordered, or

le

1954

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1954

Ch. 56

575

(6) the landlord has served notice under subsection (2) of section eleven of the said Act of 1951, calling on the tenant to elect whether to make an application and the time for making the application has expired without its having been made, the tenancy shall not be one to which Part II of this Act applies.

(2) For the purposes of this paragraph an application shall be treated as having been finally disposed of when the proceedings on the application (including any proceedings on or in consequence of an appeal) have been determined and any time for appealing or further appealing has expired, except that if the application is withdrawn or any appeal is abandoned, the application shall be treated as having been finally disposed of at the time of withdrawal or abandonment.

11. Notwithstanding the repeal of Part II of the Leasehold Property (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1951, where immediately before the commencement of this Act a tenancy was being continued by subsection (3) of section eleven of that Act it shall not come to an end at the commencement of this Act, and section twenty-four of this Act shall have effect in relation to it accordingly.

oo

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Lands Causes Consolidation Act, 1845

Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863

Re-election of Ministers Act, 1919

Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920

Settled Land Act, 1925

Law of Property Act, 1925

Universities and College Estates Act, 1925

Grown Lands Act, 1927

Landlord and Tenant Act, 1927

Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act, 1933

County Courts Act, 1934

House of Commons Disqualification (Declaration

of Law) Act. 1935

Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1938

Leasehold Property (Repairs) Act, 1938

Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1939

Distribution of Industry Act, 1945

New Towns Act, 1946

National Health Service Act, 1946

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947

Companies Act, 1948

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1948

Landlord and Tenant (Rent Control) Act, 1949... Leasehold Property (Temporary Provisions) Act,

1951

Customs and Excise Act, 1952

Housing Repairs and Rents Act, 1954

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 49.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 2.

10 All Geo.5. c. 17.

15 A16 Geo. 5. c. 18.

15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 20. 15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 24. 17 A 18 Geo. 5. c. 23. 17 A 18 Geo. 5. c. 36.

23 A 24 Geo. 5. c. 32.

24 A 25 Geo. 5. c. 53.

25 A 26 Geo. 5. c. 38.

1 A 2 Geo. 6. c. 26.

1 A 2 Geo. 6. c. 34.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 71.

8 A 9 Geo. 6. c. 36.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 68.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 81.

10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 51.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 38.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 63. 12,13 A14 Geo. 6. c. 40.

14 A 15 Geo. 6. c. 38.

15 A 16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

2 A 3 Eliz. 2. c. 53.

9th Sch. —cont.

576 Ch. 57 Baking Industry 2 & 3 Buz. 2

(Hours of , 1954

CHAPTER 57

Baking Industry (Hours of Work) , 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Hours of work at bakeries other than night-bakeries.

2. Hours of work at night-bakeries.

3. Special exceptions.

4. Power to sub-divide establishments.

5. Notices, applications, records, etc.

6. Officers.

7. Offences.

8. Power to modify agreements.

9. Minister’s power to make exemption orders.

10. Expenses.

11. Interpretation and application.

12. Repeals and savings.

13. Short title, commencement, extent, etc.

An Act to restrict night work in the baking industry, and for purposes connected therewith.

[30th July, 1954)

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Hours of work 1.—(1) Except at an establishment with respect to which i at bakeries notice under subsection (1) of the next following section is for m^-bakeries t*me ^ing operative, and subject to the other provisions of ’ ' this Act, a person shall not be employed as a bakery worker

between the hours of ten o’clock in the evening and five o'docfc in the morning:

Provided that a person may be so employed on dough-making or oven-firing at any time in the morning not earlier than three o’clock.

(2) In this Act, the expression " bakery worker " means a person employed in any undertaking carried on by way of trade or for the purposes of gain under a contract of service or of apprenticeship in the manufacture of bread or flour confectionery or on work incidental to such manufacture, including the slicing, wrapping, loading or other preparation for sale or distribution of bread or flour confectionery, but does not include—

(a) any person employed wholly on one or more of the following classes of work, that is to say, distribution, work (other than such preparation as aforesaid) incidental to distribution, cleaning, the maintenance, repair or servicing of plant, buildings or equipment, and office, administrative or welfare work; or

1954

Baking Industry

(flours of Work) Act, 1954

Ch. 57

577

(6) any person employed partly on loading who is mainly and, apart from his employment on loading, wholly employed on one or more of the classes of work specified in die foregoing paragraph; or

(c) a foreman, that is to say, a worker with four or more

bakery workers under him; or

() any person employed in the kitchen of an hotel, boarding

house, restaurant, cafe or other similar establishment so far as he is so employed in, or on work incidental to, the manufacture of flour confectionery for consumption at that establishment;

and for the purposes of this definition the expression " flour confectionery " includes oat-cakes and shortbread but not biscuits.

(3) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection, where any undertaking such as is mentioned therein is carried on by a company, a director of the company who holds as beneficial owner shares therein amounting in nominal value to more than one-quarter of the issued share capital of the company shall not, but any other director of the company shall, be deemed to be employed by the company under a contract of service.

2.—(1) An employer may at any time give notice in writing to the Minister that he intends to use any establishment as a night-bakery, and any person employed as a bakery worker at that establishment while that notice remains operative (in this Act referred to as a " night-bakery worker ") may be so employed at any time of the day or night, subject, however, to compliance with the conditions set out in the next following subsection.

(2) The conditions referred to in the foregoing subsection are that, subject to the provisions of this Act—

(a) a person shall not be employed as a night-bakery worker

between the hours of six o’clock in the evening and six o’clock in the morning for more than twenty-six working weeks in any one year;

(b) except in accordance with such a consent as is mentioned in subsection (4) of this section, a person shall not be employed as a night-bakery worker between the hours aforesaid for more than four consecutive working weeks at any one time; and

(c) except in accordance with such a consent as aforesaid,

a person shall not at any time in any one year have bera employed as a night-bakery worker between the hours aforesaid for an aggregate number of working weeks exceeding by more than four the aggregate number of working weeks in that year for which he has been in employment as a night-bakery worker without being employed between the hours aforesaid.

T

Hours of work at night-bakeries.

578

Ch. 57

Baking Industry

CHours of Work) , 1954

2 & 3

(3) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection—

(a) all employment as a night-bakery worker by the same employer in any year shall be taken into account, whether or not the employment is continuous or is at the same establishment, but no account shall be taken of any period of employment by another employer;

(b) a person shall be deemed to have been employed as a night-bakery worker between the hours aforesaid for the whole of any working week in which he has at any time been employed as a night-bakery worker between those hours;

(c) where a working week falls partly in one year and partly

in another year—

(i) if the greater part of that week falls in one of those years, the whole week shall be deemed to fall in that year;

(ii) if an equal part of that week falls in each of those years, the whole week shall be deemed to fall in the later of those years.

(4) If in the case of any establishment, by reason of the seasonal requirements of a holiday resort or other special circumstances, it appears to the Minister reasonable and proper so to do, he may grant his consent in writing for the employment at that establishment, subject to such conditions, if any, as may be specified in the consent, of persons as night-bakery workers otherwise than in accordance with either or both of the conditions specified in paragraphs (b) and (c) of subsection (2) of this section, and any such consent may be revoked by the Minister at any time.

(5) Any notice under subsection (1) of this section shall be in a form approved by the Minister and shall include the following particulars—

(a) the address of the establishment intended to be used as a

night-bakery;

(b) the date on which the establishment is to commence to

be used as a night-bakery; and

(c) the day of the week and the time on that day at which

the period of seven consecutive days which is to be treated as the working week at that establishment for the purposes of this section is to begin and end.

(6) While any such notice remains operative, the working week aforesaid shall not be changed except on and from one of the first seven days in January in any year and after at least one month's notice has been given in writing by the employer to the Minister.

(7) An employer may at any time give notice in writing to the Minister that, as from a date specified in the notice, he intends to discontinue the use of any establishment so specified as a night-bakery, and where such a notice is given the notice under subsection (1) of this section with respect to that establishment shall cease to be operative as from the date so specified.

1954

Baking Industry

C Hours of Work) , 1954

Ch. 57

579

3.—(1) Subject to the proviso to subsection (4) of this section, Special the provisions of this section shall have effect notwithstanding exceptions, anything in section one of this Act, and any work on which a night-bakery worker is employed by virtue of this section shall be left out of account for the purposes of section two of this Act.

(2) If it is necessary in order to meet the requirements of the public immediately before or immediately after Sunday or the Jewish Sabbath, a bakery worker may be employed during one night work period in each week to be selected by the employer:

Provided that, in the case of any one establishment, not more than two night work periods in the week shall be selected for the purposes of this subsection, which shall be on the same days in every week in any one year unless, on an application made to him by the employer for the purpose, the Minister is satisfied that it is reasonable to change those days and grants his permission in writing.

13) Without prejudice to the last foregoing subsection, if it is necessary in order to meet the increased requirements of the public before an ordinary or special public holiday, a bakery worker may be employed during any one night work period, to be selected by the employer, in the period of seven days immediately preceding that holiday:

Provided that, in the case of any one establishment and any one such holiday, not more than two night work periods in the said period of seven days shall be selected for the purposes of this subsection.

(4) Without prejudice to the two last foregoing subsections, a bakery worker may be employed during any night work period when it is necessary in order to avoid serious interference with the ordinary work of an establishment by reason of accident, illness, break-down of machinery or plant, or other unforeseen emergency:

Provided that this subsection shall not be a defence to any proceedings under section seven of this Act with respect to any period of employment by reason of such an emergency, and work on which a night-bakery worker is employed for any period by reason of such an emergency shall not be left out of account for the purposes of section two of this Act—

(a) unless the employer has given notice in writing to the Minister of the existence of the emergency; or

(b) if that notice was given more than forty-eight hours after

the commencement of that period.

(5) If an employer gives notice in writing to the Minister in such form as die Minister may approve that he desires this subsection to apply with respect to any establishment of his specified in the notice, then, unless and until the employer sends to the Minister in writing a cancellation of that notice, subsection (3) of this section shall have effect with respect to that

580

Ch. 57

Baking Industry

(Hours of Work) Act, 1954

2 &3Euz.2

establishment as if for the references therein to an ordinary public holiday there were substituted references to a day on which the establishment in question is to be closed for the purposes of celebrating any of the following Jewish Holy Days, that is to say, Pentecost, the Jewish New Year, the Day of Atonement aod tl* Feast of Tabernacles:

Provided that, except with the consent in writing of the Minister, a notice or cancellation under this subsection shall not take effect until the first day of January next following the giving thereof.

(6) In this section, the following expressions have the following meanings respectively in relation to any establishment, that is to say—

" ordinary public holiday " means a day which is a bank holiday under the Bank Holidays Act, 1871, in dut part of Great Britain in which the establishment is situated, not being a day (other than the twenty-seventh day of December) appointed as a bank holiday by virtue of section four of that Act, and, in relation to u establishment in England or Wales, includes Christmas Day and Good Friday;

" special public holiday " means any other day which, in the said part of Great Britain, is a bank holiday under the said Act, a public holiday or a day appointed for public thanksgiving or mourning.

Power to 4.—(1) If, on an application made to him at any time for the

sub-divide purpose by any employer, the Minister is satisfied with respect establishments. to any establishment that, by reason of the fact that different bakery products are being manufactured, or different processes are being carried on, either in different parts of that establishment or by different sets of workers, it is reasonable so to do, the Minister may at any time grant, subject to such conditions, if any, as he may think fit, a certificate that for the purposes of this Act any specified parts of that establishment are to be treated as separate establishments or any specified activities carried on at that establishment are to be treated as carried on at separate establishments; and any reference in this Act to an establishment shall be construed as including a reference to—

(a) any part of an establishment; and

(b) an establishment in so far as it is used for any particular activities,

with respect to which such a certificate is for the time being in force.

(2) The Minister may at any time revoke any certificate granted under this section.

1^54

Baking Industry

(Hours of Work) Act, 1954

Ch. 57

581

5. —(1) An employer of any bakery workers shall at all times Notices, cause to be displayed at the establishment at which those workers applications, arc employed and in a position where they may conveniently be records»etc* read by those workers—

(a) such abstract or statement of the effect of this Act as may be issued for that purpose by the Minister;

(b) a notice specifying the night work period or periods, if any, selected in the case of that establishment for the purposes of subsection (2) of section three of this Act;

(c) where the establishment is used as a night-bakery, a copy

of the notice served with respect to that establishment under subsection (1) of section two of this Act and a copy of any consent granted by the Minister under subsection (4) of that section;

() where a certificate under section four of this Act is in force with respect to the establishment, a copy of that certificate;

(e) where a notice given under subsection (5) of section three of this Act has effect for the time being with respect to that establishment, a copy of that notice.

(2) The employer of any night-bakery workers shall keep such records in respect of those workers as are necessary to show whether or not the provisions of this Act and any conditions imposed by the Minister thereunder are being complied with, showing in particular the times at which each of those workers started and finished work on any day; and the employer shall preserve any such records until not less than twelve months after the expiration of the year to which they relate.

(3) Where, for the purposes of subsection (4) of section three of this Act, an employer has given notice to the Minister of the existence of an emergency, the employer shall, if so required by the Minister, furnish such further information concerning the nature of the emergency and the workers who have been or are to be employed by reason thereof as the Minister may direct.

(4) Any notice, application or information required by this Act to be given or made to the Minister shall be so given or made in such manner and at such place as the Minister may direct.

6. —(1) Every officer furnished by the Minister under subsection Officers.

(2) of section seventeen of the Wages Councils Act, 1945, with a certificate of his appointment or authority to act for the purposes

of Part II of that Act shall also be deemed to be appointed or authorised to act for the purposes of this Act, and when acting under this Act shall, if so required by any person affected, produce that certificate to him.

582

Ch. 57

Baking Industry

(Hours of Work) Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

(2) An officer acting for the purposes of this Act shall have power for the performance of his duties—

(a) to require the production of any records required to be kept under subsection (2) of section five of this Act aad to inspect and examine any such records and copy any material part thereof;

(b) to enter any premises or place at any time when, or when there is reasonable cause to believe that, any persons are being employed as bakery workers thereat;

(c) to examine, either alone or in the presence of any other person, as he thinks fit, with respect to any matters under this Act, any person whom there is reasonable cause to believe to be or to have been a bakery worker, or the employer of any such person, or a servant or agent of the employer employed in the employer's business, and to require every such person to be so examined and to sign a declaration of the truth of the matters in respect of which he is so examined;

() where the employer of any bakery workers is a company, to inspect the register of members of that company without charge at any time when the register is open for inspection by members of the company:

Provided that no person shall be required under paragraph (c) of this subsection to give any information tending to criminate himself.

(3) In England or Wales, an officer acting for the purposes of this Act may institute proceedings for any offence under this Act and may, although not of counsel or a solicitor, conduct any such proceedings.

Offences. 7.—(1) If any person is employed as a bakery worker during

a night work period otherwise than as permitted by or under this Act, the employer shall be guilty of an offence and be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds; and for the purposes of this subsection the employer shall be deemed to have committed a separate offence in respect of each such period during which a worker is so employed.

(2) If any employer fails to comply with any requirement of subsection (1) or (2) of section five of this Act which is applicable in his case he shall be guilty of an offence and be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(3) If any person makes or causes to be made or knowingly allows to be made any entry in the records required by subsection

(2) of section five of this Act to be kept by employers which he knows to be false in a material particular, or for purposes connected with this Act produces or furnishes, or causes or knowingly allows to be produced or furnished, any records which he knows to be false in a material particular, he shall be

1954

Baking Industry

(Hours of Work) Act, 1954

Ch. 57

563

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both.

(4) Where, under subsection (3) of section five of this Act, the Minister has required any employer to furnish him with any information, then—

(a) if the employer fails to comply with that requirement, he shall be guilty of an offence and be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds;

(b) if the employer furnishes, or causes or knowingly allows

to be furnished, any information which is to bis knowledge false in any material particular, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both.

(5) Any person who obstructs an officer acting for the purposes of this Act in the exercise of any power conferred by section six of this Act, or fails to comply with any requirement of such an officer made in the exercise of any such power, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

8. —(1) Where, by reason of an agreement in force at the Power to commencement of this Act between the lessor and the lessee of premises the whole or any part of which is used for the manu- agreemen facture of bread or flour confectionery or for work incidental

to such manufacture, the lessee is prevented from carrying out structural or other alterations in the premises, the lessee may apply, in accordance with county court rules, to the county court and, if the court is satisfied that having regard to the restrictions on hours of work imposed by this Act the lessee ought reasonably to be allowed to carry out any such structural or other alterations, the court may make such order setting aside or modifying the terms of the agreement as the court considers just and equitable in the circumstances of the case.

(2) In the application of the foregoing subsection to Scotland, for the references to the county court and to county court rules there shall respectively be substituted references to the sheriff and to act of sederunt.

9. —(1) If at any time the Minister is satisfied that there is in Minister’s force an agreement to which one or more organisations representing power to make employers in the baking industry and one or more trade unions representing bakery workers are parties and that, having regard

to the terms of that agreement, this Act should not apply in relation to bakery workers to whom the agreement relates, he may by order provide that the foregoing provisions of this Act shall not apply in relation to bakery workers to whom the agreement relates employed by any employer to whom the agreement applies.

584

Ch. 57

Baking Industry

(Hours of Work) , 1954

2&3EUZ.2

(2) When any such order is made with respect to any sock agreement, any organisation representing employers which is a party to the agreement shall cause the Minister to be fumidicd in such manner and at such place as he may direct with a last of the employers who are members of that organisation and to whom the agreement applies, and so long as the order remains in force—

(a) any such organisation shall cause the Minister to be furnished as aforesaid with information of any changes which should from time to time be made in the li* aforesaid; and

(b) the parties to the agreement shall cause the Minister to be furnished as aforesaid with particulars of any amendment which may from time to time be made in the agreement and with notice of any withdrawal from or revocation of the agreement.

(3) So long as an order made under this section remains ia force and applies in his case, an employer to whom any such agreement as aforesaid for the time being applies shall cause to be displayed at any establishment at which bakery workers to whom the agreement relates are employed by him, and in a position where it may conveniently be read by those workers, a notice in such form as the Minister may approve for the purpose of notifying those workers of the application of that order; and if in the case of any such establishment such a notice is not displayed the employer shall be guilty of an offence and be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(4) Any order made under this section—

(a) shall be made by statutory instrument; and

(b) may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made in the like manner.

Expenses. 10. Any expenses incurred by the Minister in carrying this Act into effect shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Interpretation 11.—(1) In this Act, the following expressions have the follow-

and ing meanings respectively, that is to say—

application. " bakery worker " has the meaning assigned by subsections

(2) and (3) of section one of this Act;

" the Minister " means the Minister of Labour and National Service;

" night work period " means, in the case of a night-bakery worker, the period from six o’clock in the evening on one day to six o’clock in the morning on the next following day and, in any other case, the period from ten o’clock in the evening on one day to five o’clock in the morning on the next following day;

1954

Baking Industry

(Hours of Work) , 1954

Ch. 57

585

44 night-bakery" means an establishment at which the hours of work of bakery workers are regulated by the provisions of section two of this Act;

" night-bakery worker " means a person employed as a bakery worker at a night-bakery;

" year " means a calendar year commencing with the first day of January;

and "company", "director", "share" and "share capital" have the same meanings as for the purposes of the Companies Act, 1948.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of any other enactment, the provisions of this Act relating to the hours of work of bakery workers shall not apply to the hours of work of any woman or young person within the meaning of the Factories Act, 1937, employed as a bakery worker at a factory within the meaning of that Act.

(3) Nothing in this Act shall apply in relation to the employment of any person in any description of vessel used in navigation.

12. —(1) The restrictions relating to work on Sundays con- Repeals and tained in the Sunday Observance Act, 1677, shall cease to have

effect in relation to the employment of bakery workers.

(2) The Baking Industry (Hours of Work) Act, 1938, is hereby repealed.

(3) Save as provided in the foregoing provisions of this section, the provisions of this Act shall be in addition to and not in substitution for or diminution of the provisions of any other Act.

13. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Baking Industry (Hours Short title,

of Work) Act, 1954. commence.

(2) This Act shall come into operation— cxtent

(a) if the Minister by order so provides, on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven; or

(b) failing such an order by the Minister, on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight.

(3) The power to make an order conferred by the last foregoing subsection shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(4) Without prejudice to section thirty-seven of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the exercise of statutory powers between the passing and the commencement of an Act), a notice or consent under section two of this Act, a notice under subsection

(5) of section three of this Act, a certificate under section four of this Act or an order under section nine of this Act may be served, granted or made before the date when this Act comes into operation but shall not have effect until that date.

(5) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

GOO

586

Ch. 57, 58

Baking Industry & 3 Euz.2

(Hours of Work) Act, 1954

ToWe o/ Statutes referred to in this Act

Validation and modification of imperfect trust instruments.

Short Title Session and Chapter

Sunday Observance Act, 1677 Bank Holidays Act, 1871 Interpretation Act, 1889 Factories Act, 1937 Baking Industry (Hours of Work) Act, 1938 Wages Councils Act, 1943 Companies Act, 1948 29 Car. 2. c. 7. 34 & 35 VicL c. 17. 52 & 53 Vict c. 63. 1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c 67. I & 2 Geo. 6. c. 41. 8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 17. II & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38.

CHAPTER 58

An Act to validate under the law of England and Wales, and restrict to charitable objects, certain instruments taking effect before the sixteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, ana providing for property to be held or applied for objects partly but not exclusively charitable, and to enable corresponding provision to be made by the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

[30th July, 1954]

TfrE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

l.-H[l) In this Act, " imperfect trust provision " means any provision declaring the objects for which property is to be held or applied, and so describing those objects that, consistently with the terms of the provision, the property could be used exclusively for charitable purposes, but could nevertheless be used for purposes which are not charitable.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this Act, any imperfect trust provision contained in an instrument taking effect before the sixteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, shall have, and be deemed to have had, effect in relation to any disposition or covenant to which this Act applies—

(a) as respects the period before the commencement of this Act, as if the whole of the declared objects were charitable; and

(b) as respects the period after that commencement as if the provision had required the property to be held or applied for the declared objects in so far only as they authorise use for charitable purposes.

1954

Charitable Trusts

(Validation) Act, 1954

Ch. 58

587

(3) A document inviting gifts of property to be held or applied for objects declared by the document shall be treated for the purposes of this section as an instrument taking effect when it is first issued.

(4) In this Act, " covenant ’* includes any agreement, whether under seal or not, and " covenantor " is to be construed accordingly.

2. —(1) Subject to the next following subsection, this Act applies Dispositions to any disposition of property to be held or applied for objects 811(1 declared by an imperfect trust provision, and to any covenant to

make such a disposition, where apart from this Act the disposition w

or covenant is invalid under the law of England and Wales, but would be valid if the objects were exclusively charitable.

(2) This Act does not apply to a disposition if before the sixteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, property comprised in, or representing that comprised in, the disposition in question or another disposition made for the objects declared by the same imperfect trust provision, or income arising from any such property, has been paid or conveyed to, or applied for the benefit of, the persons entitled by reason of the invalidity of the disposition in question or of such other disposition as aforesaid, as the case may be.

(3) A disposition in settlement or other disposition creating more than one interest in the same property shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as a separate disposition in relation to each of the interests created.

3. —(1) Subject to the next following subsection, where a Savings disposition to which this Act applies was made before, and is for adverse not confirmed after, the commencement of this Act, the foregoing daim8’etc* sections shall not prejudice a person’s right, by reason of the invalidity of the disposition, to property comprised in, or representing that comprised in, the disposition as against the persons administering the imperfect trust provision or the persons on

whose behalf they do so, unless the right accrued to him or some person through whom he claims more than six years before the sixteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-two; but the persons administering the imperfect trust provision, and any trustee for them or for the persons on whose behalf they do so, shall be entitled, as against a person whose right to the properly is saved by this subsection, to deal with the property as if this subsection had not been passed, unless they have express notice of a claim by him to enforce his right to the property.

(2) No proceedings shall be begun by any person to enforce his right to any property by virtue of the foregoing subsection after the expiration of one year beginning with the date of the passing of this Act or the date when the right first accrues to him

T* 2

Charitable Trusts

(Validation) , 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

588

Ch. 58

or to some person through whom he claims, whichever is the later, unless the right (before or after its accrual) either—

(a) has been concealed by the fraud of some person administering the imperfect trust provision or his agent; or

(b) has been acknowledged by some such person or his agent by means of a written acknowledgment given to the person having the right or his agent and signed by the person making it, or by means of a payment or transfer of property in respect of the right;

and if the period prescribed by this subsection for any person to bring proceedings to recover any property expires without his having recovered the property or begun proceedings to do so, his title to the property shall be extinguished.

This subsection shall not be taken as extending the time for bringing any proceedings beyond the period of limitation prescribed by any other enactment.

(3) For the purposes of the foregoing subsections, a right by reason of the invalidity of a disposition to property comprised in, or representing that comprised in, the disposition shall not be deemed to accrue to anyone so long as he is under a disability or has a future interest only, or so long as the disposition is subject to another disposition made by the same person, and the whole of the property or the income arising from it is held or applied for the purposes of that other disposition.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. (4) Subsections (2) to (4) of section thirty-one of the Limitation

c. 21. Act, 1939 (which define the circumstances in which, for the

purposes of that Act, a person is to be deemed to be under a disability or to claim through another person), shall apply for the purposes of the foregoing subsections as they apply for the purposes of that Act.

(5) Where subsection (1) of this section applies to save a person’s right to property comprised in, or representing that comprised in, a disposition, or would have so applied but for some dealing with the property by persons administering the imperfect trust provision, or by any trustee for them or for the persons on whose behalf they do so, the foregoing sections shall not prejudice the first-mentioned person’s right by virtue of his interest in the property to damages or other relief in respect of any dealing with the property by any person administering the imperfect trust provision or by any such trustee as aforesaid, if the person dealing with the property had at the time express notice of a claim by him to enforce his right to the property.

(6) A covenant entered into before the commencement of this Act shall not be enforceable by virtue of this Act unless confirmed by the covenantor after that commencement, but a disposition made in accordance with such a covenant shall be treated for

1954

Charitable Trusts

(Validation) , 1954

Ch. 58

589

the purposes of this Act as confirming the covenant and any previous disposition made in accordance with it.

4.—(1) Subject to the next following subsection, effect shall be Provisions as given to the provisions of this Act in legal proceedings begun tof^JD8 before its commencement, as well as in those begun afterwards. an^pSt188

decisions and tax payments.

(2) This Act shall not affect any order or judgment made or given before its commencement in legal proceedings begun before the sixteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, or any appeal or other proceedings consequent on any such order or judgment.

(3) Where in legal proceedings begun on or after the said sixteenth day of December, any order or judgment has been made or given before the commencement of this Act which would not have been made or given after that commencement, the court by which the order or judgment was made or given shall, on the application of any person aggrieved thereby, set it aside in whole or in part and make such further order as the court thinks equitable with a view to placing those concerned as nearly as may be in the position they ought to be in having regard to this Act:

Provided that proceedings to have an order or judgment set aside under this subsection shall not be instituted more than six months after the commencement of this Act.

(4) This Act shall not, by its operation on any instrument as respects the period before the commencement of the Act, impose or increase any liability to tax nor entitle any person to reclaim any tax paid or borne before that commencement, nor (save as respects taxation) require the objects declared by the instrument to be treated for the purposes of any enactment as having been charitable so as to invalidate anything done or any determination given before that commencement.

5. Notwithstanding anything in the Government of Ireland Provisions as Act, 1920, the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall have power j° Northern to make laws for purposes similar to the purposes of this Act: lo&it Geo 5

Provided that no such law shall, by its operation as respects c. 67. any period before its commencement, impose or increase any liability to a reserved tax or entitle any person to reclaim any reserved tax paid or borne before that commencement.

6. This Act, and (except in so far as the contrary intention Application appears) any enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland to Crown, passed for purposes similar to the purposes of this Act, shall

bind the Crown.

7. This Act may be cited as the Charitable Trusts (Validation) Short title. Act, 1954.

590 Ch. 59 Slaughter of Animals (Amendment) 2&3 Euz.2

Act, 1954

CHAPTER 59

Slaughter of Animals (Amendment) , 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Licensing of premises for slaughter of animals.

2. Regulations for securing humane conditions in slaughterhouses, etc.

3. Licensing of slaughtermen.

4. Extension of s. 1 of Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933.

5. Penalties for certain offences.

6. Powers of entry.

7. Regulations.

8. Expenses.

9. Interpretation and construction.

10. Application to London and Metropolitan Cattle Market

11. Consequential amendments and repeals.

12. Short title, citation, extent and commencement Schedules:

First Schedule—Particular matters to be dealt with by regulations under s. 2 relating to horses.

Second Schedule—Amendments and repeals.

Part I—Minor and consequential amendments.

Part II—Enactments repealed.

An Act to implement certain recommendations of the Committee of Inquiry into the Slaughter of Horses, and otherwise to amend the enactments relating to the slaughter of animals.

[30th July, 1954)

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Licensing of 1.—(1) In relation to the use of any premises for or in coimeo

premises tion with the slaughter of horses, a licence granted after the for slaughter commencement of this Act under section fifty-seven of the Food of animals. and Drugs Act, 1938 (which provides for the licensing of slaughterhouses and knackers' yards), shall be of no effect unless the licence expressly authorises the use of the premises for that purpose.

(2) Where any premises used or to be used for the confinement of animals awaiting slaughter in a slaughterhouse or knacker’s yard are situated outside the curtilage of the premises used or to be used for the slaughter, separate licences may be granted under the said section fifty-seven authorising the use of those premises for those purposes respectively.

1954 Slaughter of Animals (Amendment) Ch. 59 591

Act, 1954

(3) A licence under the said section fifty-seven shall not be granted in respect of any premises unless the local authority are satisfied that the requirements of any regulations in force under this Act with respect to the construction, lay-out and equipment of premises are complied with or will be complied with before the date on which the licence or renewed licence comes into force in respect of those premises; but nothing in this subsection shall be taken as affecting—

(a) so much of the said section fifty-seven as confers a right

of appeal on a person aggrieved by the refusal of a local authority to grant a licence under that section; or

(b) paragraph 2 of the First Schedule to the Slaughterhouses

Act, 1954 (under which a slaughterhouse licence is, in the case of certain classes of premises, to be granted as of right subject to the application for the licence being made before the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-five).

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland—

(a) in subsections (1) and (2), for any reference to a licence

granted under section fifty-seven of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938, in so far as that section relates to the licensing of slaughterhouses, there shall be substituted a reference to a registration under section nine of the Slaughterhouses Act, 1954 (which provides for registration in respect of slaughterhouses), and in so far as the said section fifty-seven relates to the licensing of knackers’ yards there shall be substituted a reference to a licence under section thirty-three of the Public Health (Scotland)

Act, 1897 (which provides for the licensing of knackers* yards);

(b) in subsection (3), for any reference to section fifty-seven of the said Act of 1938 there shall be substituted a reference to section thirty-three of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897; and

(c) where a local authority refuse to grant a registration in

respect of premises under section nine of the Slaughterhouses Act, 1954, expressly authorising the use of the premises in question for or in connection with the -slaughter of horses, any such refusal shall, for the purposes of subsection (8) of section ten of the said Act (which allows to a person aggrieved by a decision of a local authority under that section an appeal to the Secretary of State) be treated as a refusal of registration under the said section.

592

Ch. 59

Regulations for securing humane conditions in slaughterhouses, etc.

Slaughter of Animals (Amendment) & 3 2

Act, 1954

2*—(1) The Minister may make such regulations as appear to him to be expedient for securing humane conditions and practices in connection with the slaughter of animals at slaughterhouses and knackers’ yards; and such regulations may in particular—

(a) prescribe requirements as to the construction, lay-out and equipment of premises used as slaughterhouses or knackers' yards;

(b) prescribe conditions to be observed in connection with the confinement and treatment of animals while awaiting slaughter in such premises, and in connection with die slaughter of animals therein.

(2) Regulations made under this section may make different provision in relation to different kinds of animals and in relation to premises used for different purposes in connection with the slaughter of animals and may—

(a) so far as they are made for the purposes mentioned in paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection, be made to apply subject to exceptions or modifications in relation to premises constructed or adapted for use before the date on which the regulations come into force;

(b) in any case be made without applying, or applying subject to exceptions or modifications, in relation to slaughterhouses forming part of an imported animals wharf or approved landing place for the purposes of the Diseases of Animals Act, 1950, or applying (with or without exceptions or modifications) only in relation to any such slaughterhouse of that description as may be specified in the regulations.

(3) Regulations made under this section may make provision corresponding (with or without modifications) with any of the provisions in force immediately before the commencement of this Act under subsection (1) of section five of the Protection of Animals Act, 1911, section four of the Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933, and section one of the Slaughter of Animals (Amendment) Act, 1951; and, without prejudice to the foregoing provision, regulations so made in relation to horses shall in particular make provision with respect to the matters specified in the First Schedule to this Act.

(4) Regulations made under this section may prescribe penalties for offences against the regulations, not exceeding those specified in section five of this Act, and may impose on the occupiers of premises to which the regulations apply responsibility for compliance with any of the provisions of the regulations.

1954

Slaughter of Animals ()

Act, 1954

Ch. 59

593

(5) In the application of this section to Scotland, for the reference to the Minister there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State; and for the reference to subsection (1) of section five of the Protection of Animals Act, 1911, there shall be substituted a reference to subsection (2) of section five of the Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912.

(6) The enactments mentioned in subsection (3) and subsection

(5) of this section shall cease to have effect.

3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any licence Licensing of granted after the commencement of this Act under section three slaughtermen, of the Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933 (which provides for the licensing of slaughtermen by local authorities), shall specify—

(a) the kinds of animals which may be slaughtered or stunned by the holder of the licence; and

(b) the types of instrument which may be used by him for slaughtering or stunning any such animals;

and may, in such cases as may be prescribed by regulations under this section, be granted subject to a condition prohibiting the slaughter of any animal in pursuance of the licence except under the supervision of a person being the holder of a licence in force under the said section three which is not subject to a like condition.

(2) In relation to the slaughter of animals by the Jewish method for the food of Jews or by the Mohammedan method for the food of Mohammedans, so much of the last foregoing subsection as requires a licence under the said section three to specify the matters referred to in paragraph (a) and paragraph (b) of that subsection shall not apply.

(3) The period for which a licence may from time to time be granted after the commencement of this Act under the said section three shall not exceed one year, and any licence so granted and authorising the holder to slaughter or stun horses (whether or not it also authorises him to slaughter or stun other animals) shall, notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of that section, be in force only within the district of the local authority by whom it is granted.

(4) The Minister may make regulations for prescribing qualifications for holding licences, or licences of any class, under the said section three, and for prohibiting the grant of such licences to persons not having the prescribed qualifications.

(5) Without prejudice to the provisions of the said section three, a local authority may refuse an application for the grant of a licence under that section, or revoke or suspend the operation of such a licence, if the applicant or holder has failed to comply

594 Ch. 59 Slaughter of (Amendment) 2 & 3 .2

, 1954

with any condition of his licence granted by that or any othff local authority under the said section three, or has been convicted of an offence under—

(a) the Slaughter of Animals Acts, 1933 to 1954, or die Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Acts, 1928 to 1954;

(b) the Protection of Animals Act, 1911, or the Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912; or

(c) any regulations made under this Act, or any order made under section twenty of the Diseases of Animals Act, 1950, regulating the transport of animals.

(6) In the application of this section to Scotland, subsection

(3) shall be omitted; for references to section three of the Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933, there shall be substituted references to section two of the Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1928; and for the reference to the Minister there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State.

Extension of 4,—(1) Subsection (1) of section one of the Slaughter of Animab

8.1 of Act, 1933 (which provides that animals to which that section

Slaughter applies, when slaughtered in slaughterhouses and knackers’

Actl933 yawls, shall be instantaneously slaughtered or instantaneously

’ stunned and rendered insensible until death supervenes), shall

apply throughout England and Wales to all kinds of animals.

(2) Paragraph (a) of the proviso to the said subsection (1) (which modifies that subsection in its application to the slaughter of pigs in premises where electrical energy is not available) shall cease to have effect.

Penalties for 5.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any person

certain who slaughters or stuns, or attempts to slaughter or stun, any

offences. animal in contravention of section one or section three of the Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933, or section one of the Slaughter of Animals (Pigs) Act, 1953, or knowingly makes any false statement for the purpose of obtaining a licence under the said section three, shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both.

(2) A person shall not be guilty of an offence in respect of any such contravention as aforesaid if he proves that by reason of an accident or other emergency the contravention was necessary for preventing physical injury or suffering to any person or animal.

(3) Where a person convicted of an offence in respect of any such contravention as aforesaid or of an offence against regulations made under section two of this Act (including a person so convicted by virtue of section thirty-five of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952) is the holder of a licence granted under section

1954 Slaughter of Animals (Amendment) Ch. 59 595

Act; 1954

fifty-seven of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938, in respect of the premises where the offence was committed, the court may, in addition to any other penalty, cancel the licence.

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland—

(a) for the references to section one and section three of the Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933, there shall be substituted respectively references to section one and section two of the Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Act,

1928; for the words from "a fine" to the end of subsection (1) there shall be substituted the words " a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, or to both"; and

(b) for subsection (3) there shall be substituted the following

subsection—

"(3) Where a person convicted of an offence in respect of any such contravention as aforesaid or of an offence against regulations made under section two of this Act is registered in respect of premises under section nine of the Slaughterhouses Act, 1954, or is the holder of a licence granted under section thirty-three of the Public Health (Scotland) Act,

1897, the court may, where such registration or licence relates to premises where the offence was committed, in addition to any other penalty, cancel the registration or the licence, as the case may be ".

(5) Section five of the Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933, section two of the Slaughter of Animals (Pigs) Act, 1953, and subsection

(3) of section one of the Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Act,

1928 (which prescribe penalties for offences under those Acts respectively), shall cease to have effect.

6,—(1) Section seven of the Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933 Powers of (which enables medical officers of health and sanitary inspectors to enter slaughterhouses and knackers' yards in order to ascertain whether there is any contravention of the provisions of that Act), shall have effect as if the reference therein to the provisions of. that Act included a reference to the provisions of any regulations made under section two of this Act.

(2) The powers of medical officers of health and sanitary inspectors under the said section seven may be exercised also by officers of the Minister and by veterinary surgeons appointed by local authorities, and any reference in that section to a medical officer of health or sanitary inspector shall be construed accordingly.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland, for references to the Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933, to section seven of that Act, and to medical officers of health and sanitary inspectors there shall

596 Ch. 59 Slaughter of Animals (Amendment) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

, 1954

be substituted respectively references to the Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1928, to section four of that Act, and to constables and persons authorised by local authorities; and for the reference to the Minister there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State.

Regulations 7.—(1) Any power to make regulations under this Act shall

be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(2) Any statutory instrument containing regulations made under this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

Expenses. 8, There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the administrative expenses of the Minister or the Secretary of State, or in the sums payable out of moneys so provided under Part I of the Local Government Act, 1948, or the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954.

Interpretation 9.—(1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say:—

construction.

" grant ", in relation to a licence, includes renew or renewal, as the context requires;

" horse " includes ass and mule;

" the Minister " means the Minister of Food.

(2) This Act, except as it applies to Scotland, and except so far as it amends the Food and Drugs Act, 1938, shall be construed as one with the Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933.

(3) This Act, as it applies to Scotland and except so far as it amends the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, and the Slaughterhouses Act, 1954, shall be construed as one with the Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Acts, 1928 to 1953.

Application to 10.—(1) In relation to the administrative county of London the

London and foregoing provisions of this Act shall have effect as if for references

Cattle Market. to Food and Drugs Act, 1938, and to section fifty-seven of ' that Act there were substituted references to the Public Health (London) Act, 1936, and to sections one hundred and forty-fonr and one hundred and forty-five of that Act.

(2) It is hereby declared that subsection (1) of section eight of the Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933 (which relates to the authorities responsible for enforcing that Act), enacts not only that the common council of the city of London is the local authority for the purpose of enforcing the provisions of that Act in relation to the Metropolitan Cattle Market, but also that for the purposes of section three of that Act that Market is to be taken as being within the area of the said common council and

1954

Slaughter of Animals (Amendment) Act, 1954 Ch. 59 597

not within that of the Metropolitan Borough of Islington; and so much of this Act as amends the said section three shall be construed accordingly.

11.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the enactments Consequential described in Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have amendments effect subject to the amendments set out in the second column of and repeals‘ that Part (being minor amendments and amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of this Act), and the enactments described in Part II of that Schedule are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Part.

(2) So much of the foregoing subsection as amends section three of the Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933, shall not apply in relation to a licence in force under that section at the commencement of this Act unless and until the licence is renewed under that section:

Provided that every such licence shall, if still in force at the expiration of the period of one year beginning with the commencement of this Act, cease to have effect at the expiration of that period.

12.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Slaughter of Animals Short title,

(Amendment) Act, 1954. citation,

extent and

(2) This Act, except as it applies to Scotland, and the Slaughter commence-of Animals Act, 1933, and the Slaughter of Animals (Pigs) Act, ment 1953, may be cited together, and are referred to in this Act, as

the Slaughter of Animals Acts, 1933 to 1954.

(3) This Act, as it applies to Scotland, and the Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Acts, 1928 to 1953, may be cited together, and are referred to in this Act, as the Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Acts, 1928 to 1954.

(4) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(5) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

598 Ch. 59 Slaughter of Animals ( ) 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

1954

SCHEDULES

Section 2. FIRST SCHEDULE

Particular matters to be dealt with by regulations under s. 2

RELATING TO HORSES

1. Construction, equipment and lay-out of lairages, including provision of racks for fodder and supply of water.

2. Feeding and watering of horses pending slaughter.

3. Construction, equipment and lay-out of premises, rooms or compartments in which slaughter takes place, and conditions to be observed therein at the time of slaughter.

4. Disposal of blood, offal and refuse.

5. Notices to be given and returns to be made to local authorities by persons carrying on business as slaughterers of horses, and records to be kept by such persons.

Section 11.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Amendments and Repeals Part I

Minor and consequential amendments

The Public Health In section three, in the definitions of "knacker" (Scotland) Act, 1897, and " slaughterer of cattle or horses ", for

60 & 61 Vict. c. 38. the words " as butcher's meat ", in both places where those words occur, there shall be substituted the words "for sale for human consumption

The Food and Drugs In section fifty-seven—

Act, 1938, 1 & 2 (or) in subsection (4) for the words "as Geo. 6. c. 56. to similar licence " there shall be

substituted the words "as to any licence in respect of a slaughterhouse or knacker’s yard (b) in subsection (5) after the words " grant or renew a licence under this section ’’ there shall be inserted the words " or to grant a licence expressly authorising the use of the premises in question for or in connection with the slaughter of horses, or to renew a licence with such an authorisation as aforesaid";

1954

Slaughter of Animals ( )

Act, 1954

Ch. 59

599

The Food and Drugs Act, 1938—cont.

The Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933, 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 39.

(c) in subsection (6) for the words from 2nd Sch. "A person aggrieved" to "under —cont.

this section " there shall be substituted the words " A person aggrieved by any such refusal of a local authority as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection".

In section ninety the following words shall be added at the end of subsection (1):—

"The reference in this subsection to refusing a licence includes, in the case of a licence under section fifty-seven of this Act, a reference to refusing to grant or renew a licence with such an authorisation as is mentioned in subsection (5) of that section."

In section three, in subsection (1), for the words " who is not the holder of a licence granted by a local authority " there shall be substituted the words " except in accordance with a licence granted by the local authority

In subsection (3) of that section, for the words "three years" there shall be substituted the words " one year

At the end of subsection (4) of that section, there shall be added the following proviso:

"Provided that a licence authorising the holder to slaughter or stun horses (whether or not it also authorises him to slaughter or stun other animals) shall be in force only within the district of the local authority granting the licence";

In subsection (5) of that section, after the words " operation of a licence " there shall be inserted the words " in force ";

In section nine—

(a) in the definition of "knacker’s yard " for the words " not killed for butcher’s meat *’ there shall be substituted the words "the flesh of which is not intended for sale for human consumption ", and

(b) in the definition of "slaughter-house " for the words " for butcher’s meat" there shall be substituted the words " the flesh of which is intended for sale for human consumption ".

600

Ch. 59

2nd Sch. —com.

Slaughter of Animals (Amendment) 2 & 3 Exjz.2

Act, 1954

The Slaughter of In section one, in subsection (2), for the Animals (Scotland) words from " by a person " to the end of Act, 1928, 18 & 19 the subsection there shall be substituted Geo. 5. c. 29. the words " by means of a mechanically

operated instrument in proper repair and by a person authorised in that behalf by a licence issued by the local authority under section two of this Act ";

At the end of section two there shall be added the following subsection:—

" (7) In any application for a licence under this section the person making the application shall state—

(a) whether he holds a licence granted under this Act in any area or areas other than that to which his application relates and the names of any such areas,

(b) whether he has been refused a licence or has had a licence suspended or revoked in any other area and, if so, the name of that area, and

(c) whether he has any similar application pending in any other area and, if so, the name of that area."

The Public Health In section three hundred and four, in sub-(London) Act, 1936, section (1), in the definitions of " knacker "

26 Geo. 5. and 1 and "slaughterer", for the words "as

Edw. 8. c. 50. butchers meat ", in both places where those

words occur, there shall be substituted the words " for sale for human consumption "

1954

Slaughter of Animals (Amendment)

Act, 1954

Ch. 59

601

Part II

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 27. The Protection of Animals Act, 1911. In section five, subsection (1). Section six. The First Schedule.

2 & 3 Geo. . c. 14. The Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912. In section five, subsections (1) and (2). Section six. The First Schedule.

18 A 19 Geo. 5. c. 29. The Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1928. In section five, subsections (1) and (2); in subsection (3) the words " Save as provided in the foregoing subsections Subsection (3) of section one.

23 A 24 Geo. 5. c. 39. The Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933. In section one, paragraph (a) of the proviso to subsection (1), and subsection (2). Sections two, four and five. The Second Schedule.

1 A 2 Geo. 6. e. 36. The Food and Drugs Act, 1938. In section fifty-eight, in subsection (1) the words " and for preventing cruelty therein*. In section sixty, in paragraph (a) of subsection (2), the words " and for preventing cruelty therein *.

14 A13 Geo. 6. c. 49. The Slaughter of Animals (Amendment) Act, 1951. The whole Act.

1 A 2 Biz. 2 C. 27. The Slaughter of Animals (Pigs) Act, 1953. Section two.

COO

2nd Sch.

—0071/.

602

Ch. 59,60 Slaughter of Animals ( 2 & 3 Euz.2

i4c/, 1954

Tchfe of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897 Protection of Animals Act, 1911 Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912... Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1928... Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933 Public Health (London) Act, 1936 Food and Drugs Act, 1938 Local Government Act, 1948 Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act, 1949 Diseases of Animals Act, 1950 Slaughter of Animals (Amendment) Act, 1951 Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952 60 & 61 Vict c. 38. 1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 27. 2 & 3 Geo. 3. c. 14. 18 & 19 Geo. 3. c. 29. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 39. 26 Geo. 5. * 1 Edw. 8. c. SO. I &2 Geo. 6. c. 36. II & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26. 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 94. 14 Geo. 6. c. 36. 14 & 13 Geo. 6. c. 49. 13 & 16 Geo. 6. ft 1 Eliz. 2 c.55. 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 27.

Slaughter of Animals (Pigs) Act, 1953 Local Government (Financial Provisions)

(Scotland) Act, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 13.

Slaughterhouses Act, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 42.

CHAPTER 60

Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) , 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Part I Reorganisation

Section

1. Transfer of the functions of the Minister of Fuel and Power to the

Secretary of State.

2. Establishment and functions of the South of Scotland Electricity

Board.

3. Termination of the functions of the Central Authority in the North of

Scotland District and dissolution of the Scottish Area Boards.

Part II

Transfers of Undertakings

4. Transfers of assets and liabilities of Scottish Area Boards.

3. Transfer of Central Authority’s undertaking in Scotland.

6. Further provisions as to transfers.

7. Financial adjustment between the South of Scotland Board and the

Central Authority.

8. Supplementary provisions.

1954

Electricity Reorganisation

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 60

603

Part III Financial Provisions

Section

9. Payments by the South of Scotland Board under Part V of the Local Government Act, 1948.

10. Amendments to s. 47 of the Act of 1947.

Part IV

Miscellaneous and General

11. Disputes between Electricity Boards.

12. Compensation to officers and members of Boards in connection with

transfers.

13. Expenses.

14. Interpretation.

15. Adaptation of enactments and repeals.

16. Savings.

17. Short title and citation.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Adaptation of enactments.

Second Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to transfer the functions of the Minister of Fuel and Power in Scotland in relation to electricity to the Secretary of State; to establish the South of Scotland Electricity Board; to transfer the functions of the British Electricity Authority in the south of Scotland and of the Scottish Area Boards to that Board; to amend the Hydro-Electric Development (Scotland) Act, 1943; and for purposes connected therewith.

[25th November, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I Reorganisation

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, on the vesting Transfer of the date there shall be transferred to the Secretary of State the J?04?]?11? ,of functions of the Minister so far as they relate to the generation of Fheiuid and supply of electricity in Scotland and matters connected Power therewith, and the giving of consents in relation to such functions to the Secretary under the Electricity (Supply) Acts, 1882 to 1926, or under the of State-Act of 1947 (including any enactment incorporated therewith) or under regulations made under any of those enactments.

le

604

Ch. 60

Electricity Reorganisation

(Scotland) Act, 1954

2 & 3 Buz. 2

Part I (2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, on the vesting date —com. there shall be transferred to the Secretary of State the functions of the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly under the Act of 1943, and, so far as they relate exclusively to Scotland, the functions of the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly under the Act of 1947.

(3) On the vesting date the functions of the Minister in relation to the making of regulations under section four of the Electric Lighting Act, 1888, and under section sixty of the Act of 1947 (which empower the Minister to make regulations relating to safety and the efficiency of supply of electricity) shall be transferred to the Secretary of State and the Minister acting jointly.

(4) Nothing in the provisions of this section shall affect the functions of the Minister under the Schedule to the Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899, as incorporated with the Act of 1947, so far as that Schedule relates to the certification of meters and the measurement of electricity, or under the Electricity Supply (Meters) Act, 1936.

Establishment 2.—(1) There shall be established a public authority for the

district (hereinafter referred to as the South of Scotland District) comprising the areas of the South East Scotland Electricity Board and the South West Scotland Electricity Board immediately before the coming into operation of this Act to be known as the South of Scotland Electricity Board (in this Act referred to as the South of Scotland Board), and consisting of persons appointed in accordance with the First Schedule to the Act of 1943.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the South of Scotland Board, as from the vesting date, shall have in relation to the South of Scotland District the like functions as the North of Scotland Board have in relation to the North of Scotland District, and in so far as those functions immediately before that date are functions of the Central Authority in relation to the District first-mentioned, or of the South East Scotland or South West Scotland Electricity Board, they shall be transferred to the South of Scotland Board.

Termination of 3.—(1) The Central Authority’s functions under the provisions the fusions of subsections (3) and (4) of section five of the Act of 1943 (which Authority1™ re^ate *° approval of constructional schemes prepared by the in the North of North of Scotland Board) shall cease.

Scotland

District and (2) On the vesting date the South East Scotland Electricity dissolution Board and the South West Scotland Electricity Board and the of the Scottish Consultative Councils established for the respective areas of ds* those Boards shall cease to exist.

Scotland

Electricity

Board.

1954 Electricity Reorganisation Ch. 60 605

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(3) The South of Scotland Board so far as necessary for their Part I completion and submission shall be responsible— —cont.

(a) for the reports of the South East Scotland Electricity Board and the South West Scotland Electricity Board in relation to the year 1954-55; and (b) for the accounts and audit of the aforesaid Boards for the said year;

and in respect of the said reports and the said accounts and audit the provisions of sections eight and forty-six of the Act of 1947 shall respectively apply to the South of Scotland Board in like manner as those sections applied to the South East Scotland and South West Scotland Electricity Boards before the vesting date.

Part n Transfers of Undertakings

4.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, all Transfers of property, rights, liabilities and obligations which immediately f

before the vesting date were property, rights, liabilities and Scottish Area obligations of the South East Scotland and South West Scotland Boards. Electricity Boards, shall, on that date by virtue of this Act and without further assurance, be transferred to the South of Scotland Board.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, every agreement to which either of the said Area Boards were a party immediately before the vesting date, whether in writing or not and whether or not of such a nature that rights, liabilities and obligations thereunder could be assigned by the Area Board, shall, unless its terms or subject matter make it impossible that it should have effect as modified in the manner provided by this subsection, have effect as from the vesting date as if—

(a) the South of Scotland Board had been a party to the agreement;

(b) for any reference (however worded and whether express or implied) to either of the said Area Boards there were substituted, as respects anything falling to be done on or after the vesting date, a reference to the South of Scotland Board;

(c) for any reference (however worded and whether express or implied) to any member or officer of either of the said Area Boards there were substituted, as respects anything falling to be done on or after the vesting date, a reference to such person as the South of Scotland Board may appoint, or, in default of appointment, to

606

Ch. 60

Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Part II

—cont.

the member or officer of the Board who corresponds as nearly as may be to the first-mentioned member or officer; and

() in the case of an agreement for the rendering of personal services to either of the said Area Boards, the services to which the agreement relates were, on and after the vesting date, any services under the South of Scotland Board, to be selected by that Board, which are reasonably equivalent services.

(3) Other documents, not being enactments, which refer, whether specifically or generally, to either of the said Area Boards shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, so far as applicable.

(4) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this section, where, by the operation of any of the said provisions, any right, liability or obligation vests in the South of Scotland Board, the Board and all other persons shall, as from the vesting date, have the same rights, powers and remedies (and in particular the same rights as to the taking or resisting of legal proceedings or the making or resisting of applications to any authority) for ascertaining, perfecting or enforcing that right, liability or obligation as they would have had if it bad at aO times been a right, liability or obligation of the Board, and any legal proceedings or applications to any authority pending on the vesting date by or against either of the said Area Boards, is so far as they relate to any property, right, liability or obligation vested in the South of Scotland Board by virtue of this Act, or to any agreement or document which has effect in accordance with subsection (2) or subsection (3) of this section, or to any enactment applied to the Board by or under this Act, shall be continued by or against the Board to the exclusion of the Area Board.

(5) The Secretary of State may make regulations for the registration of the title of the South of Scotland Board to assets vesting in them by virtue of this Act, being assets of a kind subject to provisions for the registration of title thereto, for the completion of the title of the Board to heritable property vesting as aforesaid, and for any other matters for which provision appears to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient for securing the effective transfer of any assets vesting in the Board by virtue of this Act.

(6) Notwithstanding anything in this section no right, liability or obligation under any agreement for the rendering by any person of services to either of the said Area Boards as a member of that Board shall be transferred to the South of Scotland Board, except any liability in respect of fees earned or expenses incurred before the vesting date.

1954 Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act, 1954 Ch. 60 607

5.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, there Part II shall on the vesting date be transferred by virtue of this Act and —cont. without further assurance to the South of Scotland Board all land Transfer of in Scotland, and rights in, on or over such land, and all installa-tions, plant, stores and equipment in Scotland which immediately 2a

before the vesting date were the property of the Central Authority, Scotland, and not held by them exclusively or mainly in connection with their functions in England or Wales, together with any rights, liabilities and obligations relating thereto, and any other property, rights, liabilities and obligations held or enjoyed by or incumbent on the Central Authority exclusively or mainly in connection with their functions in Scotland.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, the provisions of subsections (2) to (6) of the last foregoing section shall apply in relation to the Central Authority as to an Area Board, but only as respects property, rights, liabilities and obligations transferred by virtue of the last foregoing subsection.

(3) The Ministers may make regulations—

(a) for excluding from or including in the property, rights, liabilities and obligations which vest in the South of Scotland Board by virtue of this Act property, rights, liabilities and obligations held, used, acquired or incurred by the Central Authority partly in relation to their functions in Scotland and partly in relation to their other functions;

(b) for substituting for any agreement entered into by the

Central Authority partly in respect of their functions in Scotland and partly in respect of their other functions separate agreements in the requisite terms, and for any apportionments and indemnities consequent thereon.

(4) The power conferred by this and the last foregoing sections on the Ministers to make regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any regulations so made by the Ministers shall be laid before Parliament.

6.—(1) Without prejudice to the generality of the two last Further foregoing sections there shall by virtue of these sections be provisions as transferred to the South of Scotland Board— to fcn.

(a) the obligation under section twenty-two of the Act of

1947 to pay compensation to local authorities in so far as the obligation relates to local authorities in the South of Scotland District;

(b) all mortgages and other loans vesting in the Central Authority by virtue of section fourteen of the Act of 1947 in so far as such mortgages and loans relate to the South of Scotland District;

(c) all balances and overdrafts of the Central Authority in

or on banks in Scotland; and

608

Part II

—cont.

Financial adjustment between the South of Scotland Board and the Central Authority.

Ch. 60 Electricity Reorganisation 2 & 3 Buz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

() the interest of the Central Authority in the Galloway Housing Company Limited.

(2) Subject to paragraph (c) of the last foregoing subsection, there shall not, by reason of the vesting of any property, right*, liabilities or obligations of the Central Authority in the South of Scotland Board, be transferred to that Board any liability or obligation of the Authority in respect of money borrowed or stock issued by the Authority.

(3) Notwithstanding the provisions of the two last foregoing sections, rights and liabilities of the South East Scotland and South West Scotland Electricity Boards against or to one another or against or to the Central Authority shall not be transferred, but shall be extinguished on the vesting date.

7.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, there shall be payable to the Central Authority by the South of Scotland Board an amount equal to the final balances due to that Authority from die South East Scotland and the South West Scotland Electricity Boards.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, there shall also be payable to the Central Authority by the South of Scotland Board the sum by which the value of the property and right* transferred from the Authority under this Part of this Act exceeds the liabilities and obligations so transferred.

(3) To the extent that any capital liability of the Central Authority on British Electricity Stock is attributable to the South of Scotland District, any sum due to that Authority under the two foregoing subsections shall be treated as a loan from the Authority to the South of Scotland Board, and the amount and the terms of any such loan shall be such as may be agreed between the Authority and the Board and approved by the Ministers and the Treasury.

(4) The terms of any such loan as aforesaid shall as respects duration and rate of interest have regard to that content of existing issues of British Electricity Stock which is attributable to the South of Scotland District.

(5) Where any such loan as aforesaid has been arranged under the provisions of this section, the South of Scotland Board shall pay such share as the Ministers shall approve of the expenses of the issue of British Electricity Stock existing at the vesting date, and of the expenses of the management of such stock until the expiry of the loan.

(6) Any balance due under subsections (1) and (2) of this section after deduction of any sum which is to be treated as a loan as aforesaid shall be discharged in cash together with interest on the amount thereof for the time being outstanding at such annual rate as may be agreed between the Central Authority and the South of Scotland Board.

1954

Electricity Reorganisation

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 60

609

(7) For the purposes of this section— Part II

(a) the amount equal to the final balances due to the Central Authority from the South East Scotland and the South West Scotland Electricity Boards shall be taken to be the sum of the amounts shown as the liabilities of those Boards to the Central Authority in the balance sheets of the Boards for the financial year ending immediately before the vesting date, reduced by those liabilities and obligations of the Boards that are treated in the balance sheet of the Central Authority for the said year as liabilities of that Authority; and

(b) the value of any property, rights, liabilities or obligations shall be arrived at by taking or apportioning ,in a manner approved by the Ministers, the items under all relevant headings in the balance sheet of the Central Authority for the said year.

(8) Any sum due to the Central Authority, and treated as a loan from that Authority to the South of Scotland Board, shall be deemed to be a loan raised under section twelve of the Act of 1943, and the provisions of that Act relating to borrowing by the South of Scotland Board shall apply accordingly.

8.—(1) For the purposes of section fifty-two of the Finance Supplementary Act, 1946 (which exempts from stamp duty certain documents provisions, connected with nationalisation schemes), any transfers of property from one Electricity Board to another effected by virtue of the provisions of sections four and five of this Act or of any regulations made thereunder shall be deemed to be part of the initial putting into force of such a scheme.

(2) Any question or dispute between Electricity Boards arising out of or in connection with the transfer by virtue of sections four and five of this Act of any property, rights, liabilities or obligations, or from the operation of regulations made under those sections, or from the operation of section seven of this Act, shall, failing agreement between the parties, be decided by the Ministers.

Part III Financial Provisions

9. Subject to the provisions of this Act the payments which Payments by

under Part V of the Local Government Act, 1948, are to be made Jf* ?°uifLof . year by year by the Central Authority for the benefit of local^Part Y authorities in Scotland with areas outside the North of Scotland of the Local District shall, from the vesting date, be made by the South of Government Scotland Board. Act, 1948.

10. —(1) Subsection (1) of section forty-seven of the Act of 1947 Amendments (which relates to the issue of stock by the North of Scotland s. 47 the Board to the Central Authority in respect of compensation to Act ot *47,

u

610 Ch. 60 Electricity Reorganisation 2 A 3 Buz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

Part III holders of securities) shall have effect as if to that snfmontion —cont. there were added the following proviso—

* Provided that if any such body immediately before the vesting date held securities or the whole of the bencficid interest in securities of another body to whom Part n of this Act applies, being a body whose property, rights, liabilities and obligations do not vest in the North of Scotland Board—

(a) there shall be determined by agreement between the North of Scotland Board and the Central Authority or, in default of such agreement, by the Secretary of State and the Minister jointly the amount of compensation that would have been payable ia respect of those securities of that other body if they, or the beneficial interest therein, had not been held by a body to whom Part II of this Act applies; and (b) the amount of stock issuable by the North of Scotland Board to the Central Authority under this subsection shall be reduced by an amount to be agreed between the North of Scotland Board and the Central Authority or, in default of such agreement, by such amount as may be determined by the Treasury."

(2) On and after the vesting date, where the Central Authority are under section twenty-two of the Act of 1947 paying compensation to any local authority within the area of the North of Scotland District, it shall be the duty of the North of Scotland Board to make such payments to that local authority as are required by the said section; and accordingly subsection (3) of section forty-seven of the Act of 1947 shall cease to have effect.

(3) In relation to the South of Scotland Board, in the proviso to subsection (7) of section forty-seven of the Act of 1947 (which, as amended by the Hydro-Electric Development (Scotland) Act, 1952, provides that loans raised by the North of Scotland Board shall not at any time exceed the sum of two hundred miUkn pounds) for the words "two hundred million pounds" there shall be substituted the words " seventy-five million pounds

Provided that any sum due to the Central Authority and treated as a loan from that Authority to the South of Scotland Board by virtue of the provisions of section seven of this Act, or any money borrowed by the Board for the purpose of discharging in cash any balance due under subsections (1) and (2) of that section shall, for the purposes of the said subsection (7), be excluded from the aggregate of any loans raised by the Board.

(4) Any increase attributable to the foregoing subsection in the sums which may be required by the Treasury for fulfilling any guarantees given under section fourteen of the Act of 1943 shall be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof.

1954

Electricity Reorganisation

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 60

611

Part IV

Miscellaneous and General

11. —(1) Any question or dispute arising between the Scottish Disputes Electricity Boards (other than a question or dispute falling to be |>etwe« determined in accordance with the provisions of subsection (2)

of section eight of this Act or of subjection (5) of section sixteen of the Act of 1943), failing agreement between the Boards concerned, shall be determined by the Secretary of State or by an arbiter appointed by the Secretary of State.

(2) Any arbiter so appointed shall have the like powers for securing the attendance of witnesses and the production of documents, and with regard to the examination of witnesses on oath and the awarding of expenses, as if the arbitration were under a submission.

(3) The arbiter may, and if so directed by the Court of Session shall, state a case for the opinion of that Court on any question of law arising in the proceedings.

(4) Any award of the Secretary of State or, as the case may be, of an arbiter under the foregoing provisions of this section may be recorded in the Books of Council and Session for execution, and may be enforced accordingly.

12. —(1) The Ministers shall by regulations require the South Compensation of Scotland Board to pay, in such cases and to such extent asto °®°ers may be specified in the regulations, compensation to officers of

any Electricity Board whose functions have been transferred in connection whole or in part by virtue of this Act to the South of Scotland with transfers. Board, being officers who suffer loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments or pension rights or whose position is worsened in consequence of any such transfer; and the provisions of subsections (3) to (6) and subsection (8) of section fifty-five of the Act of 1947 (which relates to the payment of compensation to officers of electricity undertakings transferred under that Act) shall apply to any regulations made in pursuance of this section as if these regulations had been made under subsection (1) of the said section fifty-five.

(2) The Ministers shall, with the approval of the Treasury, require the South of Scotland Board to make to any person holding office as a member of the South East Scotland or South West Scotland Electricity Board immediately before the said Boards ceased to exist, being a person who suffers loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments or pension rights or whose position is worsened in consequence of the dissolution of the said Electricity Boards, payment of such compensation for loss of office as the Ministers may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

612

Part IV —cont.

Expenses.

interpretation.

Adaptation of enactments and repeals.

Savings.

Ch. 60 Electricity Reorganisation 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(3) The power to make regulations under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and no regulations shall be made by the Ministers under this section unless a draft of the regulations has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

13. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament any expenses incurred by any Minister of the Crown or Government Department in consequence of the provisions of this Act.

14. —<1) In this Act unless the context otherwise requires the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them—

" the Act of 1947 " means the Electricity Act, 1947;

"the Ministers’* means the Secretary of State and the Minister of Fuel and Power;

"the Scottish Electricity Boards" means the North of Scotland Board and the South of Scotland Board; and " the vesting date " means the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-five.

(2) References in this Act to any enactment shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment including this Act.

15. —(1) As from the vesting date any enactment to which any provision of the First Schedule to this Act applies shall have effect subject to the adaptations and modifications specified io that Schedule, being adaptations and modifications required for the purpose of applying the said enactments to the South of Scotland Board or otherwise required in consequence of the provisions of this Act or relating to matters of minor detail:

Provided that the said First Schedule, so far as it relates to the First Schedule to the Act of 1943, and to section twelve of that Act, so far as the provisions of that section are necessary for enabling the South of Scotland Board to borrow for the payment of administrative and preliminary expenses, shall come into operation on the passing of this Act.

(2) As from the vesting date the enactments specified in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

16. -K1) Nothing done by or in relation to the Minister, or the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly, before the vesting date, shall be invalidated by the passing of this Act

(2) Anything in process of being done by or in relation to the Minister, or the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly,

1954

Electricity Reorganisation

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 60

613

in connection with any functions transferred under Part I of this Part IV Act at the vesting date (and, in particular, legal proceedings —com. then pending to which the Minister is a party) may be continued by or in relation to the Secretary of State.

(3) Authorities and appointments given or made by the Minister in connection with any functions as aforesaid, other than an appointment to an Electricity Board or Consultative Council dissolved by subsection (2) of section three of this Act, shall on the vesting date, continue in force as if made or given by the Secretary of State:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall prevent any authority or appointment being terminated as from the coming into operation of this Act.

(4) The Scottish Electricity Boards shall be deemed to be parties to any agreement entered into by the Central Authority, before the vesting date and subsisting at that date, with any organisation in pursuance of the Authority’s duty under the provisions of section fifty-three of the Act of 1947.

(5) Any Act of Parliament or instrument shall, so far as may be necessary for or in consequence of the transfers effected by this Act, have effect as if references to, or references which are to be construed as references to, the Minister, his Department or any of his officers, were references to the Secretary of State or to the Department of, or to the corresponding officers of, the Secretary of State.

(6) The last foregoing subsection applies to all Acts of Parliament and instruments whether passed, executed, made or given before or after the passing or coming into operation of this Act, except that—

(a) it does not apply to Acts of Parliament passed after the

coming into operation of this Act; and

(b) in relation to Acts of Parliament or instruments passed,

executed, made or given after the passing of this Act, it has effect subject to any contrary intention which appears from the Act or instrument.

17. This Act may be cited as the Electricity Reorganisation Short title and (Scotland) Act, 1954, and shall be construed as one with the Act citation, of 1947, and the Act of 1943, the Act of 1947, as it applies to Scotland, the Hydro-Electric Development (Scotland) Act, 1952, and this Act may be cited together as the Electricity (Scotland)

Acts, 1943 to 1954.

Electricity Reorganisation 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Adaptation of Enactments Part I

The Hydro-Electric Development (Scotland) Act, 1943

General Adaptation Subject to any specific adaptations or modifications made by this Schedule,—

(a) any reference to the North of Scotland Board (except in subsection (1) of section one, subsection (1) of section two so far as relating to paragraph () of that subsection, subsections (2) to (4) of section eleven, subsection (3) of section twelve, section sixteen, and the Fourth Schedule) shall include a reference to the South of Scotland Board;

(b) any reference to the North of Scotland District (except in the

Second Schedule) shall include a reference to the South of Scotland District;

(c) for any reference to the Central Authority there shall be

substituted a reference to the South of Scotland Board;

(d) for any reference to the Minister, or to the Secretary of State and to the Minister, or to the Ministers acting jointly, there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State.

Specific Adaptations or Modifications

Section

2. In subsection (1) the words " by water power or otherwise "

shall be omitted; in relation to the South of Scotland Board there shall be substituted for the words from " within * to " District) " the words " within the South of Scotland District ", and for paragraphs (a) and (c) the words " to plan and carry out an efficient and economical distribution of supplies of electricity to persons in that District ".

In relation to the South of Scotland Board, subsections (2) and (3) shall be omitted; and at the end of the section there shall be added the following subsection—

"(4) The Scottish Electricity Boards may provide bulk supplies of electricity for the Central Authority".

3. In paragraph (a) after the words "water power" there

shall be inserted the words " and peat ", and in relation to the South of Scotland Board in paragraph (c) the words " or section six " shall be omitted.

*54 Electricity Reorganisation Ch. 60 615

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Section

5. In subsection (1) for paragraphs (a) and (b) there shall be substituted die words " the execution of works necessary for the generation of electricity by water power other than works required for the replacement or renewal of works already authorised ", and the words " for any or all of these purposes " shall be omitted and in the proviso for the words " an existing generating station " there shall be substituted the words " existing works In subsection (3) the words from "Central Authority'* where these words first occur to the words " it to the " and the words "and has been so approved" shall be omitted.

In subsection (4) the words "with the approval of the Central Authority " shall be omitted.

7. The word " approved " shall be omitted.

9. In subsection (3) the words " and the Central Authority "

shall be omitted. In subsection (5), at the end there shall be inserted the words " in connection with a constructional scheme ".

In subsection (6) for the word "Board " there shall be substituted the words " Scottish Electricity Boards ", and after the word "amounts " there shall be inserted the words " and in such proportions ".

10. For subsection (1) there shall be substituted the following

subsection—

"(1) It shall be the duty of the Scottish Electricity Boards so to exercise and perform their functions under this Act as to secure that the revenues of each Board are not less than sufficient to meet their outgoings properly chargeable to revenue account taking one year with another.";

and at the end of subsection (2) there shall be inserted the following section—

44 Fixing and 10A.—(1) Subject to the provisions of the

wmtion of Electricity Act, 1947, with respect to railways,

8’ the prices to be charged by the Scottish

Electricity Boards for the supply of electricity shall be in accordance with such tariffs as may be fixed by each Board from time to time.

(2) The tariffs fixed under the last foregoing subsection shall be so framed as to show the methods by which and the principles on which the charges are to be made as well as the prices which are to be charged, and shall be published in such manner as in the opinion of each Board will secure adequate publicity for them:

Provided that—

(a) the tariffs in force immediately before the vesting date shall remain in force, until varied or replaced by tariffs fixed in accordance with this section, and

1 sr Sea. —cant.

Electricity Reorganisation 2 & 3 ELiz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(b) nothing in this subsection shall affect any agreement ip force immediately before the vesting date.

(3) A tariff fixed by a Board in respect of a supply of electricity by virtue of the provisions of this Act, may include a rent or otha charge in respect of electrical fittings provided by the Board on the premises of the consumer.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section, a Board may enter into an agreement with any consumer for the supply of electricity to him on such terms as may be specified in the agreement:

Provided that a Board, in exercising their powers under this subsection, shall secure that such agreements are only made in cases where the tariffs in force are not appropriate owing to special circumstances.

(5) A Board, in fixing tariffs and making agreements under this section, shall not show undue preference to any person or class of persons and shall not exercise any undue discrimination against any person or class of persons."

11. In subsection (2) after the words " expenses of the Board " there shall be inserted the words " which are properly chargeable to revenue ".

In subsection (3) the words from " but a reserve fund " to " at that time " and the words from " and, if the fund" to the end of the subsection shall be omitted.

At the end of the subsection there shall be added the following section:—

" Itoeive FUnd 11A.—(1) The South of Scotland Board

SoSand Board. establish and maintain a general reserve

fund.

(2) The South of Scotland Board shall contribute to the general reserve fund such sums at such times as the Board may determine, and the management of the said fund and the application of the moneys comprised therein shall be as the Board may determine:

Provided that—

(a) no part of the said fund shall be applied

otherwise than for the purposes of the Board; and

(b) the Secretary of State shall have power

to give directions to the Board with the approval of the Treasury as to any matter relating to the establishment or management of the said fund, the

616

1st Sch. Section —com. 10,—com.

Electricity Reorganisation Ch. 60

(Scotland) Act, 1954

carrying of sums to the credit thereof, or the application thereof notwithstanding that the directions may be of a specific character.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall be without prejudice to the power of the South of Scotland Board to establish appropriate reserves for replacements or other purposes.

(4) It is hereby declared that one of the purposes of the general reserve fund is the prevention of frequent fluctuations in the charges made by the South of Scotland Board, and the powers of the Board in relation to the said nind shall be exercised accordingly.'*

12. In subsection (1) in relation to the South of Scotland Board, after the words " consent of the Secretary of State " there shall be inserted the words " and with the approval of the Treasury ".

14. For subsection (5) there shall be substituted the following

subsections:—

"(5) Immediately after a guarantee is given under this section, the Treasury shall lay a statement of the guarantee before each House of Parliament

(6) Where any sum is issued out of the Consolidated Fund under this section, the Treasury shall forthwith lay before each House of Parliament a statement that that sum has been issued."

15. In subsection (3) the words " and to the Minister of Fuel

and Power " shall be omitted.

16. In this section there shall be substituted for the words " the

Board " wherever these words occur except the last two occurrences in subsection (4) the words " the North of Scotland Board ".

In sub-paragraph (i) of paragraph (b) and in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) the words "in Scotland" shall be omitted.

There shall be substituted for subsection (3) the following subsections:—

" (3) The North of Scotland Board may purchase electricity from the South of Scotland Board on such terms and conditions as may be agreed by the Boards.

(3A) The Scottish Electricity Boards may purchase electricity from any other person (other than an Area Board) on such terms and conditions as may be agreed with that person:

Provided that—

(a) where any purchase of electricity is made by such a Board from a person in the district of the other Board, any such purchase shall require the approval of that other Board; or

U*

954

Section

11.— .

617

In Sea. —amt.

Electricity Reorganisation 2 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(6) where any purchase of electricity is made by such a Board from a person in the area of an Area Board, any such purchase shall require the approval of the Central Authority."

In subsection f4) for the words " the Central Authority or the ", in bom places where these words occur, there shall be substituted the word "either "; and the words " in accordance with a constructional scheme" shall be omitted.

17. For this section there shall be substituted the following section:—

"TheBoards 17. The Scottish Electricity Boards and

radAeCentral Central Authority in any matter, in collaborate. relation to which the execution of their powers and duties may be facilitated by consultation or joint action, shall consult together and shall so far as possible act in collaboration, and for that purpose they may enter into such agreements as they may think necessary."

First For paragraph 1 there shall be substituted the following Schedule. paragraph—

" 1. The Board shall consist of a Chairman, and not less than four nor more than eight other members of whom one or more may be appointed Deputy Chairman or Chairmen. The Chairman, the Deputy Chairman or Chairmen and the other members of the Board shall be appointed by the Secretary of State."

Fourth For the words " the Board " there shall be substituted the Schedule. words " the North of Scotland Board in paragraph 2 the words " in Scotland " shall be omitted and in paragraph 4, in sub-paragraph (a), the words from " (except " to " forty-three) " shall be omitted.

61*

CH-

1st Sch Section 16.—

Part n

The Electricity Act, 1947 General Adaptation

The Authority established by section one shall be known by the name of the Central Electricity Authority and that name shall be substituted for the words " British Electricity Authority " wherever occurring.

Subject to any specific adaptations or modifications made by this Schedule, any reference to the North of Scotland Board or to the North of Scotland District (except in subsection (7) of section one, in subsections (1) to (6) and subsection (8) of section forty-seven, and section sixty-seven) shall include a reference to the South of Scotland Board or to the South of Scotland District respectively.

1954

Electricity Reorganisation

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 60

619

Section Specific Adaptations or Modifications

1. In subsection (1) for the words from " Great Britain " to

" District * there shall be substituted the words " England and Wales "t and at the end of the subsection there shall be inserted the following subsection—

" (1 A) The Central Authority may provide bulk supplies of electricity for the Scottish Electricity Boards."

In subsection (4), in paragraph (b), after the words " Central Authority" there shall be inserted the words "or, where the agreement relates to the acquisition of bulk supplies of electricity from any person in the district of a Scottish Electricity Board, with the approval of that Board."

In subsection (5) for the words " The provisions " there shall be substituted the words " Paragraphs (a) and (c) ", the words from "any approval of the acquisition" to " District and " shall be omitted, and at the end of the subsection there shall be inserted the following proviso— " Provided that nothing in the provisions of this or the last foregoing subsection shall affect the operation of section sixteen of the Act of 1943 in relation to transactions between the North of Scotland Board and the South of Scotland Board."

2. In subsection (8) in paragraph (b) after " 1943 " there shall

be inserted the words " and the Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act, 1954," for the words " Minister and the Secretary of State jointly " there shall be substituted the words "Secretary of State", and at the end of that subsection there shall be added—

"(8A) Where an order under subsection (7) of this section affects an Electricity Board in England and a Scottish Electricity Board, that order shall be made by the Minister and the Secretary of State jointly."

4. For subsection (7) there shall be substituted the following subsections—

" (7) The foregoing provisions of this section, except subsection (1), shall apply to the Scottish Electricity Boards and to the districts of these Boards as if these Boards were Area Boards and these Districts were the areas of Area Boards, subject to the modification that an order or determination affecting either Board or District shall be made by the Secretary of State and in relation to the South of Scotland Board and the South of Scotland District any reference to this Act shall include a reference to the Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act, 1954.

(8) Where an Area Board and their area and a Scottish Electricity Board and their district are both affected by an order or determination under this section, any such order or determination shall be made by the Minister and the Secretary of State jointly.

U*2

1st Sch. —coni.

620

Electricity Reorganisation 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

1st Sch. Section

5. In subsection (7), at the end there shall be added the words ", and in relation to the South of Scotland Board and the South of Scotland District any reference to this Act shall include a reference to the Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act, 1954".

7. In subsection (14), in paragraph (a) the word "and" shall be omitted, and at the end there shall be added thewords"; and

(<?) any reference to this Act shall include a reference to the Act of 1943, and, in relation to the South of Scotland Board and the South of Scotland District, a reference to the Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act, 1954".

19. In subsection (1) after the words " Electricity Boards M and " Electricity Board " there shall be inserted the words " in England or Wales ".

For subsection (2) there shall be substituted the following subsections—

" (2) The provisions of the last foregoing subsection shall apply to the Scottish Electricity Boards with the substitution for any reference to the Minister of a reference to the Secretary of State, and for the reference to the Central Authority of a reference to these Boards, and the reference to this Act shall include a reference to the Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act, 1954.

(3) An order under this section may relate to transfers as aforesaid between an Electricity Board in England or Wales and a Scottish Electricity Board:

Provided that any such order shall be made by the Minister and the Secretary of State jointly after consultation with the Central Authority and with the Scottish Electricity Board concerned." 44

44. In subsection (1) after the word "revenues " there shall be inserted the words " or of the revenues of the South of Scotland Board ", after the words " as the Authority " there shall be inserted the words " or the Board, as the case may be "; in paragraph (a) of the proviso, after the ] words " Area Board " there shall be inserted the words " or, as the case may be, the South of Scotland Board ", and in relation to the South of Scotland Board for paragraph (b) there shall be substituted the following paragraph—

" (b) the Secretary of State shall have power to give | directions to the South of Scotland Board with the approval of the Treasury as to the application of any such excess notwithstanding that the directions may be of a specific character."

1954

Electricity Reorganisation

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 60

621

Section

1st Sch.

45. After the words " Central Authority " there shall be inserted the words " the South of Scotland Board "; and at the end of the section there shall be added the following subsection—

" (2) In this section, in relation to the South of Scotland Board—

(a) references to the central reserve fund shall be construed as references to the general reserve fund established under section eleven A of the Act of

(b) the reference to revenue account, where that reference first occurs, shall be construed as a reference to the general fund established under section ten of the said Act;

(c) the reference to Part II of this Act shall include a reference to the Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act, 1954; and

() the reference to this Act last occurring shall include a reference to the Act of 1943."

49. In subsection (1) for the words from " except " to " that District" there shall be substituted the words "in England or Wales and of the Scottish Electricity Boards to provide in their respective Districts,".

For subsections (4) and (5) there shall be substituted the following subsections—

*'(4) The Central Authority may with the approval of the South of Scotland Board provide in the South of Scotland District a supply of electricity to railway undertakers under this section, and a supply provided by the Central Authority outside the said District may with the like approval be used in that District.

(5) The South of Scotland Board may with the approval of the Central Authority provide in England or Wales a supply of electricity to railway undertakers under this section, and a supply provided by the South of Scotland Board in the District of that Board may with the like approval be used in England or Wales.

(5A) Either Scottish Electricity Board may with the approval of the other provide in the District of the other a supply of electricity to railway undertakers under this section, and a supply provided by either Board in their District may with the like approval be used in the District of the other ".

In subsection (6), in the proviso, for any reference to the North of Scotland District and the North of Scotland Board there shall be substituted respectively references to the South of Scotland District and the South of Scotland Board.

1943

622 CH- 60 Electricity Reorganisation 2 & 3 Buz. 2 (Scotland) Act, 1954

1st Sch. Section —com. 50. At end add the following subsection— " (5) In the application of subsection (1) of this section to Scotland, for any reference to the Central Authority there shall be substituted a reference to the Scottisl Electricity Boards."

51. At end add the following subsection— " (3) This section shall apply to the Central Authority as it applies to an Area Board."

53. In subsection (1) for the words from " to seek consultation " to " such agreements " there shall be substituted the words " the North of Scotland Board and the Soutlj of Scotland Board to seek joint consultations with anj organisation appearing to them to be appropriate with a view to the conclusion between the aforesaid Hcctridt) Boards and that organisation of such joint agreements", For subsections (2) to (4) there shall be substituted the following subsections— " (2) It shall be the duty of every Area Board to comply with any agreement entered into for the purposa of this section by the Central Authority, and that Authority before entering into any such agreement as aforesaid shall consult with the Area Boards. (3) Electricity Boards which are a party to any agreement entered into for the purposes of this section shall send to the Minister, the Secretary of State and the Minister of Labour and National Service, a copy of that agreement."

60. In subsection (1) after the word "Minister " there shall be inserted the words " and the Secretary of State ", after the word "such " there shall be inserted the word "joint " and for the words " he thinks " there shall be substituted the words " they think ".

64. In subsection (1) after the word "Minister" there shall be inserted the words "or, as the case may be, the Secretary of State ".

66. In subsection (1) at the end there shall be inserted the words " or the Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act, 1954".

67. In subsection (1) in the definition of "financial year", io paragraph (a) there shall be substituted for the words " the North of Scotland Board " the words " either of the Scottish Electricity Boards ", and after the definition of "securities" there shall be inserted— " * South of Scotland Board ’ means the South of Scotland Electricity Board constituted under the Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act, 1954; * South of Scotland District ’ means the district referred to in subsection (1) of section two of the Electricity Reorganisation (Scotland) Act, 1954".

954

Electricity Reorganisation

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 60

623

1st Sch. —coni.

Part in

Enactments other than the Hydro-electric Development (Scotland) Act, 1943, and the Electricity Act, 1947

Subject to any specific adaptations or modifications made by this Schedule, references in any of the provisions of the Electricity (Supply) Acts, 1882 to 1926, the Schedule to the Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899, as incorporated with the Act of 1947, and Part V of the Local Government Act, 1948—

(a) to the Minister or the Board of Trade (except in relation to

sections forty-nine to fifty-four and fifty-seven to fifty-nine of the Schedule to the Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899, as incorporated with the Act of 1947, and the reference to the Board of Trade in section eighty of that Schedule) shall, in relation to the Districts of the Scottish Electricity Boards and these Boards, be construed as references to the Secretary of State; and

(b) to the North of Scotland Board (except in section ninety-nine

of the Local Government Act, 1948) shall include a reference to the South of Scotland Board.

Subject to any specific adaptations or modifications made by this Schedule, references in any of the provisions of the aforesaid enactments, other than Part V of the Local Government Act, 1948, to the North of Scotland District shall include a reference to the South of Scotland District.

Electric Lighting Act,

1882 (45 & 46 Vict, c. 56).

s. 12 For the words " the whole of Great Britain

The Electric Lighting Act, 1888 (51 & 52 Vict. c. 12).

s. 4 For any reference to the Minister in relation

General Adaptation

Enactment

Specific Adaptations or Modifications

Adaptation or Modification

except the North of Scotland District9* there shall be substituted the words "the whole of England and Wales *.

to the power to make regulations under this section there shall be substituted a reference to the Minister and the Secretary of State.

624 Ch. 60 Electricity Reorganisation 2 & 3 Euz.2

(i Sco, 1954

in Sch. Enactment Adaptation or Modification

The Schedule to the Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899, as incorporated with the Electricity Act,

1947.

s. 4 For the words " the whole of Great Brito

except the North of Scotland District* there shall be substituted the words "tk whole of England and Wales *, and at the end there shall be added the foDovi^ paragraph—

" () in relation to the South of Scotlnd Board, the South of Scotland Db-trict".

Electric Lifting Act,

1909 (9 Edw. 7. c. 34).

s. 2 Subject to the provisions of the Act of 19(3

relating to constructional schemes, tk provisions of this section shall apply to tk Scottish Electricity Boards as they apply to the Central Authority.

The Local Government Act, 1948 (11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26). s. 85

In subsection (2) the words "the Britt Electricity Authority " and the words "a an Area Electricity Board" shall be omitted.

s.92

s. 96

s. 97

In subsection (1), in relation to the South of Scotland Board, for the reference to tk first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, there shall be substituted i reference to the first day of April, nineteea hundred and fifty-five.

In subsection (1) for any reference to tk British Electricity Authority in relatioo to payments for the benefit of local authorities in Scotland with areas outside the North of Scotland District there shall be substituted a reference to the South of Scothad Electricity Board.

In subsection (2) for the reference to tk British Electricity Authority there shall k substituted a reference to the Sooth of Scotland Electricity Board.

1954

Electricity Reorganisation

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 60

625

Enactment Hie Local Government Act, 1948 (11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26)— s. 98

Adaptation or Modification In Sen.

—COM.

For subsections (2) and (3) there shall be substituted the following subsections^—

" (2) The Minister of Fuel and Power (in relation to England and Wales) and the Secretary of State (in relation to the South of Scotland District) shall ascertain and certify, for the calendar year nineteen hundred and forty-seven, the total number of units of electricity to be taken into account under subsection (5) or (6) of this section.

(3) The Minister of Fuel and Power or the Secretary of State, as the case may be, shall then ascertain and certify the amount by which the total number of units to be so taken into account for the last calendar year ending before the beginning of the year for which the payment by the Central Electricity Authority or the South of Scotland Electricity Board is to be made exceeds or falls short of the number ascertained under subsection (2) of this section."

For subsection (5) there shall be substituted the following subsections—

" (5) In relation to England and Wales, the number of units to be taken into account for any year is—

(a) the total number of units supplied

in England and Wales to consumers by authorised undertakers (in the case of the year nineteen hundred and forty-seven) or by Electricity Boards (in the case of any other year); less

(b) forty-five per cent, of the units transmitted in that year by authorised undertakers or Electricity Boards from Scotland to England and Wales; plus

(c) forty-five per cent, of the units

transmitted in that year by authorised undertakers or Electricity Boards from England and Wales to Scotland.

626 Ctt. 60

Electricity Reorganisation 2 & 3 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

1st Sch. Enactment

~~cont- The Local Government

Act, 1948 (11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26)—com. s. 98—

Adaptation or Modification

(6) In relation to the South of Scotland District, the number of units to be taken into account for any year is—

(a) the total number of units supplied

in the South of Scotland District to consumers by authorised undertakers (in the case of the year nineteen hundred and forty-seven) or by Electricity Boards (in the case of any other year); less

(b) forty-five per cent, of the units transmitted in that year by authorised undertakers or Electricity Boards from England and Wales or the North of Scotland District to the South of Scotland District; plus

(c) forty-five per cent, of the units transmitted in that year by authorised undertakers or Electricity Boards to England and Wales or the North of Scotland District from the South of Scotland District.

(7) For the purposes of this section—

(a) * authorised undertakers ’ means authorised undertakers within the meaning of section thirteen of the Electricity Act, 1947;

(b) * consumer * does not include an

authorised undertaker or Electricity Board;

(c) * Electricity Board * has the meaning assigned to it by section one of the Electricity Act, 1947."

s. 99 In subsection (4), in paragraph (a) after the

words " the Board " and in paragraph (b), after the word "Authority" there shall be inserted the words " the South of Scotland Electricity Board ", and, in paragraph (c), after the word "Authority" there shall be inserted the words " or from the South of Scotland Electricity Board

954 Electricity Reorganisation Ch. 60

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Enactment Adaptation or Modification

Hie Local Government Act, 1948 (11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26)—corn.

s. 100 In subsection (3) the words "the British

Electricity Authority " shall be omitted.

s. 107 The words " and the Minister of Fuel and

Power acting jointly " shall be omitted, and for the words " British Electricity Authority" there shall be substituted the words " South of Scotland Electricity Board

SECOND SCHEDULE Part I Enactments Repealed

Season and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

tO&UOeo.6. c. 54. The Electricity Act, 1947 In section one, subsection (2) so far as it relates to the South East Scotland and South West Scotland Area Boards. In section three, in subsection (2), paragraph (c). Schedule 1 so far as it relates to the South East Scotland and South West Scotland Eleo» tricity Boards. In Schedule 4, in Part I the adaptation or modification of section fourteen of the Electric Lighting Act, 1882; and in Part HI, in the adaptation or modification of paragraph ( ) of section ten of the Schedule to the Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899, the words from "and paragraph (6)* to " 1943 " and the words " the said".

627

1st Sch. —cont.

Section 15.

628

Electricity Reorganisation 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

2nd Sch. —cam.

4^'«0

Part n

Repeals Extending to Scotland only

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

10 ft 11 Geo. 6. c. 54.

The Electricity Act, 1947

In section one, in paragraph (a) of subsection (4) the words "and with the approval of the Central Authority*.

In section two, subsection (6).

Section three.

In section four, in subsection (2) the words " alter consultation with the Central Authority H.

In section five, subsection (5). Section six.

Section eight except subsection

(4).

Sections thirty-six and thirty-seven.

Sections thirty-nine to forty-three.

Section forty-6ix

coo

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Electric Lighting Act, 1882

Electric Lighting Act, 1888

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899 ...

Electric Lighting Act, 1909

Electricity Supply (Meters) Act, 1936 ...

Hydro-Electric Development (Scotland)

1943

Finance Act, 1946

Electricity Act, 1947

Local Government Act, 1948

Hydro-Electric Development (Scotland) 1952

Session and Chapter

... 45 ft 46 Vict c. 56.

... 51 ft 52 Vict. c. 12.

... 62 ft 63 Vict. c. 19.

... 9 Edw. 7. c. 34.

... 26 Geo. 5. ft 1 Edw. 8.

c. 20.

Act,

6 ft 7 Geo. 6. c. 32.

... 9 ft 10 Geo. 6. c. 64.

... 10 ft 11 Geo. 6. c. 54.

... 11 ft 12 Geo. 6. c. 26. Act,

... 15 ft 16 Geo. 6. ft 1 Ehr. 2

c. 22.

1954

Pharmacy , 1954

Ch. 61

629

CHAPTER 61

Pharmacy , 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Registration of pharmaceutical chemists

Section

1. Appointment of registrar and other officers.

2. The registers and registration.

3. Qualification by examination for registration.

4. Qualification by degree, diploma, etc. for registration.

5. Certificates of registration.

6. Evidence of registration.

Removal from and restoration to the; etc.

7. The Statutory Committee.

8. Control of registrations by Statutory Committee.

9. Restrictions on directions by Statutory Committee.

10. Appeals against directions, etc.

11. Time of operation, etc. of certain directions.

12. Removal from register for non-payment of retention fee, etc.

13. Corrections of the register.

Miscellaneous provisions relating to the Pharmaceutical Society

14. Membership of the Society.

15. Appointment of additional members of Council.

16. Byelaws.

17. The benevolent fund.

Offences

18. Falsifications by the registrar.

19. Restrictions on use of certain titles, etc.

20. Offences relating to certificates.

21. Extension of time for certain prosecutions.

Supplemental

22. Exercise of powers conferred on Privy Council.

23. Application of fees, etc.

24. Interpretation.

25. Transitional and consequential provisions, and repeals.

26. Short title, commencement and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—The Statutory Committee.

Second Schedule—Transitional provisions.

Third Schedule—Consequential amendments.

Fourth Schedule—Repeals.

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to pharmacy with corrections and improvements made under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 1949.

[25th November, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

630

Ch. 61

Pharmacy Act, 1954

2 & 3 Bliz. 2

Appointment of registrar and other officers.

The registers and

registration.

Registration of pharmaceutical chemists

1. —(1) The Council of the Pharmaceutical Society of Britain shall keep a fit and proper person appointed as registrar for the purposes of this Act, and may, for those purposes, appoint a deputy registrar and such clerks and other subordinate officers as the Council think fit.

(2) The Council may pay a suitable salary to any person appointed in pursuance of this section.

(3) The Council may terminate the appointment of any person so appointed.

2. —(1) It shall be the duty of the registrar—

(a) to maintain, in accordance with bydaws and the provisions of this Act, the Register of Pharmaceutical Chemists established in pursuance of the Pharmacy Act, 1852, which shall contain the names and addresses, and such other particulars (if any) as are prescribed, of all persons who in accordance with those provisions are entitled to have their names registered;

(b) to cause to be prepared, in such form as is for the time being prescribed, and to be printed, published and pot on sale in every year, a list (to be known as "The Annual Register of Pharmaceutical Chemists ") of all names which were on the register on the last day of the preceding year.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a person shall be entitled to have his name registered if he—

(a) satisfies the registrar, or on appeal the Council, that

in accordance with provisions of the next following section or of any byelaw made under section four of this Act, he is qualified to have his name registered; and

(b) pays to the Society such fee in respect of the registration as is prescribed;

and different fees may be prescribed in relation to registrations in pursuance of different provisions mentioned in paragraph to) of this subsection.

(3) Every registered pharmaceutical chemist shall pay to the Society such fee as is prescribed in respect of the retention of his name on the register in any year or, in the case of a person whose name is first registered in or after the year in which this Act comes into operation (other than a person whose name has at any time been registered under the Pharmacy Act, 1868) in respect of such retention in any year subsequent to the year in which his name is first registered; and different fees may be prescribed for different classes of registered pharmaceutical

1954

Pharmacy , 1954

Ch. 61

631

chemists, and provision may *be made by byelaws for exempting any class of registered pharmaceutical chemists from liability to pay any such fee.

3.—(1) It shall be the duty of the Council to appoint examiners to hold examinations for the purposes of this Act (including separate examiners for Scotland to hold examinations at such place or places in Scotland as the Council determine); but the appointment of any person as such an examiner shall not—

(a) take effect until it is approved by the Privy Council;

(b) continue in force for more than five years from the date on which it is made.

(2) Such examination fee as is prescribed shall be payable to the Society by every candidate at any such examination.

(3) It shall be the duty of the Society to permit any person appointed in that behalf by die Privy Council to be present throughout any such examination.

(4) The subjects at any such examination shall be the latin language, botany, materia medica, pharmaceutical and general chemistry and such other subjects (excluding the theory and practice of medicine, surgery and midwifery) as are prescribed; and byelaws may provide—

(a) for periods of time and courses of study in connection with such examinations and for dividing such examinations into two or more parts;

(b) that no person may be a candidate at any such examination unless he satisfies the Council that he has received such a general education as the Council consider adequate for a registered pharmaceutical chemist;

(c) that no such certificate as is mentioned in the next

following subsection shall be granted to any person in consequence of any such examination unless he satisfies the Council that he has received such practical training in the subjects of the examination as the Council consider adequate.

(5) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, the examiners may grant a certificate of competence to practise as a pharmaceutical chemist to any person who satisfies them at any such examination that he is competent so to practise; and a person to whom such a certificate is granted shall be qualified to have his name registered.

4.—(1) Byelaws may provide that any person who satisfies such conditions as to character and otherwise as are prescribed by the byelaws and either holds or has held a degree granted in respect of pharmacy by any university in the United Kingdom or a diploma granted in respect of pharmacy in any place outside

Qualification by examination for

registration.

Qualification by degree, diploma, etc. for

registration.

632

Ch. 61

Pharmacy Act, 1954

2 & 3 Buz. 2

Certificates of registration.

Evidence of registration.

the United Kingdom or has passed the examinations necessary j for obtaining such a diploma shall be qualified to have his name !

registered—

(a) without his qualifying to have his name registered m

accordance with die requirements of the last foregoing section and of byelaws made thereunder; or

(b) upon his so qualifying in accordance with those requirements relaxed to the prescribed extent.

(2) Byelaws may provide that any person who is—

(a) a qualified military dispenser; or

(b) a certified assistant to an apothecary under die

Apothecaries Act, 1815; oc

(c) registered as a pharmaceutical chemist in Northern Ireland,

and who satisfies the Council that he has sufficient slrill and knowledge to practise as a pharmaceutical chemist shall be qualified to have his name registered without his qualifying at mentioned in paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection.

5. —(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, it shall be the duty of the Council, on the demand of any registered pharmaceutical chemist, to issue to him without fee a certificate of registration signed by the registrar and countersigned by either the President of the Society or two members of the Council.

(2) There shall be no obligation on the Council to issue a further such certificate as aforesaid to a person to whom such a certificate has already been issued, unless the person—

(a) satisfies the registrar that the original certificate, and

any further certificate already issued to him, has been lost or destroyed; and

(b) pays to the Society such fee (if any) in respect of the

further certificate as is prescribed.

6. —(1) Any document purporting to be a print of the Annual Register of Pharmaceutical Chemists printed and published by authority of the (registrar in any year shall, at any time before the publication of the said Annual Register for the succeeding year, be admissible in any proceedings as evidence that any person named therein is, and that any person not named therein is not, a registered pharmaceutical chemist.

(2) Any such certificate as is mentioned in the last foregoing section shall be admissible in any proceedings as evidence that the person named therein as a registered pharmaceutical chemist is a registered pharmaceutical chemist

1954

Pharmacy Act, 1954

Ch. 61

633

Removal from and restoration to the , etc.

7. For the purposes of this Act there shall be appointed a The Statutory committee of the Society (to be known as " the Statutory Com- Committee, mittee "), and the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the Statutory Committee.

fc—(1) Where— Control of

(a) a person applying to have his name registered, or bTsStutory

(b) a registered pharmaceutical chemist or any person committee, employed by him in die carrying on of his business, or

(c) a person whose name has been removed from the register

under section twelve of this Act or any person employed by him as aforesaid,

has been convicted of any such criminal offence or been guilty of such misconduct (being in a case falling within paragraph

(c) of this subsection a conviction or misconduct which took place either before or after the removal of the name) as in the opinion of the Statutory Committee renders the convicted or guilty person unfit to have his name on the register, the Committee may, after enquiring into the matter—

(i) in a case falling within paragraph (a) of this subsection,

direct that the applicant’s name shall not be registered, or shall not be registered until die Committee otherwise directs;

(ii) in a case falling within paragraph ( ) thereof, direct

the registrar to remove the name of the registered pharmaceutical chemist from the register;

(iii) in a case falling within paragraph (c) thereof, direct that the name removed from die register shall not be restored thereto, or shall not be restored thereto until the Committee otherwise directs;

and, where the Committee directs that a name shall be removed from the register or shall not until the Committee otherwise directs be registered or restored to the register, the Committee may also direct that no application to the Committee in respect of its registration, or as the case may be its restoration to the register, shall be entertained thereafter until the expiration of such period as is specified in the direction or the fulfilment of such conditions as are so specified.

(2) Where the name of any person has been removed from the register in pursuance of a direction under paragraph Gi) of the last foregoing subsection, the Committee may, either of its own motion or on the application of that person, direct the registrar to restore the name to the register, either without fee or on the payment to the Society of such fee as is prescribed in that behalf, not exceeding the fee prescribed for registration in pursuance of section three of this Act.

634

Ch. 61

Pharmacy Act, 1954

2 &3EUZ.2

Restriction on directions by Statutory Committee.

Appeals against directions, etc

(3) It shall be the duty of the Statutory Committee—

(a) to give notice of any direction under this section to the

person to whom the direction relates;

(b) to give notice of any refusal of an application made under the last foregoing subsection to the applicant;

and any notice required by this subsection to be given to any person shall be given by being sent to him in a registered letter which, in the case of a registered pharmaceutical chemist, shall be addressed to his address on the register.

9. —(1) No direction (other than a direction authorising the registration or restoration to the register of a name) shall be given by the Statutory Committee under subsection (1) of the last foregoing section without the assent of the chairman of the Committee.

(2) Where an act or omission which, under the last foregoing section, may be made the ground of a direction by the Statutory Committee involving the cesser or restriction of the right of a person to have his name registered is an act or omission on the part of an employee of that person, the Committee shall not give any such direction unless proof is given to its satisfaction of some one or more of the facts specified in the next following subsection and the Committee is of opinion that, having regard to the facts so proved, the said person ought to be regarded as responsible for the act or omission.

(3) The facts as to some one or more of which the Committee must be satisfied before giving any such direction as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section are—

(a) that the act or omission in question was instigated or

connived at by the said person;

(b) that the said person or any employee of his had been

guilty at some time within twelve months before die date on which the act or omission in question took place of a similar act or omission and that the said person had, or reasonably ought to have had, knowledge of that previous act or omission;

(c) if the act or omission in question was a continuing act

or omission, that the said person had, or reasonably ought to have had, knowledge of the continuance thereof;

(d) in the case of a criminal offence being an offence under the Pharmacy Acts, that the said person had not used due diligence to enforce the execution of those Acts.

10. —(1) A person aggrieved by a direction of the Statutory Committee under section eight of this Act or the refusal of an application made under subsection (2) of that section may at any time within three months from the date on which notice of the direction or, as the case may be, of the refusal is gives

954

Pharmacy Act, 1954

Ch. 61

635

o him appeal to the High Court against the direction or refusal; ind the Society may appear as respondent on any such appeal.

(2) The High Court may on any such appeal make such order is the court thinks fit in the matter including an order as to the »sts of the appeal and in particular as to the payment of any such costs by the Society, whether or not the Society appear on the hearing of the appeal; and the order of the High Court on iny such appeal shall be final.

(3) It shall be the duty of the registrar to make such alterations in the register as are necessary to give effect to any such order as aforesaid.

11. —(1) A direction under paragraph (ii) of subsection (1) of section eight of this Act shall not take effect until the expiration of three months from the giving of notice of the direction as required by subsection (3) of that section or, where an appeal to the High Court is brought against the direction, until the appeal is determined or withdrawn.

(2) If the High Court has dismissed an appeal against a direction under the said subsection (1) that a name shall be removed from the register or shall not, until the Committee otherwise directs, be registered or restored to the register, a direction by the Committee authorising the registration or restoration of the name shall not take effect unless it is approved by the Privy Council.

(3) When any direction under the said section eight takes effect it shall be the duty of the registrar to make such alterations in the register as are necessary to give effect to the direction.

12. —(1) If any registered pharmaceutical chemist on whom a demand has been made in the prescribed manner for the payment of any fee payable 'by him under subsection (3) of section two of this Act faffs to pay the fee within two months from the date of the demand, the Council may direct the registrar to remove the chemist’s name from the register.

(2) If any person whose name has been removed from the register under the last foregoing subsection for non-payment of any fee pays to the Society, before the expiration of the year in respect of which the fee is payable or of such longer period as the Council allow, the fee and such additional stun (if any) by way of penalty as is prescribed, it shall be the duty of the registrar, subject to the provisions of any direction in force under paragraph (iff) of subsection (1) of section eight of this Act, to restore that person’s name to the register.

(3) Where a name removed from the register under subsection

(I) of this section is restored thereto under the last foregoing subsection, the restoration shall, if the Council so direct, have effect from the date of the removal of the name.

Time of operation etc. of certain directions.

Removal from register for non-payment of retention fee, etc.

636

Pharmacy Act, 1954

2 & 3EUZ.2

a

Corrections of U-Hl) It shall be the duty of the registrar—

(fl) to remove from the register the name of any registered pharmaceutical chemist who has died;

(b) to remove from the register any entry which the Council, by an order in writing, direct him to remove therefrom as being in their opinion an entry which was •procured by fraud;

(c) to correct in accordance with the Council’s directions any entry in the register which the Council, by an order in writing, direct him to correct as being in their opinion an entry which was incorrectly made; and

(d) to make from time to time any necessary alterations in the registered particulars of registered pharmaceutical chemists.

(2) The registrar may remove from the register any name to which this subsection applies by virtue of subsection (4) of this section, and the Council may direct the registrar to restore to the register any name removed therefrom under this subsection.

(3) Every registrar of births and deaths shall, on registering the death of a pharmaceutical chemist, send forthwith by post to the registrar under this Act a copy certified under his hand of the entry relating to the death in die register of deaths; and the cost of the certificate and of sending it by post shall be payable by the registrar under this Act to the registrar of births and deaths from whom it is received.

(4) If the registrar—

(a) sends by post to any registered pharmaceutical chemist

a registered letter addressed to him at his address on die register enquiring whether he has ceased to practise as a pharmaceutical chemist or has changed his address and receives no reply to the letter within the period of six months from the date of posting it; and

(b) upon the expiration of that period sends in like manna

to the pharmaceutical chemist in question a second similar letter and receives no reply to that letter within three months from the date of posting it,

subsection (2) of this section shall apply to die name of the registered pharmaceutical chemist in question.

Miscellaneous provisions relating to the Pharmaceutical Society

Membership 14. Every person whose name is registered shall, by virtue of of the Society, the registration, be a member of the Society, and shall, on his name ceasing to be registered, cease to be a member of the Society.

954

Pharmacy , 1954

Ch. 61

637

11—(1) The Privy Council may appoint three persons to be Appointment nembers of the Council of the Society in addition to the persons of additional sleeted as members of the Council under the Society’s Charter, roc™!1*™ of and the persons appointed by the Privy Council under this U>unal* lection shall hold office as members of the Council for such period as the Privy Council determine.

(2) A person may be appointed under this section as a member of the Council whether he is or is not a member of the Society.

16. The Council may make such byelaws as they think neces- Byelaws, saiy for the purposes of any provision of this Act referring to byelaws; but no byelaw made by virtue of this Act shall come

into operation until it is approved by the Privy Council.

17. The Council may, out of the property of the Society and The benevolent out of any property for the time being comprised in the benevo- fond.

lent fund established in pursuance of the Society’s Charter of Incorporation, make provision for such purposes relating to the relief of distressed persons, being—

(a) members of the Society;

(b) persons who at any time have been such members or have been registered as pharmaceutical chemists or chemists and druggists under this Act or any enactment repealed by, or by an enactment repealed by, this Act;

(c) widows, orphans and other dependants of deceased persons who were at any time members of the Society or registered as aforesaid; or id) students of the Society, as the Council may, subject to byelaws, determine.

Offences

IS. If the registrar wilfully makes or causes to be made any Falsifications falsification in any matter relating to the register or the Annual by the Register of Pharmaceutical Chemists or any such certificate as is regi8tirar mentioned in subsection (5) of section three of this Act, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and, in the case of a falsification relating to the said Annual Register, liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months.

19-—(1) Subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of section Restrictions on nine and subsection (1) of section ten of the Act of 1933 (which use of certain authorise the use of certain titles and descriptions by bodiestitte8< otc-corporate and by representatives of pharmaceutical chemists who have died or are under certain disabilities) it shall not be lawful for any person, unless he is a registered pharmaceutical chemist—

(a) to take or use any of the following titles, that is to say, pharmaceutical chemist, pharmaceutist, pharmacist, chemist and druggist, druggist, or member of the Pharmaceutical Society;

638 Pharmacy Act, 1954 2&3BUZ.2

Offences relating to certificates. (b) to take or use, in connection with the sale of goods by retail, the title of chemist. (2) Subject as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for any person to use, in connection with any business, any title, emblem or description reasonably calculated to suggest that he or any person employed in the business possesses any qualification with respect to the selling, dispensing or compounding of drugs or poisons other than the qualification which he in fact possesses. For the purposes of this subsection— (a) the use of the description " pharmacy " in connection with a business carried on on any premises shall be deemed to be reasonably calculated to suggest that the owner of the business and the person having the control of the business on those premises are registered pharmaceutical chemists; and (b) the expression " dispensing " in relation to a poison has the same meaning as in the Act of 1933. (3) If any person acts in contravention of the foregoing provisions of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction, in respect of each offence, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds and in the case of a continuing offence to a further fine not exceeding five pounds for every day subsequent to the day on which he is convicted of the offence during which die contravention continues. 20.—(1) If any person fraudulently exhibits any certificate purporting to be a certificate of membership of the Society, he shah be guilty of a misdemeanour. (2) If, with intent to deceive, any person— (a)forges, or uses, or lends to or allows to be used by any other person any certificate issued under the Pharmacy Acts; or (b) makes or has in his possession any document so closely resembling such a certificate as to be calculated to deceive, he shall be liable on summary conviction, in respect of each offence, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds and, in the case of a continuing offence, to a further fine not exceeding five pounds for every day subsequent to the day on which he is convicted of the offence during which the contravention continues. In the application of this subsection to England or Wales, the expression " forges " has the same meaning as in the Forgery Act, 1913. (3) If any person to whom a certificate of registration has been issued in pursuance of section five of this Act ceases to be a registered pharmaceutical chemist he shall, before the expiration

1954

Pharmacy Act, 1954

Ch. 61

639

of fourteen days from so ceasing, transmit the certificate to the registrar for cancellation, and, if he fails to do so, he shall be liable on summary conviction, in respect of each offence, to a fine not exceeding five pounds and to a further fine not exceeding one pound for every day subsequent to the day on which he is convicted of the offence during which the default continues.

ZL Notwithstanding anything in the Magistrates’ Courts Extension of Act, 1952 or the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, fi™® for certain proceedings for an offence under section nineteen of this Act or pro8ecutlon8’ subsection (2) or subsection (3) of the last foregoing section may be commenced at any time within the period of twelve months next after the date of the commission of the offence.

Supplemental

22.—(1) For the purpose of exercising any powers conferred Exercise of by this Act on the Privy Council, the quorum of the Privy Coun-til shall be three.

(2) Any document purporting to be— Council.

(a) an instrument of appointment or approval made by the Privy Council under this Act or any other instrument so made; and

(6) signed by the Clerk of the Privy Council or by any other person authorised by the Privy Council in that behalf,

shall be evidence of the fact that the instrument was so made and of the terms of the instrument.

23. Any sum received by the Society by way of fee or penalty Application in pursuance of any provision of this Act shall be applicable of foo8»etc* for the purposes of the Society.

24. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the Interpretation, following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to diem respectively, that is to say—

" the Act of 1933 " means the Pharmacy and Poisons Act,

1933;

" byelaws " means byelaws made by the Council;

" the Council " means the Council of the Society;

" the Pharmacy Acts " has the same meaning as in the Act of 1933;

" prescribed " means prescribed by byelaws;

"the register" means the Register of Pharmaceutical Chemists established in pursuance of the Pharmacy Act, 1852 and maintained in pursuance of subsection (1) of section two of this Act;

Pharmacy , 1954

2 & 3 Eijz. 2

640

a*-

registered" means registered in the register, and "to register" and "registration" shall be construed accordingly;

" registered pharmaceutical chemist " means a person whose name is registered;

" registrar " means the registrar appointed in pursuance of section one of this Act;

" the Society " means the Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain;

" year ", in subsection (3) of section two and subsection (2) of section twelve, means a period of twelve months beginning on such date as is for the time being determined by the Council.

(2) In the application of this Act to Scotland any reference to the High Court shall be construed as a reference to the Court of Session.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any enactment is a reference to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment

Transitional 25.—(1) Without prejudice to the operation of section thirty-

ajjd : teight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to repeals),—

(a) the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect; and

(b) the enactments specified in the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in the said Third Schedule, being amendments consequential upon the provisions of this Act

(2) Subject to the provisions of the said Seoond Schedule, die enactments specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of the said Fourth Schedule.

26.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Pharmacy Act, 1954, and shall come into operation at the expiration of one month beginning with the date of its passing.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

provisions, and repeals.

Short title, commencement and extent.

1954

Pharmacy Act, 1954

Ch. 61

641

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

The Statutory Committee Constitution

1. —(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following subparagraph, the Statutory Committee (hereafter in this Schedule referred to as 44 the committee ") shall consist of six members, of whom one, who shall be chairman, shall be appointed by the Privy Council, and of whom five shall be appointed by the Council.

(2) If by reason of illness or other infirmity the chairman becomes temporarily incapable of performing the duties of his office, the Privy Council may appoint another person to be a member of the committee and to act in the place of the chairman; and in relation to any period during which any person is appointed under this sub-paragraph, any reference to the chairman of the Statutory Committee in any enactment (other than the foregoing provisions of this Schedule) shall be construed as a reference to that person.

2. A person may be appointed to be a member of the committee whether he is or is not a member of the Society or of the Council, but—

(a) the chairman shall be a person having practical legal ex-

perience; and

(/>) if, on the occurrence of a vacancy among the members appointed by the Council, none of the remaining members so appointed is a pharmaceutical chemist resident in Scotland, the person appointed to fill the vacancy shall be a pharmaceutical chemist so resident.

3. —(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following sub-para-graph, a member of the committee, other than a person appointed under sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, shall hold office for a period of five years, and a person appointed under the said sub ^paragraph (2) shall hold office for the period (not exceeding six months) for which he is appointed; and any member shall be eligible for re-appointment at the expiration of his period of office.

(2) Any member of the committee may at any time resign his office by giving notice in writing of his resignation—

(a) in the case of a member appointed by the Council, to the registrar;

(b) in any other case, to the Clerk of the Privy Council; and the body by whom a member of the committee is appointed may remove the member from his appointment for inability to perform his duties or for misbehaviour.

Procedure

4. —(1) The quorum of the committee shall be three, of whom the chairman shall be one.

(2) Hie committee may act by a majority of the members present, and in the case of an equality of votes the chairman shall have a casting vote.

x

Section 7.

642

Ch- 6\

Pharmacy , 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

1st Sch. 5.—(1) The committee may make regulations as to the procedure

—com. to be followed by the committee in exercising the jurisdiction con-

ferred upon it by this Act and the Act of 1933, but no such regulations shall come into operation until they are approved by the Privy Council.

(2) The Privy Council may approve any such regulations with or without modifications; but where the Privy Council propose to modify any such regulations, they shall give the committee a reasonable opportunity of making observations to the Privy Council on the proposed modifications and shall, before approving the regulations, take into consideration any observations made by the committee by virtue of this sub-paragraph.

(3) The power conferred by this paragraph to approve regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any statutory instrument approving regulations made under this paragraph shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

Expenses

6. The Society shall pay to members of the committee such reasonable travelling expenses as are fixed by the Council with the approval of the Privy Council, and may pay to any member of the committee such fees as are so fixed; and all other expenses of the committee shall be defrayed by the Society.

Section 25. SECOND SCHEDULE

Transitional provisions

1. The Council may direct the registrar to register any name which was removed in pursuance of section ten of the Pharmacy Act, 1868 from the register of chemists and druggists.

2. If any person whose name has been removed in pursuance of subsection (4) of section one of the Act of 1933 from the register of chemists and druggists for non-payment of any fee pays to the Society, before the expiration of such period (if any) as the Council allow, the fee and any additional sum prescribed in pursuance of subsection (2) of section twelve of this Act, it shall be the duty of the registrar, subject to the provisions of any direction of the Statutory Committee which is in force in relation to the name, to register the name of that person; and, if the Council so direct, the registration shall have effect from the date on which the name was removed from the register of chemists and druggists.

3. Where any person whose name has been removed as mentioned in the last foregoing paragraph or a person employed by him in the carrying on of his business, has (whether before or after the removal of the name) been convicted of any such criminal offence or been guilty of such misconduct as, in the opinion of the Statutory Committee, renders the convicted or guilty person unfit to have his name on the register, the Committee may, after inquiring into the matter, direct that the name removed as aforesaid shall not be registered or shall not be registered until the Committee otherwise directs; and where the Committee directs that a name shall not be registered

*54

Pharmacy , 1954

Ch. 61

643

util the Committee otherwise directs, it may further direct that o application to the Committee in respect of the registration of the eune shall be entertained until the expiration of such period as is >ecified in the direction or the fulfilment of such conditions as are > specified.

4. Where the name of any person was absent from the register nmediately before the commencement of this Act in pursuance of a irectkm given under subsection (1) of section seven of the Act of 933 for the removal of the name from the register of chemists and ruggists, the Statutory Committee may, either of its own motion ft on the application of that person, being an application made onsistently with any direction of the Statutory Committee applicable o him, direct the registrar to register the name of that person, either without fee or on payment to the Society of such fee as is prescribed n pursuance of subsection (2) of section eight of this Act; but where he High Court has dismissed an appeal against the direction given under the said subsection (1), a direction under this paragraph shall sot take effect unless it is approved by the Privy Council

5. The provisions of subsection (3) of section eight, section nine, section ten and subsection (3) of section eleven of this Act shall apply in relation to a direction of the Statutory Committee under paragraph 3 of this Schedule and the said provisions (except section nine) shall apply in relation to such a direction under paragraph 4 thereof as they apply in relation to a direction under the said section eight, and the provisions of subsection (3) of the said section eight and the said section ten shall apply in relation to a refusal of an application under the said paragraph 4 as they apply in relation to such a refusal as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of the said section eight

6. Any direction given under subsection (1) or subsection (2) of section seven of the Act of 1933 or section four of the Pharmacy and Medicines Act, 1941 which, immediately before the commencement of this Act, related to the Register of Pharmaceutical Chemists shall be deemed to be a direction duly given under the corresponding provision of this Act on the date on which the direction was actually given.

7. Nothing in subsection (2) of section twenty-five of this Act shall affect any appointment, byelaw, demand, nomination, order or regulation made, approval, certificate, confirmation, direction or notice given, register published, registration effected, proceeding instituted or thing done under any enactment repealed by this Act, and, subject to the provisions of the last foregoing paragraph, any loch appointment, approval, byelaw, certificate, confirmation, demand, Erection, nomination, notice, order, register, registration, proceeding er thing shall, if in force immediately before the commencement of this Act. continue in force and be deemed to be made, given, published, effected, instituted or done, as the case may be, under the corresponding provision of this Act, and, in the case of an appointment or demand be deemed to have been duly made under die Said corresponding provision on the date on which it was actually made.

x 2

2nd Sch. —cant.

644

Ch. 61

Pharmacy , 1954

2 A 3EUZ.2

2nd Sch. 8. Any reference in any document (excluding the Act of 1933) to

—corn. any Act or enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as a

reference to this Act or to the corresponding enactment in this Act: and any reference in any document (including the Act of 1933) to the Statutory Committee appointed under the Act of 1933 shall be construed as a reference to the Statutory Committee appointed under this Act.

9. Every certificate of registration which was issued before the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and fifty-throe and which certifies that the person therein specified is registered as a chemist and druggist according to the provisions of the Pharmacy Act, 1868, shall, for such period as b prescribed, be deemed to be a certificate of registration issued ia pursuance of section five of this Act certifying that the person them specified is a registered pharmaceutical chemist, and the said certificate shall throughout the said period have effect accordingly.

10. Where any offence (being an offence for the continuance of which a penalty was provided) has been committed under any enactment repealed by this Act, proceedings may be taken under this Act in respect of the continuance of the offence after the commencement of this Act in the same manner as if the offence had been committed under the corresponding provisions of this Act.

11. In this Schedule "the register of chemists and druggists'* means the register of chemists and druggists established under the Pharmacy Act, 1868.

Section 25.

THIRD SCHEDULE Consequential amendments The Pharmacy and Poisons 1933 (23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 25.

After section eleven there shall be inserted the following section— " 11a. The Statutory Committee shall not, without the asm of the chairman of the Committee, direct—

(a) that a body corporate shall cease to be or shall be do-

qualified for any period from being an authorised seller of poisons or that all or any of the premises of a body corporate shall be removed from the register of premises or be disqualified for any period from being registered therein; or

(b) that the representatives of a pharmacist shall cease to be authorised sellers of poisons or cease to be entitled to use any title, emblem or description

In section twenty-five, in subsections (1) and (4), after the words "Part I of this Act" there shall be inserted the words "and of section nineteen and subsections (2) and (3) of section twenty of the Pharmacy Act, 1954 ".

In section twenty-nine, in the definition of "Byelaws ", after the word "Society " there shall be inserted the words " and approved by the Privy Council "; in the definition of "Certificate of registration" for the words "section thirteen of the Pharmacy Act,

1954

Pharmacy , 1954

645

Ch. 61

1868 * there shall be substituted the words "section five of the >harmacy Act, 1954 "; in the definition of 44 Pharmacy Acts " for he words from 44 Pharmacy Act, 1852 " to " Pharmacy Act, 1908 " here shall be substituted the words " Pharmacy Act, 1954 "; and n the definition of 44 Registrar * for the words 44 section four of the Pharmacy Act, 1852 " there shall be substituted the words 44 section >ne of the Pharmacy Act, 1954

The Pharmacy and Medicines Act. 1941 (4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 42.)

In section four, in subsection (6), for the words 44 the said section fourteen* there shall be substituted the words "section fourteen 3f the principal Act *’.

In section seventeen, in subsection (1), for the words 44 and 4 Statutory Committee ’ have the same meanings " there shall be substituted the words 44 has the same meaning *’; and in the definition of 44 registered pharmacist* for the words from "has the same meaning* to "Pharmacy Act, 1953*’ there shall be substituted the words '* means a person whose name is registered in the register of pharmaceutical chemists*.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Repeals

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

15 & 16 Vict, c. 56. The Pharmacy Act, 1852. The whole Act.

21 & 22 Vict, c. 97. The Public Health Act, 1858. The whole Act.

31 & 32 Vict, c. 121. The Pharmacy Act, 1868. The whole Act.

8 Edw. 7.C.55. The Poisons and Pharmacy Act, 1908. The whole Act.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 31. The Pharmacy Act, 1929. The whole Act.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. The Pharmacy and Sections one to seven; in sub-

c. 25. Poisons Act, 1933. section (2) of section nine the words from the beginning to "emblems and descriptions"; in subsection (1) of section fourteen the words "if he is a pharmacist, at his address in the register and in subsection (5) of section fourteen the words "the register or"; and the First Schedule.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. The Pharmacy and Subsections (1) to (5) of section

c. 42. Medicines Act, 1941. four; and section six.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 11. The Medical Practitioners and Pharmacists Act, 1947. Part II.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 19. The Pharmacy Act, 1953. The whole Act.

coo

3rd Sch. —cont.

Section 25.

646

Ch. 61, 62

Pharmacy , 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Apothecaries Act, 1815 55 Geo. 3. c. 194.

Pharmacy Act, 1852 15 & 16 Vict. c. 56.

Pharmacy Act, 1868 Interpretation Act, 1889 Poisons and Pharmacy Act, 1908 Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908... Forgery Act, 1913 Pharmacy and Poisons Act, 1933 Pharmacy and Medicines Act, 1941 Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) 31 & 32 Vict. c. 121. 52 & 53 Virt. c. 63. 8 Edw. 7. c. 55. 8 Edw. 7. c. 65. 3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 27. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 25. 4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 42. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 33.

Act, 1949.

Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952 15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz 2

c. 55.

Pharmacy Act, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 19.

CHAPTER 62

Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

General

Section

1. Power of Postmaster-General to receive deposits.

2. General power to make regulations.

Provisions as to deposits

3. Making of deposits.

4. Limit on amount of deposits.

5. Payment of interest on deposits.

6. Withdrawal.

7. Regulations as to deposits.

8. Settlement of disputes.

9. Fees taken by Registrar on reference of disputes.

10. Secrecy.

11. Transfer of deposits to other savings banks.

12. Transfer of deposits from other savings banks.

13. Transfer of deposits from and to overseas savings banks.

14. Deposits by charitable societies, etc.

15. Annual account of deposits to be laid before Parliament.

Management of money deposited in post office savings banks

16. Money to be paid over to National Debt Commissioners for investment-

17. Securities in which the Commissioners may invest.

18. Annual income account.

19. Adjustment of balances on income accounts.

1954

Post Office Savings Bank

Act, 1954

Ch. 62

647

Scctioo

20. Annual statement of liabilities.

21. Audit of accounts.

22. Certain sums to be included in expenses of Postmaster-General and

Commissioners.

24. Provisions as to regulations.

25. Interpretation.

26. Repeal and transitional provisions.

27. Extent of Act.

28. Short title and commencement. Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to consolidate the enacti

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) The Postmaster-General may, with the consent of Power of

the Treasury, authorise any of his officers to receive deposits Postmastor-for remittance to the principal office, and to repay those deposits, to

under arrangements made by the Postmaster-General with the deposits, concurrence of the Treasury.

(2) Deposits so made shall be known as deposits made in a post office savings bank. 2

2. —(1) The Postmaster-General, with the consent of the General power Treasury, may make regulations for superintending, inspecting to

and regulating the manner in which depositors’ accounts are kept regulat'OII#* and examined, and with respect to the making of deposits and to the withdrawal of deposits and interest, and all other matters incidental to the carrying of this Act into execution in his department

(2) Regulations under this section may provide—

(a) for applying to post office savings banks all or any

of the provisions of the enactments relating to trustee savings banks, either without modification or with such modifications as may seem necessary or proper for the better execution of this Act;

(b) for prescribing the means by which particular facts may

be proved and the manner in which evidence thereof

Miscellaneous

23. Commissioners* staff.

Supplemental

office savings banks.

General

6tt

Post Office Savings Bank

Act, 1954

2 & 3Euz.2

may be given, and for authorising the Postmaster-General to treat proof of any particular facts given in the manner prescribed by the regulations as conclusive evidence of those facts for the purpose of the payment or transfer of any sum.

Provisions as to deposits

Making of 3.—(i) Every deposit received by an officer of the Postmaster-

<top0"ts* General appointed for that purpose shall be entered by him at the time in the depositor’s book, and the entry shall be attested by him and by the dated stamp of his office.

(2) The amount of the deposit shall on the day of its receipt

be reported by the said officer of the Postmaster-General, and, subject to the following provisions of this section, the acknowledgment of the Postmaster-General, signified by the officer appointed for the purpose, shall be forthwith transmitted to the depositor. j

(3) The said acknowledgment shall be conclusive evidence of the depositor’s claim to repayment of the deposit, with the interest thereon, on demand made by him on the Postmaster-General and, in order to allow a reasonable time for the receipt of the said acknowledgment,—

(a) the entry by the proper officer in the depositor’s book

shall also be conclusive evidence of title for ten days from the lodgment of the deposit, and

(b) if the said acknowledgment is not received by the depositor through the post within ten days, and, before or on the expiry of that period of ten days, he demands the said acknowledgment from the Postmaster-General, the entry in his book shall be conclusive evidence of title during another term of ten days, and so on.

(4) In tht case of deposits not exceeding one pound, or such higher maximum amount as may be fixed by regulations made by the Postmaster-General with the consent of the Treasury under this Act, the entry in the depositor’s book shall be conclusive evidence of the depositor’s claim to the repayment of the deposit, with the interest thereon, upon demand made by him on the Postmaster-General and the foregoing provisions of this section relating to the transmission of the acknowledgment of the Postmaster-General shall not apply.

(5) Deposits under this section shall not be of less amount than one shilling or of any sum which is not a multiple of a shilling.

1954

Post Office Savings Bank

Act, 1954

Ch. 62

649

4. —(1) The Treasury may by order limit the amount which may be received by way of deposit by the Postmaster-General from any person whatsoever either in one year or in the aggregate.

(2) An order under this section—

(a) may fix different limits as respects different classes of persons,

(h) may provide that any limit fixed by the order shall have effect subject to any exceptions or exclusions specified in the order,

(c) may contain special provisions with respect to deposi-

tors whose deposits at the date on which the order takes effect exceed the limit fixed by the order as regards deposits,

() may contain such consequential and supplemental provisions as appear to the Treasury to be necessary for giving full effect to the order,

(e) may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order, and

</) shall have effect as if enacted in this Act.

(3) The power of making orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and a draft of such a statutory instrument shall be laid before Parliament.

(4) For the purposes of this section and any order made under this section each account opened by the Public Trustee in the post office savings bank shall be deemed to be the account of a separate depositor but the Public Trustee shall not open more than one account in relation to any one trust.

5. —(1) The interest payable to depositors shall be at the rate of two pounds ten shillings per cent, per annum, but that interest shall not be calculated on any amount less than one pound or some multiple of a pound, and shall not commence until the first day of the month next following the day of deposit, and shall cease on the first day of the month in which the deposit is withdrawn.

(2) The said interest shall be calculated to the thirty-first day of December in every year, and shall be added to and become part of the principal money.

6. On demand by the depositor, or a person legally authorised to claim on behalf of a depositor, made in the prescribed form, for repayment of a deposit, or part of a deposit, the authority of the Postmaster-General for repayment shall be transmitted to the depositor forthwith, and the depositor shall be absolutely entitled within ten days after his demand is made to repayment at qny Post Office where deposits are received or paid of any sum due to him.

x*

Limit on amount of deposits.

Payment of interest on deposits.

Withdrawal

650

_ 62

C» • Post Office Savings Bank 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

1954

Regulations 7.-—(1) The power of the Postmaster-General with the consent

as to deposits. 0t the Treasury to make regulations under this Act shall include power to make regulations for any of the following purposes—

(a) for prescribing what declaration shall be required from a depositor, other than the Public Trustee, on opening an account in a post office savings bank;

(b) for the payment or transfer of sums in any post office

savings bank which belong to persons appearing to be minors or of unsound mind, or form part of the personal estate of any person appearing to be deceased;

(c) for the transfer of deposits from one account to another

account, whether an existing or a new account; id) for determining the receipts which are to be a good discharge to the Postmaster-General in the case of the payment or transfer of any sum;

(e) for the addition of one or more names to an account

already in a post office savings bank;

(f) for authorising the Postmaster-General for the purpose

of the payment or transfer of any sum to treat any person as having been domiciled in the place in which he was resident at the date of his death;

(g) for directing that, except as provided by the regulations,

no entry with respect to any trust, express, implied or constructive, shall be made in the account of any depositor, and that, except as aforesaid, no notice of any such trust shall be receivable by the Postmaster-General;

ih) for determining the date on which a deposit is to be deemed to be withdrawn, and for prescribing the method by which payment of sums withdrawn is to be made;

(/) for the nomination by a depositor not being under sixteen years of age of any person to whom any sum payable to the depositor at his decease (including any portion of any savings bank annuity or accrued interest payable to the representatives of the depositor) is to be paid at the decease;

(/) for the manner in which any such nomination may be revoked by the depositor, and for the circumstances in which it is to be treated as having ceased to be operative, and for the payment of the specified amount to any nominee so nominated;

(k) for directing that any person acting as witness to a nomination shall be disqualified from taking thereunder;

(/) for authorising the Postmaster-General to treat as a depositor in a post office savings bank any person named as nominee in any nomination who dies after

954

Post Office Savings Bank

Acts 1954

Ch. 62

651

the death of the nominator but before receiving payment of the sum to be paid to him under the nomination;

(m) for providing that where any person to whom any sum, being the whole or any part of the deposit of a deceased depositor, is payable is unable by reason of any incapacity whatsoever to give a legal discharge therefor the sum may be paid to any person undertaking to maintain the incapacitated person.

(2) Where the sum in a post office savings bank which forms part of the personal estate of a person appearing to be deceased does not exceed one hundred pounds, then, if the regulations under this Act so provide, and subject to such regulations, probate or other proof of the title of the personal representative of the deceased person may be dispensed with, and the sum may be paid or distributed to or among persons appearing in manner provided by the said regulations to be beneficially entitled to the personal estate of the deceased person, whether under such nomination of the deceased as is allowed by the regulations, or by law, or as next of kin, or as creditors, or otherwise, or to or among any one or more of such persons, exclusively of the others, or in case of any illegitimacy of the deceased person or his children, to or among such person or persons as may be directed by the said regulations; and the person making such a payment shall be discharged from all liability in respect of the sum paid in accordance with the said regulations.

8.—(1) If a dispute arises between the Postmaster-General and—

(a) an individual depositor, or

(b) a person who is or claims to be the personal represen-

tative or next of kin or creditor of a depositor, or the trustee in bankruptcy or assignee of a depositor who is bankrupt or insolvent, or

(c) a person who claims to be entitled to money deposited

in the bank,

the matter in dispute shall be referred in writing to the Registrar.

(2) Upon the reference of the dispute the Registrar shall have power to proceed ex parte on giving notice in writing to the Postmaster-General.

(3) Any award, order or determination made by the Registrar shall be binding and conclusive on all parties and shall be final to all intents and purposes, without any appeal.

(4) On a reference under this section the Registrar may inspect any books belonging to the Postmaster-General, relating to the matter in dispute, and may administer an oath to any witness appearing before him.

X. 2

Settlement of disputes.

652

Ch. 62

Fees taken by Registrar on reference of disputes.

Secrecy.

Transfer of deposits to other savings banks.

Post Office Savings Bank 2 & 3 Euz.2

Act, 1954

(5) The powers and duties of the Registrar under this section, except so far as relates to disputes between the Postmaster-General and a depositor or a person claiming through or under a depositor, may be transferred to and vested in such penom as the Treasury may by statutory instrument appoint

9. —(1) The Treasury may by warrant direct that there shall be charged upon any award, order or determination made by the Registrar under the last foregoing section, such reasonable fee as may be fixed by the warrant of the Treasury.

(2) Every such fee shall be paid into the Exchequer, and shall be paid by such persons and in such manner as may be directed by the warrant.

(3) No fee which is not allowed by the warrant shall be charged or taken in respect of any matter for which a fee can be charged under this section.

(4) The power of making warrants under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and a draft of any statutory instrument under this section shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament for at least forty days before the statutory instrument is made, but section six of the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946 (which provides that statutory instruments of which drafts are to be laid before Parliament shall not be made until the expiration of a period of forty days during which either House may resolve that the instrument be not made), shall not apply to a statutory instrument under this section.

10. —(1) The officers of the Postmaster-General engaged in the receipt or payment of deposits shall not disclose the name of any depositor nor the amount deposited or withdrawn, except to the Postmaster-General, or to such of his officers as may be concerned with carrying this Act into operation.

(2) This section shall have effect subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of section twenty-nine of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to the obtaining of information as to interest paid or credited by a post office savings bank without deduction of tax).

11. —(1) If a depositor under this Act desires to transfer the deposit to a trustee savings bank he shall, on application to the Postmaster-General, be given a certificate stating the whole amount due to him, with interest, and thereupon his account under this Act shall be closed.

(2) On delivery of the certificate to the savings bank to which the depositor proposes to transfer the deposit, that bank may, if they think fit, open an account for the amount stated in the certificate for the depositor, who shall thereupon be subject to the rules of the bank.

1954

Post Office Savings Bank

Act, 1954

Ch. 62

653

(3) The amount so transferred shall, upon the certificate being forwarded to the Commissioners be written off in the books of the Commissioners from the amount of moneys received under this Act, and shall be carried to the account of the savings bank to which the transfer has been made.

(4) Where the account stands in the name of a minor, or of a minor and any other person, the Postmaster-General, on an application in writing by the parent or other relative of the minor if under seven years of age, and by the minor himself if above that age, and also by the other person, if any, in whose name the account stands, shall issue a certificate for the transfer of the account and of all moneys standing to the credit of the account, according to the foregoing provisions of this section.

(5) The said account so transferred shall be opened in the bank to which it is transferred in the name of the minor alone, or, as the case may be, of the minor and the said other person and the receipt of the person or persons making the application and receiving ithe transfer certificate shall be a sufficient discharge to the Postmaster-General.

(6) Money transferred under subsection (4) of this section shall not be withdrawn, except with the consent of two of the trustees or managers of the bank to which the transfer is made, until the minor has attained the age at which it might have been withdrawn from the post office savings bank, a note whereof shall be made on the said certificate.

12.—(1) If a depositor in a trustee savings bank desires to Transfer of transfer the amount due to him, with interest, from the bank deposit fro® to a post office savings bank, the trustees and managers of the ^crssavm8s savings bank shall at his request give the depositor a certificate in a form to be approved by the Commissioners, signed by one trustee or manager, and thereupon his account with that bank shall be closed:

Provided that where the bank is open for more than six hours in every week the certificate may be signed by a paid officer of the bank who has been duly appointed for that purpose and whose appointment has been previously certified to the Commissioners by two trustees (instead of being signed by a trustee or manager). 2 3

(2) The depositor may deliver the said certificate to any officer of the Postmaster-General authorised to receive deposits under this Act and the certificate for the amount therein set out shall be considered to be a deposit made under this Act.

(3) Upon the certificate being forwarded to the Commissioners, the said amount shall be transferred in the books of the Commissioners from the account of the first-mentioned savings

654

2 & 3 Euz.2

Post Office Savings Bank

, 1954

baflk to the 'Post Office Savings Banks Fund (that is to say the Fund into which under the following provisions of this Act money deposited under this Act is to be paid).

(4) Where the account stands in the name of a minor, or o| a minor and any other person, the trustees of the first-mentioned savings bank, on an application in writing by the parent ot other relative of the minor if under seven years of age, and of the minor himself if above that age, and also by the other person, if any, in whose name the account stands, shall issue a certificate for the transfer of the account and of all moneys standing to the credit of the account, according to the foregoing provisions of this section.

The provisions of this subsection shall have effect notwithstanding anything in the rules of the bank.

(5) The said account so transferred shall be opened in the post office savings bank in the name of the minor alone, or, as the case may be, of the minor and the said other person, and the receipt of the person or persons making (the application and receiving the transfer certificate shall be a sufficient discharge to the trustees of the first-mentioned savings bank.

(6) Money transferred under subsection (4) of this section

shall not be withdrawn, except with the consent of the Postmaster-General, until the minor has attained the age at! which it might have been withdrawn under the rules of the; savings bank from which it was transferred, a note whereof shall be made on the said certificate. I

Transfer of 13.—(1) The Postmaster-General may enter into an arrange-

deposits from ment with any government savings bank authority in any! and to overseas country for the transfer of sums standing to the credit of j savings an s. depositors from such a government savings bank to the post;

office savings bank, or from the post office savings bank to such; a government savings bank.

(2) Wherever such an arrangement has been made, the Post-! master-General may place any amount transferred in pursuance of those arrangements to the post office savings bank to the credit of a depositor’s account in that bank, although the amount transferred may exceed the amount which a depositor may deposit in any one savings bank year, but no amount shall be so credited which shall make the total amount standing to the credit of the account exceed the maximum for the time being allowed by law.

i

(3) Regulations made under this Act by the Postmaster-General, with the consent of the Treasury, may provide for any. matters necessary to give effect to transfers authorised in pursuance of this section.

1954

Post Office Savings Bank

Act., 1954

Ch. 62

655

14. —(1) Subject to the provisions of any regulations under Deposits by this Act (and subject to any order under section four of this charitable Act), the trustees or treasurer of any penny savings bank, chant- societies, etc. able or provident institution or society, or charitable donation

or bequest for the maintenance, education or benefit of the poor may invest the funds of the penny savings bank, institution or society in a post office savings bank.

(2) No person who is a member of any such charitable institution as aforesaid or of any friendly society or penny savings bank shall, by reason of being a depositor in a post office savings bank, be considered as subject or liable to any penalty, forfeiture or disability declared or expressed, or intended so to be, by or in the rules, orders or regulations of the institution, society or penny savings bank.

(3) The Postmaster-General may defray all or any of the expenses of a penny savings bank which has a deposit account with a post office savings bank.

(4) It is hereby declared that nothing in this section is to be construed as imposing any obligation on the Postmaster-General as respects his receiving any funds.

15. An annual account of all deposits received and paid under Annual this Act, and all the expenses incurred during each year ending account of on the thirty-first day of December, together with a statement of

die total amount due at the close of the year to all depositors shall parliament, be laid by the Postmaster-General before Parliament not later than the last day of July in every year.

Management of money deposited in post office savings

banks

16.—(1) All sums withdrawn by or on behalf of depositors Money to be shall be repaid through a post office savings bank out of paid over to money deposited under this Act and all expenses incurred in National Debt die execution of this Act shall be paid out of money so deposited.

(2) The balance of the money deposited under this Act remaining after the payment of sums withdrawn by or on behalf of depositors shall forthwith be paid over to the Commissioners for investment:

Provided that the Commissioners need not invest so much as is required to pay the said expenses incurred in the execution of this Act

656

Ch. 62

Post Office Savings Bank

Act, 1954

2 & 3 E

(3) Regulations made under this Act by the Postmaster-General, with the consent of the Treasury, may provide for the time at which and the manner in which—

(a) the balance mentioned in the last foregoing subsection

is to be ascertained and

(b) the expenses mentioned in that section are to be paid or repaid.

Securities in which the Commissioners may invest.

17.—(1) Money to be invested under the last foregoing section shall be invested—.

(a) in Parliamentary securities created or issued under the

authority of an Act of Parliament where those securities are securities for the interest on which provision is made by Parliament or are securities directly chargeable on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or

(b) in stock or debentures or other securities expressly

guaranteed by authority of Parliament or the due payment of the interest on which is expressly guaranteed by authority of Parliament or

(c) in securities which are issued in respect of a loan raised

by the Government of Northern Ireland or the interest on which is for the time being guaranteed by the Parliament of Northern Ireland, or

(d) in Exchequer Bills.

(2) The Commissioners shall keep a separate account of all receipts, investments, sales and repayments under this Act

Annual 18.—(1) The Commissioners shall annually make out an

income account with respect to the year ending on thirty-first day of account. December, showing on the one side the interest accrued in respect of the securities standing to the credit of the account kept by the Commissioners in the name of the Postmaster-General (which account is hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Post Office Savings Banks Fund "), and showing on the other side the interest paid and credited to depositors in pursuance of this Act, and die expenses incurred in the execution of this Act.

(2) An account under this section shall be laid before Parliament on or before the last day of July after the end of the year for which it is made, if Parliament be then sitting, or if not, within one week after the then next meeting of Parliament

Adjustment of balances on income accounts.

19.—(1) Where the annual account mentioned in the last foregoing section shows that in the year for which the account is made up the gross amount of interest accrued from securities standing in the name of the Commissioners to the credit of the Post Office Savings Banks Fund exceeded—

(a) the interest paid and credited in the year to depositors in pursuance of this Act, and

954 Post Office Savings Bank Ch. 62 657

Act, 1954

(b} the expenses (including a sum, to be determined by the Treasury, to provide against depreciation in the value of the securities) incurred during the year in the execution of this Act,

the Commissioners shall, within three months after the date m which the account is laid before Parliament, cause the amount t)f the surplus to be paid out of the said Fund into the Exchequer, in such manner as may be agreed between the Treasury and the Commissioners.

(2) Where the said annual account shows with respect to the year for which the account is made up that the gross amount of interest accrued from the securities standing in the name of the Commissioners to the credit of the said Fund was less than——

(a) the interest paid and credited to depositors in pursuance

of tins Act, and

(b) the expenses (including a sum, to be determined by the Treasury, to provide against depreciation in the value of the securities) incurred in the execution of this Act,

an amount equal to the deficiency shall, at such times as the Treasury may direct, be paid into that Fund out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof.

(3) If the Post Office Savings Banks Fund is insufficient to meet the claims of all depositors, the Treasury may, on being informed thereof by the Commissioners, issue the amount of the deficiency out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or out of the growing produce thereof; and the Treasury shall certify the deficiency to Parliament.

20. —(1) The Commissioners in conjunction with the Post- Annual master-General shall, at the close of each year ending on the s.ta^®n®nt of thirty-first day of December, prepare a statement showing the ,abUltie8* aggregate amount of the liabilities of the Government to depositors in post office savings banks at that date, and the

nature and amount of the securities held by the Commissioners to meet those liabilities.

(2) The statement so prepared shall be laid before Parliament not later than the last day of June in each year. 21

21. The annual accounts of the Postmaster-General, and of Audit of the Commissioners, to the thirty-first day of December in each aC00UDts* year in respect of all money deposited or, as the case may be invested under this Act, shall annually, before the thirty-first day

of March in each year, be submitted for examination and audit to the Comptroller and Auditor General.

658

Ch. 62

Post Office Savings Bank

Act, 1954

2 &3EUZ.2

Certain sums to be included in expenses of Postmaster-General and Commissioners.

22.—(1) For the purposes of this Act the expenses incurred in the execution of this Act by the Postmaster-General and the Commissioners respectively shall be deemed to include—

(a) such sum as, in the opinion of the Treasury, approxi mately represents the amount in each year of tta accruing liability in respect of the benefits for whid any officers or persons employed by the Postmaster General and the Commissioners respectively in tin execution of this Act will on their retirement becon* eligible under the Superannuation Acts,

(b) such proportion of the salary, or of the said accruing liability in respect of superannuation benefits, of an] officer or person who is so employed in part only i| the execution of this Act, as, in the opinion of tin Treasury, is attributable to the execution of this Act

(c) any capital expenditure incurred in providing premise*

wholly used by the Commissioners for the purposes oi this Act and such part of any such expenditure incurred in providing premises partly used as aforesaid as was, in the opinion of the Treasury, incurred for those purposes,

(d) in the case of any premises occupied by the Postmasteri General and the Commissioners respectively wholly or partly for the purposes of this Act and in respect of which no rent is payable, such an amount as is estimated by the Treasury to represent the rental value of the premises or of that part of the premises used for the said purposes, after allowing for any capital expenditure incurred as aforesaid which has been taken into account as expenses incurred in the execution of this Act.

(2) If in any case where any capital expenditure incurred as aforesaid has been taken into account as expenses incurred in the execution of this Act, the .premises in respect of which the expenditure was incurred are sold or cease to be used for the said purposes, there shall be deducted from the amount thereafter to be taken into account for the purposes of this Act such sum as may be determined by the Treasury to represent the then value of the premises or of that part of the premises which was used for the said purposes. 3

(3) No capital expenditure incurred by the Postmaster-General after the ninth day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-two (that is to say the date of the passing of the Post Office and Telegraph (Money) Act, 1952) shall be included in the expenses incurred in the execution of this Act but in relation to such capital expenditure incurred before that date paragraphs (c) and () of

1954 Post Office Savings Bank Ch. 62 659

Act, 1954

subsection (1) of this section and subsection (2) of this section shall have effect as if the reference to the Commissioners in the said paragraph (c) included a reference to the Postmaster-General.

Miscellaneous

23. The Commissioners may employ such clerks and other Comma-officers as may be necessary for the purposes of this Act, and w00*8’Staff* the remuneration of those clerks or other officers shall be determined by the Treasury and shall be included among the expenses incurred in the execution of this Act which are to be defrayed in accordance with section sixteen of this Act.

Supplemental

24. —(1) The power of making regulations under this Act Provisions as to shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and a draft of any regulations, such statutory instrument shall be laid before Parliament.

(2) Regulations made under this Act shall have effect as if enacted in this Act

25. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires— Interpretation.

" the Commissioners ’* means the National Debt Commissioners;

" friendly society " means a friendly society registered in the manner required by the Acts for the time being in force relating to friendly societies and includes a registered branch of a friendly society;

"penny savings bank’* means a bank the rules of which fix a sum not exceeding five pounds as the maximum amount which may stand to the credit of any one depositor therein at any one time, and which provide, upon the attainment of that maximum amount, for its transfer to an account opened in the depositor’s own name in the savings bank where the deposit account of the penny savings bank is kept;

" post office savings bank " and " Post Office Savings Banks Fund " have the meanings respectively assigned to them by sections one and eighteen of this Act;

" the Registrar " has the meaning assigned to it by section one hundred and six of the Friendly Societies Act,

1896;

44 trustee savings bank " means a bank certified under the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863, or any Act re-enacting the provisions of that Act.

660

Repeal and transitional provisions.

Extent of Act.

Short title and commencement.

Section 26.

Ch. 62 Post Office Savings Bank 2 & 3 Buz. 2

Act, 1954

26. —(1) The enactments and regulations set out in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) Nothing in the repeal of the said enactments shall affect any instrument made or other thing whatsoever done under any enactment repealed by this Act and every instrument or other thing made or done under any enactment reproduced in dm Act shall continue in force and, so far as it could have bees made or done under this Act, shall have effect as if made or done under the corresponding provision of this Act

(3) Any enactment or other document whatsoever referring to any enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring (or including a reference) to die corresponding enactment in this Act.

(4) The mention of particular matters in this section shall not be held to prejudice or affect the general application of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, with regard to the effect of repeals.

27. This Act shall extend to Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands.

28. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1954.

(2) This Act shall come into operation at the expiration of a period of two months beginning with the date on which it is passed.

SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

9 Geo. 4. c. 92

3 A 4 Will. 4.

c. 14.

5 & 6 Will. 4.

c. 57.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 83

The Savings Bank Act, 1828.

The Savings Bank Act, 1833.

The Savings Bank Act, 1835.

The Savings Bank Act,

The whole Act except so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

The whole Act except so for as relates to trustee savings banks.

The whole Act except so for as relates to trustee savings banks.

The whole Act.

1844.

22 & 23 Vict, c. 53.

24 & 25 Vict, c. 14.

The Savings Bank The whole Act (Charitable Societies)

Act, 1859.

The Post Office Savings The whole Act. Bank Act, 1861.

1954

Post Office Savings Bank

Act, 1954

Ch. 62

661

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

26 & 27 Vict, c. 14.

29 & 30 Vict c. 5.

32 & 33 Vict, c. 59.

37 & 38 Vict, c. 73.

39 & 40 Vict, c. 52.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 13.

50 & 51 Vict, c. 40.

The Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1863.

The Savings Bank Investment Act 1866.

The Savings Bank Investment Act 1869.

The Post Office Savings Bank Act 1874.

The Savings Banks (Barrister) Act 1876.

The Customs, Inland Revenue and Savings Banks Act 1877.

The Savings Banks Act 1887.

Section one.

The whole Act except so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

The whole Act except so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

The whole Act.

The whole Act except so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

Section fourteen.

Section seventeen except so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

Sections one and three except so far as relates to trustee savings

banks.

54 & 55 Vict The Savings Banks Act, c. 21. 1891.

4 Edw. 7. c. 8

The Savings Banks Act, 1904.

8 Edw. 7. c. 8

10 A11 Geo. 5. c. 12.

The Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1908.

The Savings Banks Act, 1920.

Section eight

Sections twelve and thirteen.

In section twelve, subsection (2) except so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

Sections fifteen to nineteen except so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

Section two except so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

Section nine except so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

Section twelve.

Sections thirteen to sixteen except so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

The whole Act.

Section one so far as relates to post office savings banks.

Sections three and four except so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

19 A20 Geo. 5. c. 27.

8 A 9 Geo. 6. c. 12.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 35.

The Savings Banks Act, 1929.

The Northern Ireland (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1945.

The Finance Act, 1947.

Section six except so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

In section ten, the first paragraph in subsection (2) and in subsection (3), the words "the Post Office savings bank and *.

Sections five, ten and thirteen except so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

In section twenty, subsection (2) except so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

In section seven, subsection (2) except so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

In section seventy-two, subsection

(1).

Sch.—com.

662

Sch .—cent.

C^'6i

Post Office Savings Bank 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Industrial Assur- In section nineteen, in subsection

c. 39. ance and Friendly Societies Act, 1948. (5), in paragraph (a) the words " section twenty-seven of the Savings Bank Act, 1828 ", and paragraph (b).

12 & 13 Geo. 6. The Savings Banks Act, In section seven, subsection (2) except so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

c. 13. 1949.

15 A 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 34. The Post Office and Telegraph (Money) Act, 1952. Section two.

Regulations Revoked

The Trustee Savings Banks Regulations, 1929.

In the Second Schedule, the entry relating to forms under section ten of the Pott Office Savings Bank Act, 1861.

coo

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863 Interpretation Act, 1889 Friendly Societies Act, 1896 Statutory Instruments Act, 1946 Income Tax Act, 1952 Post Office and Telegraph (Money) Act, 1952 26 & 27 Vict. c. 87. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63. 59 & 60 Vict. c. 25. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36. 15 A 16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz.2c. 10. 15 A 16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2 c. X

1954

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954

Ch. 63

663

CHAPTER 63

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Establishment of trustee savings banks

Section

1. Conditions under which a savings bank may obtain the benefit of this

Act.

2. Requirements as to bank rules.

3. Certification of a trustee savings bank.

The Inspection Committee

4. Constitution of the Inspection Committee.

General provisions as to conduct of trustee savings banks

5. Title of a trustee savings bank.

6. Amendment of bank rules.

7. General provisions as to bank rules.

8. Objects on which a trustee savings bank may expend money.

9. Bank property to be held by custodian trustees.

10. Power to buy and sell property.

Distinction between ordinary deposits and sums received for special investment

11. Ordinary deposits and special investments.

Ordinary deposits

12. Limits on amounts of ordinary deposits.

13. Payment of interest on ordinary deposits.

14. Transfer of deposits to other trustee savings banks.

Sums received for special investment

15. Limits on sums which may be received for special investment.

16. Other restrictions on special investments.

General provisions as to deposits

17. Prohibition on making a deposit in more than one bank.

18. Particulars to be disclosed by a depositor.

19. Power to relax requirements of rules as to receipt and repayment of

deposits.

20. Settlement of disputes.

21. Regulations as to deposits.

22. Deposits by trustees.

23. Payments to persons under 21.

Investments by charitable , etc., in

trustee savings banks

24. Deposits by charitable societies, etc.

Investments by trustee savings banks

25. Investments by trustee savings banks.

The fund for the Banks for Savings

26. Investment in Fund for the Banks for Savings.

27. Issue of interest-bearing receipts.

28. Money belonging to branch banks.

29. Crediting of interest to trustee savings banks.

30. Withdrawals from Fund.

31. Interest on sums withdrawn by banks.

664

Trustee Savings Banks A; 1954 2 & 3 Euz 2

<$3

Management of Fund for the Banks for Savings

32. Investment of money in Fund.

33. Power to hold cash balance in Bank of Ireland.

34. Annual account as between Commissioners and trustee savings banks.

35. Certain expenses to be defrayed out of surplus income of the Fond.

36. Adjustment of balances.

37. Annual statement of liabilities of Exchequer to banks.

The separate surplus fund

38. The separate surplus fund.

Special investments

39. Conditions subject to which a bank may make special investments.

40. Commissioners* power of control.

41. Powers of investing money received for special investment.

42. Establishment of a guarantee fund to meet deficiencies on special

investment accounts.

43. Discontinuance of special investment business.

44. Power to borrow on security of special investment funds.

45. Purchase of property out of special investment surplus.

Returns and accounts to be prepared by trustee savings banks

46. Weekly returns.

47. Annual statements.

48. Statements of expenses.

Supervision of trustee savings banks

49. Powers and duties of Inspection Committee.

50. Appointment of Commissioner to examine affairs of trustee savings

bank.

Amalgamation and mutual assistance

51. Power to amalgamate.

52. Advances by trustee savings banks for development

53. Grants by trustee savings banks for benefit of other trustee savings banks.

Closing of trustee savings banks

54. Consent of Commissioners required for closing a bank.

55. Sale of property on closing a bank.

56. Procedure available on closing a bank.

Officers and employees of trustee savings banks

57. Security to be given by officers and others.

58. Persons failing to account for money received from depositors.

59. Liability of trustees and managers.

60. Recovery of property of a bank from officers.

61. Priority of debts owned by bank officers to the bank.

62. Office of trustee to be vacated for non-attendance at meetings.

63. Appointment of auditors.

Superannuation of officers and employees

64. Superannuation allowances to, and gratuities in case of death of, officers

of trustee savings banks.

65. Allocation of part of superannuation benefits to dependants.

66. Corresponding provision for officers of Inspection Committee.

67. Superannuation payments for transferred officers.

68. Establishment of superannuation reserves.

69. Establishment of contributory superannuation funds.

General default powers of Commissioners

70. General default powers of Commissioners.

1954

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

Ch. 63

665

Miscellaneous

Section

71. Accounts to be presented by Commissioners.

72. Keeping by banks of ledgers, accounts, registers and minute books.

73. Form of documents.

74. Rules of bank for authentication of documents.

75. Advances to new banks.

76. Fees taken by Registrar.

77. Exemption from stamp duty.

78. Indemnity for Bank of England, etc.

79. Commissioners’ staff.

80. Use of title of certified savings bank by unauthorised persons.

Supplemental and general

81. Interpretation.

82. Repeals and savings.

83. Application to Northern Ireland.

84. Application of Act to banks in Republic of Ireland.

85. Application to Isle of Man and Channel Islands.

86. Short title and commencement.

Schedules

First Schedule.—Matters to be covered by the rules of a bank which is to have the benefit of this Act.

Second Schedule.—Withdrawals from the Fund for the Banks for Savings.

Third Schedule.—Repeals.

An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to trustee savings banks.

[25th November, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Establishment of trustee savings banks

1.—(1) A savings bank shall have the benefit of this Act Conditions (including the privilege of paying money into the Bank of under which England or the Bank of Ireland in return for interest-bearing receipts) if the conditions set out in this and the following the benefit of section are fulfilled. this Act.

(2) A savings bank shall not have the benefit of this Act unless its formation was sanctioned and approved by the National Debt Commissioners (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Commissioners ") or on their behalf by the Comptroller-General or Assistant Comptroller of the National Debt Office:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any savings bank formed before the twenty-eighth day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-three (that is to say the date on which the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863, was passed).

(3) In this and the two next following sections the expression " savings bank " means a society formed in the United Kingdom

666

Trustee Savings Banks Ac, 1954 2 & 3 Buz. 2

Requirements as to bank rules.

Certification of a trustee savings bank.

Constitution of the Inspection Committee.

for the purpose of establishing and maintaining an institution in the nature of a bank—

(a) to accept deposits of money for the benefit of the person!

making the deposits, and

(b) to accumulate the produce of the deposits (so far as not withdrawn) at compound interest, and

(c) to return the deposits and produce to the depositor!

after deducting any necessary expenses of management but without deriving any benefit from the deposits or produce.

2. —(1) A savings bank shall not have the benefit of this Act unless the rules of the bank expressly provide for the matters set out in the First Schedule to this Act nor unless those rules-

(a) have been certified and deposited with the Commis-

sioners in pursuance of this section, and

(b) have been entered in a book to be kept by an officer

of the bank appointed for that purpose which is to be open at all proper times for inspection by depositors.

(2) For the purpose of ascertaining whether the rules are in conformity with law and with the provisions of this Act, two copies of all the rules of the bank signed by two trustees of the bank shall be submitted by the trustees and managers of the bank to the Registrar.

(3) The Registrar shall certify on each copy that the rules are in conformity with law and with the provisions of this Act or point out in what respect they are repugnant thereto.

(4) One of the copies when so certified shall be returned to the savings bank and the other copy shall be deposited by the Registrar with the Commissioners.

3. A savings bank established under this Act shall be certified under this Act by the title of " savings bank certified under the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 " and a bank certified under this Act or the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863, is hereafter in this Act referred to as a " trustee savings bank ".

The Inspection Committee

4. —(1) There shall be an Inspection Committee of trustee savings banks with the several powers and duties conferred by the following provisions of this Act.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the term of office of members of the Committee and the making of appointments, and the powers, procedure and duties of the Committee shall continue to be governed by the scheme made under section two of the Savings Banks Act, 1891, in the same manner as immediately before the commencement of this Act.

1954

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

Ch. 63

667

(3) The Committee may, with the approval of the Commissioners, modify the said scheme, and the modification shall be laid before Parliament.

(4) A paid officer of a trustee savings bank shall not be eligible to be a member of the Committee.

(5) The Committee may act by a majority of the members present and voting at any meeting of the Committee, and may signify their acts by an instrument in writing signed by any two of the members of the Committee, and an act of the Committee shall not be invalid by reason only of any vacancy in their number.

(6) The Committee may, with the approval of the Treasury, appoint such officers as may appear to be required for the execution of the duties of the Committee under this Act

(7) The members of the Committee shall be entitled to such remuneration by way of fees or otherwise as may be approved by the Treasury.

General provisions as to conduct of trustee savings banks

5. A trustee savings bank may not be designated or described Title of a in any manner which imports that the Government is responsible trustee

or liable to depositors for money placed in the safe keeping of savin88 bank the bank, and may not bear any title other than that of " savings bank certified under the Act of 1863 " or, as the case may be,

" savings bank certified under the Trustee Savings Banks Act,

1954 " with such additional local description, if any, as may be required for the sake of distinctiveness.

6. —(1) No alteration, amendment or repeal of the rules of a Amendment trustee savings bank shall take effect until it has been entered of bank rules, in the book mentioned in section two of this Act. 2 3

(2) Two copies of any alterations or amendments of the rules signed by two trustees shall as soon as possible be submitted by the trustees of the bank to the Registrar and the Registrar shall certify on each copy that they are in conformity with law and with the provisions of this Act or point out in what respect they are repugnant thereto:

Provided that a rule making any alteration as respects the days or hours of attendance need not be submitted to the Registrar.

(3) One of the copies when so certified shall be returned to the trustee savings bank and the other copy shall be deposited by the Registrar with the Commissioners.

668

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 2 & 3 Euz.2

General provisions as to bank rules.

Objects on which a trustee savings bank may expend money.

Bank property to be held by custodian trustees.

7<—(1) Subject to subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, the rules of a trustee savings bank, and any alterations or amend' ments of those rules, shall, from the time when they are certified by the Registrar, be binding on the trustees, managers and officers of the bank and on the depositors.

(2) The copy of any rules of a trustee savings bank* toms' mitted under this Act to the Commissioners or a true copy examined with the original copy so transmitted, and proved to be a true copy, shall be admissible as evidence of the rules in all cases.

(3) No order of certiorari shall be made to remove any rules of a trustee savings bank into the High Court

8. —(1) Any expenditure incurred by a trustee savings bank which, in the opinion of the Commissioners, is calculated to further the objects of the bank shall be deemed to be necessary expenses within the meaning of section one of this Act.

(2) The trustees of a trustee savings bank may, with the consent of the Commissioners given after consultation with the Inspection Committee and the Association, and subject to such conditions as the Commissioners after such consultation as aforesaid may impose either generally or in the case of any particular bank, undertake any business which is, in the opinion of the Commissioners, calculated to encourage thrift and within the financial capacity of the bank.

(3) The trustees of a trustee savings bank may defray all or any of the expenses of a penny savings bank which has a deposit account with the trustee savings bank.

(4) Any expenses properly incurred by a bank in carrying on such a business as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, and any expenses defrayed under subsection (3) of this section shall be deemed to be necessary expenses within the meaning of section one of this Act.

(5) In this Act the expression " the Association " means the association registered under the Companies Acts, 1908 to 1917, by the name of the Trustee Savings Banks Association.

9. —(1) All property of whatsoever description belonging to a trustee savings bank, including things in action or interests arising out of or incident to any property, shall be vested in the custodian trustees of the bank to be appointed under this section.

(2) It shall be the duty of the trustees of every trustee savings bank (in this section referred to as " the general trustees ") as soon as may be to appoint out of their own number four persons

954

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

Ch. 63

o be the custodian trustees of the bank, and from time to time, vhen a vacancy occurs in the number of the custodian trustees, o appoint out of their own number a person to fill the vacancy.

(3) If the general trustees of a trustee savings bank fail, within hree months after the occurrence of a vacancy in the number of the custodian trustees, to fill the vacancy the power of the general trustees to fill the vacancy shall be transferred to the Inspection Committee, and the Committee shall fill the vacancy accordingly.

(4) The Inspection Committee may, on the application of the general trustees of a trustee savings bank, remove any custodian trustee of the bank if, in the opinion of the Committee, he is unfit to continue in office or incapable of performing his duties, and a custodian trustee may, with the approval of the Inspection Committee, resign his office as such.

(5) A custodian trustee may continue to hold office as a general trustee, and may continue to hold office as custodian trustee notwithstanding that he has ceased to be a general trustee.

(6) All property of whatsoever description vested in any person in trust for a trustee savings bank at the date of the first appointment of the custodian trustees of the bank shall, by virtue of this Act, vest in the custodian trustees so appointed, and thereafter all property of whatsoever description vested in the custodian trustees of a trustee savings bank shall, on the occurrence of any vacancy in the number of custodian trustees or any change in the persons who are custodian trustees, by virtue of this Act, vest in the custodian trustees of the bank for the time being:

Provided that, on there ceasing to be any custodian trustees of a bank, the property shall thereupon, by virtue of this Act, vest in the general trustees of the bank until the appointment of new custodian trustees.

(7) The management of the property and the exercise of any power or discretion exercisable by the general trustees shall remain vested in the general trustees, and the custodian trustees shall concur in and perform all acts necessary to enable the general trustees to exercise their powers of management or other power or discretion vested in them.

(8) The custodian trustees of a trustee savings bank may sue and be sued by the name of " the Custodian Trustees for the

Trustee Savings Bank* without further description, and in all legal proceedings concerning any property of the bank the property may be stated to be the propeity of the custodian trustees of the bank:

670

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 2 & 3 Euz.2

Power to buy and sell property.

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect any proceedings by or against or relating to the property of a trustee savings bank, which are pending at the time of the first appointment of custodian trustees for that bank.

(9) The Commissioners shall in respect of each trustee savings bank keep a register of the custodian trustees of the bank, and shall enter in the register the date of the appointment of each custodian trustee and, on his vacating office, the date on which he vacates office.

(10) A certificate purporting to be signed by the Comptroller-General or Assistant Comptroller of the National Debt Office to the effect that the persons named in the certificate were on any specified date custodian trustees of a trustee savings bank or that any property mentioned in the certificate was, at the date of the first appointment of custodian trustees for a trustee savings bank, held by a person named in the certificate in trust for that bank shall be conclusive evidence for all purposes of the facts stated in the certificate.

(11) The general trustees of every trustee savings bank shall forthwith, after the appointment of custodian trustees, send to the Commissioners such particulars as the Commissioners may require for the purposes of the last two foregoing subsections, and thereafter shall from time to time send to the Commissioners such particulars as the Commissioners may require for the purposes of the said register.

(12) Any person acting in pursuance of any such certificate shall not by reason only of anything contained therein be affected with notice of any trust or of the fiduciary character of the persons named therein or of any fiduciary obligation attached to the holding of any property.

10.—(1) The trustees of a trustee savings bank shall have power, with the consent of the Commissioners, to purchase land or erect buildings for the purposes of the bank, and with the like consent to sell, exchange or lease any land or buildings acquired for the purposes of the bank, or any part of such land or buildings.

(2) No purchaser, assignee or tenant shall be bound to inquire as to the authority for, or consent of the Commissioners to, any sale, exchange or lease under this section and the receipt of the custodian trustees for the time being shall be a discharge for all moneys accruing from or in connection with such a sale, exchange or lease. 3

(3) The said moneys shall be accounted for, and the balance, after deducting the amount of any necessary expenses incurred

954

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954

Ch. 63

671

>y the trustees in connection with the sale, exchange or lease, hall be paid over to the Commissioners to be dealt with by them n accordance with the provisions of this Act relating to the eparate surplus fund.

(4) Any conveyance, lease, deed, act or thing executed, made >r done by such trustees for giving legal effect to any such sale, exchange or lease shall be valid and effectual to all intents and mrposes.

(5) A certificate signed by the Comptroller-General of the National Debt Office stating that a purchase of land has been made with the consent of the Commissioners and with the money telonging to a trustee savings bank shall be conclusive evidence thereof for all purposes.

(6) In this section the expression " land " includes hereditaments and chattels real and in Scotland heritable subjects of any description.

Distinction between ordinary deposits and sums received for special investment

11. —(1) Save as otherwise provided by this Act, all sums Ordinary

of money deposited with the trustees of a trustee savings bank deposits and shall be invested with the Commissioners in accordance with

the provisions of this Act in that behalf. investments.

(2) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, the trustees of a trustee savings bank may under the conditions laid down by the following provisions of this Act, and if the rules of the bank so provide, receive any sum of money from a depositor and apply it in any other manner for the benefit of the depositor. 3

(3) Deposits for investment under subsection (1) of this section are in this Act referred to as " ordinary deposits " and the investment of money received under subsection (2) of this section is in this Act referred to as " special investment ".

Ordinary deposits

12. —(1) The Treasury may by order limit the amount which Limits on

may be received by a trustee savings bank from any person amount of whatsoever by way of ordinary deposit either in any one year ordinary or in the aggregate. deposits.

(2) An order under this section—

ia) may fix different limits as respects different classes of persons.

672

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 2 3 2

Payment of interest on ordinary deposits.

Transfer of deposits to other trustee savings banks.

(b) may provide that any limit fixed by the order shall hate

effect subject to any exceptions or exclusions specified in the order,

(c) may contain special provisions with respect to depositors

whose deposits, at the date on which the order takes effect, exceed the limit fixed by the order as respects deposits,

() may contain such consequential and supplemental pro-

visions as appear to the Treasury to be necessary for giving full effect to the order,

ie) may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order, and

(/) shall have effect as if enacted in this Act.

(3) The power to make orders conferred by this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and a draft of every statutory instrument made under that power shall be laid before Parliament.

13. —(1) The interest payable to depositors by the trustees of a trustee savings bank in respect of ordinary deposits shall not exceed the rate of two pounds ten shillings per centum per annum.

(2) The said interest shall be computed half yearly to the twentieth day of May and the twentieth day of November, or yearly to the twentieth day of November in each year, as the case may be, and to no other period.

(3) The trustees and managers of a trustee savings bank may direct that all interest payable to the depositors in the bank shall yearly or twice in each year, be carried to the credit of the respective depositors and become principal and carry interest like other principal moneys. 14

14. —(1) A depositor in a trustee savings bank who desires to transfer an ordinary deposit belonging to him to another trustee savings bank shall, on application to the first bank, be furnished with a certificate stating the whole amount due to him, with interest and thereupon Ids account at that bank shall be closed.

(2) When the certificate has been delivered to the trustees or managers of the other bank and the depositor has signed die declaration required in the case of a new depositor, they shall forthwith open an account for the amount stated in the certificate, and the amount so stated shall, upon the certificate being forwarded to the Commissioners, be transferred in the books of the Commissioners from the first bank to the other bank.

(3) In subsection (1) of this section, the second reference to a trustee savings bank shall include a reference to a trustee savings bank in the Republic of Ireland.

954

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

Ch. 63

673

Sums received for special investment

15.—(1) The Treasury may by order under this section limit Limits on he amount which may be received by a trustee savings bank ^nsb^"ch rom any person for special investment either in any one year or reCeived for n the aggregate. special

(2) An order under this section— investment.

(a) may fix different limits as respects different classes of persons,

(b) may provide that any limits fixed by the order shall have

effect subject to any exceptions or exclusions specified in the order,

(c) may contain special provisions with respect to persons to whose credit there stand, at the date on which the order takes effect, amounts exceeding the limit fixed by the order,

(d) may contain such consequential and supplemental provisions as appear to the Treasury to be necessary tor giving full effect to the order, and

(e) may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order.

(3) The power to make orders conferred by this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and a draft of every statutory instrument made under that power shall be laid before Parliament.

16.—(1) A special investment shall not be made on behalf Other of any person unless he is at the time of the making of the restrictions investment a depositor in the bank to the extent of not less pp apecial than fifty pounds: mvotmeots.

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall prevent the continuance of special investments on behalf of a person who was before the third day of July, eighteen hundred and ninety-one (being the date of the passing of the Savings Banks Act, 1891) a depositor under section sixteen of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863 (being the section which then authorised the making of special investments). 2 3

(2) The rules of a trustee savings bank making special investments shall, as respects those investments, provide that the trustees shall have power to demand at least one month’s notice in advance of any repayment, of whatever amount, required by a depositor.

(3) The trustees of a trustee savings bank making special investments shall cause to be printed, in the pass-books in use for the purpose of special investments, a notice stating that the security of any special investment is not in any way guaranteed by the Government.

Y

674

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Ac, 1954 2 & 3 Euz.2

Prohibition on making a deposit in more than one bank.

Particulars to be disclosed by a depositor.

Power to relax requirements of rules as to receipt and repayment of deposits.

General provisions as to deposits

17. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, it shall sot be lawful for a person—

(a) who has made a deposit in a trustee savings bank, or

(b) who is entitled to any benefit from the funds of a trustee savings bank, not being a benefit derived soWy as personal representative of a deceased depositor,

to make a deposit in another trustee savings bank.

(2) If a person at any time has a deposit in more than one trustee savings bank, he shall be liable to forfeit any amount illegally deposited, either as to the whole thereof, or to sod extent as the Commissioners may think just in the circumstances of the case, and any money so forfeited shall be paid to the Commissioners and applied to the reduction of the Natiosal Debt.

(3) Where a bank has suspended payment, nothing in tin section shall prevent a depositor in that bank from subsequently opening or having an account in another bank.

(4) Nothing in this section shall prevent a friendly society from having deposits in more than one bank.

(5) Nothing in this section shall prevent a depositor trots belonging to or being interested in the funds of any frieodif society or charitable institution or penny savings bank which has invested its funds in a trustee savings bank.

(6) Nothing in this section shall prevent a depositor, having closed his account in a bank, from making a deposit in another bank.

18. No sum shall be paid into a trustee savings bad by a person by ticket or number or otherwise, without disclosing his name together with his profession, business, occupation or calling, and residence, all of which shall be entered in die boob of the bank.

19. —(1) The Commissioners may, in the case of any trustee savings bank, authorise the receipt and repayment of deposits in accordance with arrangements approved by the Inspection Committee. 2

(2) Where any such authority is given, deposits may be received and repaid accordingly, notwithstanding anything in the rules of the bank and in particular notwithstanding anything included therein by virtue of paragraph 2 of the First Schedule to this Act or by virtue of the provision in paragraph 9 of that Schedule for the presence of a second party in every transaction when money is paid or received.

1954

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

Ch. 63

*7?

20.—(1) If a dispute arises between the trustees and managers Settlement yt a trustee savings bank and— of disputes.

(a) an individual depositor, or

(b) a person who is or claims to be the personal representative or next of kin or creditor of a depositor, or the trustee in bankruptcy or assignee of a depositor who is bankrupt or insolvent, or

(c) a person who claims to be entitled to money deposited

in the bank,

the matter in dispute shall be referred in writing to the Registrar.

(2) Upon the reference of the dispute the Registrar shall have power to proceed ex parte on giving notice in writing to the trustees of the bank left at, or sent by post to, the office of the bank.

(3) Any award, order or determination made by the Registrar shall be binding and conclusive on all parties and shall be final to all intents and purposes, without any appeal.

(4) On a reference under this section the Registrar may inspect any books belonging to the trustee savings bank relating to the matter in dispute, and may administer an oath to any witness appearing before him.

(5) The powers and duties of the Registrar under this section, except so far as relates to disputes between the trustees and managers of a trustee savings bank and a depositor or a person claiming through or under a depositor, may be .transferred to and vested in such persons as die Treasury may by statutory instrument appoint.

21.—(1) Regulations may be made by the Treasury with Regulations the concurrence of the Commissioners prescribing what declara- 88 to dons shall be required from a depositor on opening an account in a trustee savings bank.

(2) The Treasury shall make regulations for the purpose of extending to trustee savings banks any regulations made with respect to the post office savings bank so far as those regulations provide—

(a) for the payment or transfer of sums which belong to

persons appearing to be minors or of unsound mind, or form part of the personal estate of any persons appearing to be deceased, or

(b) for the transfer of deposits from one account to another

account, whether an existing cm* a new account, or

(c) for determining the evidence to be accepted of any

matter for the purpose of the payment or transfer of any sum, or

m

CH.63

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 2 & 3 Euz.2

() for determining the receipts which are to be a good discharge in the case of the payment or transfer of any sum.

(3) Regulations under this section may also provide—

(a) for the addition of one or more names to an account

already in a trustee savings bank,

(b) for the nomination by a depositor not being under sixteen years of age of any person or persons to whom any sum or sums payable to the depositor at his decease (including any portion of any savings bank annuity or accrued interest payable to the representatives of the depositor) is or are to be paid at his decease,

(c) for the manner in which any such nomination may be

revoked by the depositor, and for the circumstances in which it is to be treated as having ceased to be operative and for the payment of the specified amount to any nominee so nominated,

() for directing that any person acting as witness to a

nomination shall be disqualified from taking thereunder,

(e) for authorising the trustee savings bank to treat as a

depositor in the bank any person named as a nominee in any nomination who dies after the death of the nominator, but before receiving payment of the sum to be paid to him under the nomination,

(/) for providing that where any person to whom any sum, being the whole or any part of the deposit of a deceased depositor, is payable is unable by reason of any incapacity whatsoever to give a legal discharge therefor, the sum may be paid to any person undertaking to maintain the incapacitated person. 4

(4) The Treasury may make regulations applying to trustee savings banks, with or without modifications, the provisions any regulations made with respect to the post office savings bank so far as those regulations provide—

(a) for prescribing the means by which particular facts

may be proved and the mode in which evidence thereof may be given, and for authorising proof of any particular facts given in the manner prescribed by the regulations to be treated as conclusive evidence of those facts for the purpose of the payment or transfer any sum;

(b) for authorising the Postmaster-General for the purpose

of the payment or transfer of any sum to treat any person as having been domiciled in the place in which he is resident at the date of his death;

>54

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

Ch. 63

677

(c) for directing that, except as provided by the regulations, no entry with respect to any trust, express, implied or constructive, shall be made in the account of any depositor, and that except as aforesaid no notice of any such trust shall be receivable by the Postmaster-General;

(d) for determining the date on which a deposit is to be deemed to be withdrawn, and for prescribing the method by which payment of sums withdrawn is to be made.

(5) Where the sum in a trustee savings bank which forms >art of the personal estate of a person appearing to be deceased ioes not exceed one hundred pounds, then, if the regulations rnder this section so provide, and subject to such regulations probate, or other proof of the title of the personal representative 3f the deceased person may be dispensed with, and that sum may be paid or distributed to or among the persons appearing in manner provided by the regulations to be beneficially entitled to the personal estate of the deceased person, whether under such nomination of the deceased person as is allowed by the regulations, or by law, or as next of kin, or as creditors or otherwise, or to or among any one or more of such persons, exclusively of the others, or in the case of any illegitimacy of the deceased person or his children, to or among such person or persons as may be directed by the said regulations; and the person making such a payment shall be discharged from all liability in respect of the sum paid in accordance with the said regulations.

(6) Regulations under this section shall have effect as if enacted in this Act and the power of making such regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument a draft of which shall be laid before Parliament.

22.—(1) The trustees and managers of a trustee savings bank Deposits by may accept a deposit from a person acting as trustee on behalf trustees, of a depositor whether the trustee is himself a depositor in another trustee savings bank or not but the trustee shall on behalf of the depositor make the declaration required in the case of a person making a deposit on his own account.

(2) All deposits made by such a trustee as aforesaid shall be entered in the books of the trustee savings bank in the joint names of the trustee and of the person on whose account the sum is deposited.

(3) Repayment of a deposit under this section, or of part of such a deposit, shall not be made without the receipt of the said trustee and of the person on whose account the deposit

67S

CH. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 2 & 3 Euz.2

Payments to persons under 21.

Deposits by charitable societies etc.

was made, or of the survivor or the personal representative of the survivor, either in person or by agent appointed by power of attorney, and such a receipt shall alone be a good and valid discharge to the trustees and managers of the bank:

Provided that if it is shown to the satisfaction of the trustees and managers that the person on whose account the deposit was made is of unsound mind, repayment may be made to the said trustee.

(4) A power of attorney shall be valid for the purposes of this section if executed by an infant of or exceeding the age of fourteen years.

(5) An abstract of the provisions of this section shall be included as one of the rules of every trustee savings bank.

23. Where a deposit has been made in a trustee savings bank by or for the benefit of a person under twenty-one years of age it shall be lawful for the trustees or managers of the bank to make a payment to that person in respect thereof and his receipt shall be a sufficient discharge notwithstanding his incapacity or disability in law to act for himself.

Investments by charitable , etc.,

in trustee savings banks

24.—(1) The trustees or treasurers of any charitable or provident institution or society, or charitable donation or bluest for the maintenance, education or benefit of the poor, or of any penny savings bank, may invest the funds of the institution or society in the funds of a trustee savings bank.

(2) Where a payment is made by a trustee savings bank to a trustee, treasurer or other officer of such a charitable or provident institution or society as aforesaid, or of a friendly society or penny savings bank, who is apparently authorised to require that payment, his receipt shall be a sufficient discharge and the trustee savings bank and its trustees, managers and officers shall not be responsible for any misapplication or for any want of authority of the person requiring or receiving the payment 3

(3) No person who is a member of any such charitable institution as aforesaid or of any friendly society or penny savings bank shall, by reason of being a depositor in a trustee savings bank, be considered as subject or liable to any penalty, forfeiture or disability declared or expressed, or intended so to be, by or in the rules, orders or regulations of the institution or society or penny savings bank.

954

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

Ch. 63

679

(4) It is hereby declared that nothing in this section is to be onstrued as imposing any obligation on a trustee savings bank s respects their receiving any funds.

Investments by trustee savings banks

25. —(1) Subject to the following subsections of this section Investments tod to any other provision of this Act, the sums of money by trustee belonging to a trustee savings bank which the trustees of the bank*, tank are authorised to invest under this Act or under any rules

if the bank shall be invested under the next following section ind shall not be invested in any other manner.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to such sums >f money as necessarily remain in the hands of the treasurer of he bank to answer the exigencies of the bank.

(3) Subsection <1) of this section shall not prevent a depositor from withdrawing any sum of money deposited by him and investing it in any other manner.

The Fund for the Banks for Savings

26. —(1) There shall be an account raised in the name oi Investment in the Commissioners in the books of the Banks of England and for the Ireland respectively, called the Fund for the Banks for Savings.

(2) The sums of money which the trustees of a trustee savings bank are by the last foregoing section to invest under this section shall be paid into the said Fund:

Provided that—

(a) before a payment is made the persons applying to make the payment shall produce to the officer of the Commissioners at their office in London or elsewhere a declaration by one trustee of the bank that the sums of money belong exclusively to the bank for which the payment is intended to be made and an order signed by one of those trustees; and

(b) not less than fifty pounds shall be paid in on any one occasion.

(3) If any declaration or order produced to the officer of the Commissioners under this section contains any thing which is false or untrue, the sum paid under the declaration or order shall be forfeited to the Commissioners.

27#—(1) The officer of the Commissioners shall have power Issue of to issue a receipt signed by a cashier of the Bank of England or biterest-the Bank of Ireland, as the case may be, in respect of a payment under the last foregoing section.

m

CH- 63

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Money belonging to branch banks.

Crediting of interest to trustee savings bank.

(2) The receipt shall carry interest from the day of payment at such rate not being less than two pounds fifteen shillings per cent, per annum and not exceeding two pounds seventeen shillings and six pence per cent, per annum as the Treasury may fix by order.

The power of making orders under this subsection shall include power to vary or revoke an order and shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

(3) The said interest shall be payable together with the principal at the Banks of England and Ireland respectively in accordance with the provisions of this Act relating to the withdrawal of sums from the said Fund; and the principal and interest of all sums mentioned in any receipt shall be charged on all money in the said Fund and on any moneys produced by the sale of any securities standing to the credit of the said Fund.

(4) The receipt shall be in such form as the Commissioners may direct.

(5) No fraction of a penny shall be allowed or paid under this section as interest on a receipt.

28. Where a trustee savings bank has a branch bank in the neighbourhood, and the branch bank by their treasurer pays any sum into the trustee savings bank as a central bank, the trustees of the said central bank, or any two of them, may pay into the Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland, as the case may be, under die foregoing sections, along with the moneys belonging to the central bank, any sums of money belonging to the branch bank.

29.—(1) The officer of the Commissioners shall calculate, as respects any receipt issued under section twenty-seven of this Act, die interest due on the twentieth day of November and the twentieth day of May in every year and that interest shall be placed to the credit of the savings bank in question within six weeks from the said day of November or May.

Provided that no interest shall be calculated on any fraction of a pound of the half-yearly balance standing in the Fund for the Banks for Savings on account of any trustee savings bank on the said day of November or May. 2

(2) The said interest shall from the said day of November or May become principal and carry interest as if it were principal money paid into the said Fund on account of the trustee savings bank.

1954

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954

Ch. 63

681

(3) Within sixty days from the said day of November or May the officer of the Commissioners shall issue a receipt signed by him for the amount of the interest so credited as if that amount had been a payment made by the trustees of the bank to the said Fund.

(4) The receipt shall be dated the twenty-first day of November or the twenty-first day of May, as the case may be, and shall be in a form approved by the Commissioners.

30.—(1) The Commissioners with the concurrence of the withdrawals Treasury may by statutory instrument make regulations— from Fund.

(a) as to the manner in which any sums payable by the

Commissioners in respect of the draft of trustees of a trustee savings bank may be paid and the manner in which a valid discharge is to be given to the Commissioners for any such payment,

(b) for crediting instead of paying the interest due in respect of any sums so paid.

(2) Payments made and discharges given in accordance with regulations under the foregoing subsection shall be valid, notwithstanding anything in this or any other Act.

(3) The Second Schedule to this Act (Part I of which contains further provisions for enabling trustee savings banks to withdraw money from the Fund for the Banks for Savings and Part II of which contains provisions for borrowing on the security of Exchequer Bills to meet such withdrawals) shall have effect as respects such withdrawals by trustee savings banks but subject to die foregoing subsections of this section.

31.—(1) Where any sum is debited to the account of a trustee interest on savings bank in the books of the Commissioners otherwise than sums within pursuance of a draft of the bank, the Commissioners shall (town by pay or credit to the bank interest on that sum up to the day immediately preceding the date of the debit.

(2) Where, under the foregoing subsection or under regulations made in pursuance of the last foregoing section as respects interest where sums are debited in pursuance of a draft of the bank, interest is credited to a trustee savings bank on the occasion of a debit being made to the account of that bank, the interest credited shall not itself carry interest until the twenty-first day of November or the twenty-first day of May next following the date as at which the interest is credited.

Y*

m

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Investment of money in Fund.

Power to hold cash balance in Bank of Ireland.

Annual account as between Commissioners and trustee savings banks.

Certain expenses to be defrayed out of surplus income of the Fund.

Management of Fund for the Banks for Savings

32. —(1) The Commissioners, subject to reserving such sums as they think fit, shall invest money paid into the Fund for the Banks for Savings—

(a) in Parliamentary securities created or issued under the authority of an Act of Parliament where those securities are securities for the interest on which provision is made by Parliament or are securities directly chargeable on the Consolidated. Fund of the United Kingdom, or ib) in stock or debentures or other securities expressly guaranteed by authority of Parliament or the due payment of the interest on which is expressly guaranteed by authority of Parliament, or

(c) in securities which are issued in respect of a loan raised by the Government of Northern Ireland or securities the interest on which is for the time being guaranteed by the Parliament of Northern Ireland, or

(d) in Exchequer Bills.

(2) The interest on such investments shall also be invested under this section.

33. Notwithstanding the provisions of the last foregoing section, the Commissioners may, in accordance with arrangements made by them with the Bank of Ireland, pay any sums of money into the Bank of England to be placed to the credit of the Fund for the Banks for Savings in the Bank of Ireland, and those sums shall be applied as if they had originally been paid into the said Fund in the Bank of Ireland under section twenty-six of this Act.

34. —(1) The Commissioners shall annually make out an account with respect to the year ending on the twentieth day of November,—

(a) showing on the one side the interest accrued from the

securities standing to the credit of the Fund for the Banks for Savings, and

(b) showing on the other side the interest paid and credited to trustee savings banks.

(2) The account shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament on or before the last day of July after the end of the year for which it is made, if Parliament be then sitting, or if not, within one week after the then next meeting of Parliament. 35

35. —(1) The Commissioners shall in every year, out of the amount by which the gross amount of the interest accrued during the preceding year on the securities standing to the credit of the Fund for the Banks for Savings appears by the account under the last foregoing section to have exceeded the gross amount of

954

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954

Ch. 63

683

merest paid and credited in that year to trustee savings banks, ipply, in accordance with the directions of the Treasury, such am as the Treasury may from time to time authorise towards lefraying—

(a) in the first place, the expenses incurred by the Inspection Committee in the exercise of any powers conferred by this Act,

(b) in the second place, the expenses incurred by the Commissioners in the execution of this Act.

(2) For the purposes of this section the expenses incurred by file Commissioners in the execution of this Act shall be deemed to include—

(a) such sum as, in the opinion of the Treasury, approxi-

mately represents the amount in each year of the accruing liability in respect of the benefits for which any officers or persons employed by the Commissioners in the execution of this Act will on their retirement become eligible under the Superannuation Acts;

(b) such proportion of the salary, or of the said accruing

liability in respect of superannuation benefits, of any officer or person who is so employed in part only in the execution of this Act as, in the opinion of the Treasury, is attributable to the execution of this Act;

(c) any capital expenditure incurred in providing premises

wholly used by the Commissioners for the purposes of this Act and such part of any such expenditure incurred in providing premises partly used as aforesaid as was, in the opinion of the Treasury, incurred for those purposes;

() in die case of any premises occupied by the Com-

missioners wholly or partly for the purposes of this Act and in respect of which no rent is payable, such an amount as is estimated by the Treasury to represent the rental value of the premises or of that part of the premises used for the said purposes, after allowing for any capital expenditure incurred as aforesaid which has been charged to the said Fund. 3

(3) If in any case where any capital expenditure incurred as aforesaid has been charged to the said Fund, the premises in respect of which the expenditure was incurred are sold or cease to be used for the said purposes, there shall be deducted from the amount thereafter chargeable to the said Fund such 9um as may be determined by the Treasury to represent the then value of the premises or of that part of the premises which was used for the said purposes.

Y* 2

J

684

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Ac, 1954 2 & 3 Euz.2

Adjustment of balances.

36*—(1) Where the annual account mentioned in the last but one foregoing section shows that in the year for which the account is made up the gross amount of interest accrued from the securities standing to the credit of the Fund for the Banks for Savings exceeded—

(a) the gross amount of interest paid and credited during

the year to trustee savings banks in pursuance of this Act, together with

(b) a sum, to be determined by the Treasury, to provide

against the depreciation in the value of the securities, and

(c) any amount applied under subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, the Commissioners shall, within three months after the account is laid before Parliament, cause the amount of the surplus to be paid out of the said Fund into the Exchequer in such manner as may from time to time be agreed on between the Treasury and the Commissioners.

(2) Where the said account shows that, with respect to the year for which the account is made up, the gross amount of interest accrued from the securities standing to the credit of the said Fund was less than—

(a) the gross amount of interest paid or credited to trustee

savings banks in pursuance of this Act, together with

(b) a sum, to be determined by the Treasury, to provide

against the depreciation in the value of the securities, and

(c) such of the expenses (including the remuneration of

members and officers) incidental to the exercise by the Inspection Committee of the powers conferred on them by this Act as may be sanctioned by the Treasury on the recommendation of (he Commissioners, and

() the expenses incurred by the Commissioners in die execution of this Act,

an amount equal to the deficiency shall, at such times as the Treasury may direct, be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or die growing produce thereof and shall be applied in defraying the said expenses of the Inspection Committee and the Commissioners and, so far as not so applied, shall be paid into the said Fund.

The reference in this subsection to the Commissioners’ expenses shall be construed in accordance with subsections (2) and (3) of the last foregoing section.

(3) If the Fund for the Banks for Savings is insufficient to meet its liabilities the Treasury may, on bang informed thereof by the Commissioners, issue the amount of the deficiency out of

1954

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

Ch. 63

685

the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or out of the growing produce thereof; and the Treasury shall certify the ieficiency to Parliament.

37*—(1) The Commissioners shall at the close of each year Annual ending on the twentieth day of November prepare a statement statement of showing the aggregate of the liabilities of the Government to trustee savings banks and the nature and amount of the securities banks/^ held by the Commissioners to meet those liabilities.

<(2) The statement so prepared shall be laid before Parliament not later than the last day of June in each year.

The separate surplus fund

38.—(1) Where the assets of a trustee savings bank arising Thc£ep5J*Jf from ordinary deposits are, after deducting such expenses as the 8urph* bank think fit, increased by the difference between the interest received and the interest payable to depositors under the rules of the bank, or by any other means, the bank, if the Commissioners so require, shall within six months from the twentieth day of November in each year, ascertain, certify and pay over to the Commissioners the amount of the increase, reserving such part as appears necessary to meet current expenses.

(2) The net amount of the surplus ascertained as aforesaid shall be discharged from the account of the bank standing in the books of the Commissioners; and the Commissioners shall keep a separate and distinct account of that surplus.

Money standing to the credit of a bank in the said account is in this Act referred to as money standing to the credit of that bank in the separate surplus fund.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Commissioners shall treat the money standing to the credit of a trustee savings bank in the separate surplus fund in the same manner as other money paid to them under this Act and sums in the separate surplus fund shall carry interest at the same rate as any other sums standing to the credit of the trustee savings bank.

(4) On production to the Commissioners of a certificate in a form approved by them the trustees or managers of a trustee savings bank may withdraw any amount from the sums standing to their credit in the separate surplus fund:

Provided that no application to the Commissioners for a payment from the separate surplus fund shall be entertained without the previous sanction of the Inspection Committee.

(5) The trustees of a trustee savings bank may, for the purposes of purchasing land or erecting buildings under section ten of this Act apply money standing to the credit of the bank in the separate surplus fund, and any money paid over to the Commissioners under subsection (3) of that section shall be placed by them to the credit of the bank in the separate surplus fund.

686

CH. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Ac, 1954 2 & 3 Euz.2

Conditions subject to which a bank may make HWM investments.

Special investments

39.—(1) A trustee savings bank may not exercise the power to make special investments unless—

(a) it exercised that power before the first day of June.

eighteen hundred and ninety-one, or

(b) the Commissioners on the recommendation of the

Inspection Committee authorise the bank to do so.

(2) Before the Commissioners give their authority under the foregoing subsection, they must be satisfied—

(a) that the bank is open daily; and

(b) that it has an aggregate cash liability to its depositors.

irrespective of the amount of any special investments, of not less than two hundred thousand pounds.

The Commissioners may withdraw their authority if at any time in their opinion either of these conditions is not for the time being complied with.

(3) Paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection shall not apply if—

(a) the Association concur in the recommendation of the

Inspection Committee required under subsection (1) of this section; and

(b) the Commissioners, having regard to the financial

position of the bank and of the size and importance of the area served by it, think it expedient in the interests of the depositors of the bank that their authority should be given under that subsection.

(4) The accounts of a trustee savings bank making special investments shall be kept so as to distinguish between the receipts and expenditure on account of special investments and the receipts and expenditure on account of the general business of the bank.

(5) The rules of a trustee savings bank making special investments shall provide to the satisfaction of the Inspection Committee for the audit, examination and publication of the accounts relating to special investments and for the safe custody of the securities held by the bank on account of special investments.

(6) Assets of a trustee savings bank in respect of ordinary deposits shall not be chargeable with any part of the expenditure on account of special investments and, subject to the following provisions of this Act, shall not be liable for any loss or deficiency in respect of special investments.

Commis-

40.—(1) Every trustee savings bank which carries on the busi-

afoOTUalf>WCr ness °* makiQg investments shall so far as respects that

business be subject to the control of the Commissioners and shall comply with any directions which may from time to time be given by the Commissioners with respect to that business.

1954

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

Ch. 63

687

If a bank to which any such directions are given neglects or refuses to comply therewith the Commissioners may themselves take the necessary steps for giving effect thereto, and for that purpose may do all such things and exercise all such powers as may be done and exercised by the trustees, managers and other officers of the bank.

(2) Without prejudice to the general power of control given to the Commissioners by the foregoing subsection, the following provisions shall have effect with respect to the special invest* ment business of a trustee savings bank—

(a) no money received for investment shall be invested, and no securities held on account of special investments shall be sold, except with the approval of the Commissioners;

(b) no change shall be made in the rate of interest allowed to depositors in respect of special investments except with the approval of the Commissioners;

(c) the amount to be expended by the bank for expenses of management on account of the special investment busi* ness shall not exceed such an amount as may be allowed by the Commissioners;

(d) there shall be transmitted to the Commissioners together with the statement required to be transmitted to them under section forty-seven of this Act, a valuation of the securities held by the bank on account of special investments, and for the purpose of the valuation the value of those securities shall be calculated according to the current market price at the date of the valuation, or, in the case of securities for which there is at that date no current market price, shall be taken to be such an amount as the Commissioners fix, having regard to the date of repayment of, and to the rate of interest payable in respect of, the securities.

(3) In this section the expression " special investments " does not include any investment where the bank is not to be liable to repay to the depositor in cash the money received from him and applied in making the investment.

41.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, money Powers of received for special investment shall not be invested— investing

ia) in any manner not authorised by law in the case of noetari for investment by trustees, or special

(6) on mortgage of land or any interest in land, or

investment.

(c) except so as to become repayable not later than the expiration of one year, or, if the money is invested

688

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 2 & 3 Euz.2

in Government securities, three years, from the dale of the investment or so as to be repayable on sx months or some shorter notice:

Provided that—

(i) paragraph (a) of this subsection shall not prevent an investment in any securities issued under the Local Loans Act, 1875, or in loans secured on the security of any local rate levied under the authority of any Act of Parliament by any local authority authorised to borrow money on that security,

(ii) paragraph (c) of this subsection shall not apply to as investment where the bank is not to be liable to repay to the depositor in cash the money received from him and applied in making the investment.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing subsection or in any other enactment, but subject to any regulations made in that behalf by the Treasury by statutory instrument, the Commissioners may, on the application of the trustees of a trustee savings bank, authorise money received for special investment to be invested—

(a) in any such securities as are mentioned in paragraph 6n>

or (?) of subsection (1) of section one of the Trustee Act, 1925, or sub-paragraph (6) or (7) of paragraph <4 of section ten of the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921, beinf securities which will mature for payment not later than fifteen years after the date of the investment, or

(b) in any securities the principal and interest whereof are

charged on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or of Northern Ireland whether directly or by virtue of any guarantee, being securities which will mature for payment not later than forty years after the date of the investment:

Provided that the powers of the trustees of any trustee savings bank as to investment shall be so exercised as to secure that the total cost price of all the securities of the kinds set out in this subsection which are held by them in respect of special investments (excluding securities which could be bought by them under paragraph (c) of the foregoing subsection) at no time exceeds fifty per cent, of the total liabilities of the bank in respect of moneys received in respect of special investments.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing subsections or in any other enactment, the Commissioners may, on the application of the trustees of a trustee savings bank, authorise all or any of the moneys received by the trustees in respect of special investments to be paid to and received by the trustees of another trustee savings bank for special investment:

>54

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

Ch. 63

689

I*rovided that—

(a) an application under this subsection shall not be granted if the total liabilities of the bank in respect of money received in respect of special investment exceeds twenty thousand pounds;

(b) without prejudice to the generality of the powers conferred by any other provision of this Act on the Commissioners, where an authority has been given under this subsection, the Commissioners may at any time direct the trustees to withdraw the whole or any part of the moneys invested in pursuance of the authority, and it shall be the duty of the trustees to comply with the direction;

(c) the total money at any time invested by the trustees of a trustee savings bank with other banks under this subsection shall not be permitted at any time to exceed five thousand pounds.

(4) The trustees of a trustee savings bank shall have power to deposit moneys received by them in respect of special investment in a bank other than a savings bank, either on deposit account or on current account.

42.—(1) For the purpose of providing for any deficiency which Establishment may arise in respect of special investments made by trustee of a guarantee savings banks, there shall be established a guarantee fund under the control of the Commissioners. on special

investment

(2) The guarantee fund shall consist of— accounts.

(a) the reserves both in respect of general business and of special investments of all trustee savings banks which make special investments, and

(b) such part of the separate surplus fund as stands to the credit of closed trustee savings banks,

and for the purpose aforesaid the reserves of every such trustee savings bank shall be at the disposal of the Commissioners, and the bank shall comply with any directions given by the Commissioners with respect to those reserves for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this section. 3

(3) If on any valuation of the assets belonging to any bank on account of special investments, it appears that there is a deficiency, that deficiency shall, in the event of the bank being closed or wound up, or discontinuing, with the consent of the Commissioners, the business of making special investments, be

690

C>. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Ac, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

a charge on and be made good out of the guarantee fund, as follows—

(a) recourse shall be had in the first instance to the amoral standing to the credit of the guarantee fund in respeo of the reserves of the bank in question and, so far a* that amount is insufficient for the purpose, to the amount standing to the credit of the guarantee frac in respect of the reserves of other banks and to the part of the separate surplus fund standing to the credit of the guarantee fund pari passu, and (b) as between the reserves of a bank in connection with special investments and the reserves of a bank in connection with its general business, recourse shall be had in the first instance to the reserves in connection with special investments, and as between the banks other than the bank in connection with whose account the deficiency has arisen the amount falling to be charged on the reserves of those banks shall be allocated pro rata to those reserves according to their several amounts.

(4) In this section the expression " special investments " does not include any investment where the bank is not to be liable to repay to the depositor in cash the money received from him and applied in making the investment.

Discontinuance of special investment business.

43.—(1) Where a trustee savings bank discontinues the business of making special investments—

(a) the like results shall follow as would have followed if,

immediately before the discontinuance, every depositor had, in pursuance of a previous notice duly given in that behalf, withdrawn die who’e amount which he is entitled to withdraw in respect of special investments and had immediately redeposited the amount withdrawn as an ordinary deposit with the bank, and

(b) all assets and liabilities of the bank in respect of the

business of making special investments other than its liabilities to depositors, shall be deemed to be assets and liabilities in respect of ordinary deposits, notwithstanding anything in this Act restricting the investment of the funds of any such bank, and

(c) the bank shall comply with any directions of the Com-

missioners as to any of the assets referred to in the last foregoing paragraph, and. save so far as the contrary is expressly provided by an order under section twelve of this Act, the amounts deemed to be deposited under paragraph (a) of this subsection shall be left out of account for the purposes of every order made under that section.

1954 Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 CH. 63 691

(2) Where a trustee savings bank discontinues the business of making special investments, the assets and liabilities thereof shall be valued as at the date of the discontinuance but without regard to the operation of subsection (1) of this section.

For the purpose of the valuation, the value of any securities shall be calculated according to the current market price at the date of the discontinuance, or in the case of securities for which there is at that date no current market price, shall be taken to be such amount as the Commissioners shall fix, having regard to the date of repayment of, and to the rate of interest payable in respect of, die securities, and the value of any land or buildings shall be taken at such amount as the Commissioners shall fix.

(3) If, on any such valuation, it appears that there is a deficiency, the deficiency shall be made good out of the guarantee fund under subsection (3) of the last foregoing section and, without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of that subsection, the deficiency, if and so far as it exceeds the reserve of the bank in respect of ordinary deposits, shall be made good to the bank out of that fund.

(4) If, on any such valuation as aforesaid, it appears that there is a surplus, an amount equal to the surplus shall be carried to the separate surplus fund and be treated as an amount standing to the credit of a closed trustee savings bank, and die bank shall have no claim to the principal thereof or any interest thereon.

(5) Where a trustee savings bank carrying on the business of making special investments is wholly closed or is ordered to be wound up, the bank shall for the purpose of this section be deemed to have discontinued the business of making special investments immediately before the closing or the commencement of the winding up, as the case may be.

(6) In this section the expression " special investments " does not include any investment where the bank is not to be liable to repay to the depositor in cash the money received from him and applied in making the investment. 44 * *

44. The trustees of a trustee savings bank may, with the Power to approval of the Commissioners, borrow, whether by way of borr®J'°" temporary loan or of overdraft from bankers or otherwise, on the J^SSl ° security of the funds, or any part of the funds, held on account investment of special investments: funds.

Provided that the reference in this section to special investments does not include any investment where the bank is not to be liable to repay to the depositor in cash the money received

from him and applied in making the investment.

692

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 2 & 3 I

Purchase of property out of special investment surplus.

Weekly

returns.

Annual

statements.

45.—(1) The trustees of a trustee savings bank may. with the consent of the Commissioners, apply a part of the surplus capital held by the bank on account of special investments towanh i the purchase of land or the provision of buildings for the purposes of the bank under section ten of this Act: I

Provided that— I

ia) the Commissioners shall not give their consent in any i case if the amount proposed to be applied would, when added to any sums already applied under this section (excluding sums applied towards the purchase of any land or the provision of any buildings which have bees sold) exceed twenty per cent, of the surplus capital as shown on the last annual valuation;

(6) all moneys accruing from or in connection with the sale, exchange or lease of any land purchased or buildings provided under this section, or of any part at such land or buildings, shall be invested by the trustees as if they were moneys received for special investments.

(2) The value of any land purchased or buildings provided under the provisions of this section shall be taken at such as amount as the Commissioners may from time to time fix and shall be included in the annual valuation.

(3) In this section the expression " annual valuation " means a valuation required to be made under paragraph id) of sob* section (2) of section forty of this Act, and the expresskn " surplus capital " means the amount by which the value of the assets held by a bank on account of special investments at the date of the annual valuation is found on that valuation to exceed the aggregate liability of the bank on account of or in connection with special investments.

Returns and accounts to be prepared by trustee savings banks

46. The trustees and managers of every trustee savings bank shall transmit weekly returns to the Commissioners, in such fonn and giving such particulars as the Commissioners may direct, showing the amounts of the week’s transactions of the bank and the amount of the cash balances in the hands of the treasurer or any other person on account of the bank. 47

47. —(1) The trustees and managers of every trustee savings bank shall annually prepare a general statement of the sums standing to the credit of the bank in the books of the Commissioners up to the twentieth day of November in each year, and of expenses incurred.

1954

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954

Ch. 63

693

(2) The said annual statement shall show the balance or principal sum due to depositors in the bank collectively and identify the persons holding the said balance.

(3) The said annual statement shall contain, or be accompanied by, such particulars with respect to the special investments of the bank as the Commissioners direct.

(4) The said annual statement shall be witnessed by two managers or two trustees, or by one manager and one trustee, of the bank, and shall be countersigned by the secretary or actuary of the bank.

(5) The said annual statement shall be in such form and contain, or be accompanied by, such particulars as the Commissioners direct and shall be transmitted to the office of the Commissioners within nine weeks after the twentieth day of November in each year.

(6) A similar statement shall be transmitted to the Inspection Committee within the said period of nine weeks.

(7) If the said annual statement is not prepared and transmitted to the Commissioners within the said period of nine weeks, the Commissioners, or the Comptroller-General or Assistant Comptroller of the National Debt Office, shall for the information of the depositors forthwith publish in the London Gazette and in any newspapers published in the county in which the bank is established, the name of the bank in default, in such form and words, and under such conditions as the Commissioners or the said Comptroller-General or Assistant Comptroller may think fit

(8) If it appears in the said annual statement that any money belonging to a trustee savings bank is in the hands of a treasurer or other person, the statement shall be accompanied by a certificate, signed by the treasurer or other person, stating that the money therein mentioned is in his possession.

(9) The trustees and managers of every trustee savings bank shall cause a duplicate of any annual statement under this section, accompanied by a list of the trustees and managers of the bank, witnessed and countersigned in the same manner as the statement, to be publicly affixed and exhibited in some conspicuous part of the office or place where the deposits of the bank are usually received, for the information of all persons making deposits therein, and the duplicate shall remain so affixed and exhibited until the ensuing annual statement is in like manner affixed and exhibited under this subsection.

(10) Every depositor shall be entitled to receive from the bank a printed copy of the annual statement on payment of one penny.

le

694

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 2 & 3 Em. I

Statements of expenses.

Powers and duties of Inspection Committee.

<11) The trustees of a trustee savings bank shall, at the request of the Inspection Committee, supply the Committee with a copy of the said annual statement.

48. The Commissioners or the Comptroller-General or Assistant Comptroller of the National Debt Office may require hoot the trustees and managers of a trustee savings bank a detailed statement of all the expenses whatever inourred by the trustees and managers in the management of the bank or otherwise.

Supervision of trustee savings banks

49.—(1) The Inspection Committee may appoint persons to inspect the books and accounts of trustee savings banks, and to examine and ascertain and report to the Committee from time to time with respect to each bank, whether the bank has complied with the requirements of this Act and of the rules of the bank as to the security to be taken from officers, the accounts of the bank and the conduct of its business, and whether any part of the expenditure is excessive or unnecessary; and every trustee savings bank shall give all due facilities for enabling any such inspection or examination to be made.

(2) If on the report of any such person it appears to die Committee that a trustee savings bank has made default in giving such facilities or complying with any of the requirements aforesaid, or that any part of the expenditure of the bank is excessive or unnecessary, the Committee shall call upon the bank to remedy the default or, as the case may be, to reduce the expenditure within a specified time, and if the default is not remedied or the expenditure is not reduced within that time the Committee shall report the matter to the Commissioners.

(3) Thereupon the Commissioners may at their discretion—

(a) close the account of the bank and proceed under section

seventy of this Act, or

(b) report the matter to the Treasury with a view to action

being taken under the next following section,

or adopt both of these courses.

(4) The trustees of every trustee savings bank shall, at the request of the Committee, supply the Committee with a copy of the pass-book in use in the bank, and of the rules of the bank and of any amendments thereof.

(5) If, in the opinion of the Committee, the rules of a trustee savings bank are insufficient for the purpose of maintaining an efficient audit, the bank shall, with all convenient speed, make such additional rules as may, in the opinion of the Committee, be required for the purpose.

954

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

Ch. 63

695

(6) If the bank do not, within a time specified by the Com-nittee, from the date of being required to make any such rules, amply with the requirement, the Committee may make the tiles, and shall submit die rules so made to the Registrar, to >e certified by him; and, when so certified, they shall be binding m the trustees.

(7) The Committee shall annually report their proceedings under this Act to the Commissioners and the report shall be laid before Parliament

(8) If, on any report of the Inspection Committee, any question irises as to what constitute the necessary expenses of a trustee savings bank within the meaning of section one of this Act, whether involving the withdrawal of any part of the separate surplus fund under subsection (4) of section thirty-eight of this Act or not, the decision of the Commissioners on the question shall be conclusive.

(9) The Committee may, with the approval of the Commissioners, make rules for regulating the duties of persons appointed by the Committee under this section.

50*—(1) The Treasury may, if satisfied on the representation either of such number of the depositors in any trustee savings bank as appears to them sufficient, or of the Commissioners, that there is good reason for causing an examination to be made into the affairs of any trustee savings bank, apply ex parte to any judge of the High Court, or to any judge of the Court of Session in Scodand, who, if satisfied that such examination is desirable, may thereupon appoint a master of the Supreme Court or a barrister of not less than seven years standing in England or Northern Ireland, or any advocate of not less than five years standing or writer to the signet of not less than five years standing in Scotland, as a Commissioner to hold a local inquiry into the affairs of that bank, and to report thereon:

Provided that such notice of any representation by depositors under this section shall be given to the trustees of the bank as the Treasury may direct.

(2) Every such Commissioner shall, for the purposes of the examination which he is authorised to conduct, have power—

Co) to require by summons under his hand a person to send a written return to any inquiry, or to attend as a witness before him, and to examine any witness on oath, and to require any witness to take an oath and to answer any question; and (b) to require production of all books, papers and documents which appear to him to relate to the affairs of the bank, and the production of which appears to him necessary.

Appointment of Commissioner to examine affairs of trustee savings bank.

696

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks A, 1954 2 & 3 Euz.2

Power to amalgamate.

Advances by trustee

savings banks for development.

(3) If any person, after having had a tender made to him of the expenses (if any) to which he is entitled, foils, without lawful excuse, to comply with any requirement of the Commissioner under this section, he shall, on summary conviction, for each offence be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(4) Every witness shall be allowed such expenses as would be allowed to him when attending to give evidence before any superior court, and in case of dispute the amount shall be referred by the Commissioner to a master or taxing officer of the Supreme Court, or to die Queen’s and Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer in Scotland, who, on request under the hand of the Commissioner, shall ascertain and certify the proper amount of the expenses.

(5) The Treasury may, if they think fit, where a representation is made by depositors, require such security for costs to be given as they think proper, but except so for as costs may be recovered under any such security, all costs incurred in or incidental to any proceeding under this section shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Amalgamation and mutual assistance

51. —(1) Any two or more trustee savings banks may, with the assent of the Commissioners, on the recommendation of the Inspection Committee, by special resolution of both or all such banks, become amalgamated together as one bank with or without dissolution or division of the funds and properly of the banks, or either or any of them, and all the funds and property of the banks shall become vested in the amalgamated bank without the necessity of any form of conveyance or assignment other than the special resolution for amalgamation

(2) For the purposes of the amalgamation a special resolution shall mean a resolution passed by not less than three-fourths of the trustees of the bank present at a general meeting of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution has been duly given according to the rules, and confirmed by a majority of the trustees present at a subsequent meeting, of which notice has been duly given, held not less than fourteen days nor more than a month from the date of the first-mentioned meeting. 52

52. —(1) The trustees of a trustee savings bank may, with the approval of the Commissioners, make advances of such amounts, on such terms and conditions and for such period as may be approved by the Commissioners,—

(a) to the trustees of another trustee savings bank for the purpose of enabling the operations of that other bank to be extended;

954 Trustee Savings Banks Ac, 1954 Ch. 63 697

(6) to any persons proposing to form a new trustee savings bank for the purpose of providing for expenses incurred or to be incurred in connection with the formation and the initial working of the new bank.

(2) The amount of any advance made by the trustees of a bank under this section shall be defrayed either as part of the current expenses of the bank or, with the sanction of the Inspection Committee, out of any moneys standing to the credit of the bank in the separate surplus fund.

(3) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the power conferred by the last foregoing subsection to defray advances as part of the current expenses of the bank includes power to defray advances out of surplus moneys already accumulated, other than moneys standing to the credit of the bank in the separate surplus fund.

(4) The trustees of a trustee savings bank who have made an advance under this section may release the whole or any part of the principal of and interest on that advance.

53.—(1) A trustee savings bank may, with the approval of Grants by the Commissioners, make a grant to the Commissioners of such trustee savings amount as may be approved by the Commissioners, to be applied for the benefit of other trustee savings banks. other trustee

(2) The Commissioners shall, as part of the Fund for the 8av'ngs banks. Banks for Savings, maintain a separate account known as the

Mutual Assistance Account, and shall credit to that account any sums granted to the Commissioners under subsection (1) of this section; and the Mutual Assistance Account shall carry the like interest as the account of a trustee savings bank in the books of the Commissioners, and any interest credited to that account shall, for the purposes of the annual account to be prepared by the Commissioners under section thirty-four of this Act, be treated as interest credited to the trustees of savings banks.

(3) The Commissioners, upon the application of the Association, may if they think fit, debit the Mutual Assistance Account with any amount not exceeding that specified in the application, and credit that amount to the account in the books of the Commissioners of any trustee savings banks so specified.

(4) In addition to the power conferred by subsection (1) of this section, a trustee savings bank shall have power, with the approval of the Commissioners, to make direct to another trustee savings bank a grant of such amount and on such conditions as may be approved by the Commissioners.

(5) Any grant made by a trustee savings bank under any of the foregoing provisions of this section may be defrayed either as current expenses of the bank or, with the sanction of the

698 Ch. 63 Trustee Savings Banks , 1954 2 A 3 Euz.2

Inspection Committee, out of moneys standing to the credit of the bank in the separate surplus fund.

(6) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the power conferred by the last foregoing subsection to defray graats as current expenses of the bank includes power to defray grants out of surplus moneys already accumulated, other than the moneys standing to the credit of the bank in the separate suipha fund.

(7) The Commissioners may, at the request of a bank wind makes a grant under this section, debit that bank’s account in the books of the Commissioners with the amount of the grant and credit that amount in those books to the account of tie bank to which the grant is to be made, or to the Mutual Assut-ance Account, as the case may be.

Closing of trustee savings banks

Consent of 54.—(l) it shall not be lawful for the trustees of a trustee

reqSSed^or*" bank to close or dissolve the bank or cease to any

dosing a bank, on the business of the bank or to carry on business only for the purpose of winding up its affairs unless—

(a) the Commissioners consent, or

(b) the bank is ordered to be wound up in pursuance of section three hundred and ninety-nine of the Companies Act, 1948, or a corresponding enactmest forming part of the law of Northern Ireland.

(2) The consent of the Commissioners under this section shall not be given unless and until they have satisfied themselves, after consultation with the Inspection Committee and the Association, that there are no proper persons able and willing to act as trustees and managers of the bank.

(3) Where the trustees of a trustee savings bank propose to close the bank, they shall give to depositors such notice as the Commissioners may require of the facilities afforded by law to depositors for transferring their deposits to a post office savings bank.

Sale of 55.—(l) When a trustee savings bank is finally closed, the

W trustees, or any two or more of them, shall forthwith notify the ing a * Commissioners in writing, and shall, with the consent of the Commissioners, convert into money any property held by the said trustees or by any person as trustee for the bank.

(2) The said trustees, after paying the expenses of the conversion and any claims thereon, shall account for and pay over the residue to die Commissioners.

(3) The Commissioners shall carry the said residue to the separate surplus fund.

1954

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

Ch. 63

699

(4) The moneys carried on account of each bank to the separate surplus fund under this section shall be subject to any olaim that may thereafter be substantiated on account of any depositor in the bank.

(5) The trustees of a bank desiring to close the bank may with the consent of the Commissioners compensate their officers out of money standing to the credit of the bank in the separate surplus fund.

56.—(1) If the trustees of a trustee savings bank— fto?h?re

(a) give public notice of their intention to close the bank by a bank, posting a letter to each depositor at his residence when known, and by advertisement in a newspaper circulating in the district where the bank is situated and by affixing notice of their intention to close the bank on the outer door of the building in which the business of the bank is carried on, and

(b) transmit to the Commissioners a certified list (signed by two trustees and three managers of the bank) of the depositors who have not applied to them to receive their deposits or for transfer certificates, and of the amount due to them respectively, the Commissioners may accept from the said trustees all money remaining in the hands of the said trustees or their treasurer.

(2) If the said money with the money belonging to the bank in the hands of the Commissioners, together with the proceeds of sale of other property as referred to in the last foregoing section is sufficient to discharge the whole of the liabilities of the trustees to the depositors, as set out in the said list, the certificate of the Commissioners shall be a sufficient discharge to the trustees in respect of all money so paid over, or in the hands of the Commissioners.

(3) All the said moneys shall be held by the Commissioners, subject to the rights and claims of the depositors named in the list and those depositors shall thereafter be considered to be depositors in a post office savings bank.

(4) The said depositors, on presenting their deposit books at any post office savings bank, shall be entitled to claim payment of the sums due to them respectively, with the interest due to them thereon, and on establishing their claim shall be paid out of the moneys so paid over by the trustees under the last foregoing section and this section and the moneys in the hands of the Commissioners as above referred to.

(5) The surplus of the said moneys, if any, after providing for the sums due to the said depositors, shall be carried to the separate surplus fund in the books of the Commissioners and shall be subject to any claim that may thereafter be substantiated on account of any depositor in the bank.

700

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Ac, 1954 2 & 3 Em. 2

Security to be given by officers and others.

(6) The trustees shall not close the bank before the expiration of one month from the giving of the notice required by this section.

Officers and employees of trustee savings banks

57.—(1) The following persons, that is to say—

(a) every treasurer, actuary or cashier entrusted with the receipt or custody of a sum of money subscribed or deposited for the purpose of a trustee savings bank, or any interest or dividend accruing therefrom, and

(b) every officer or other person receiving any salary or allowance for his services from the funds of a trustee savings bank

shall give good and sufficient security to be approved of by not less than two trustees of the bank for the just and faithful execution of his office or trust:

Provided that—

(i) this subsection shall not apply to such persons or classes

of persons as the Commissioners may direct, and

(ii) paragraph (b) of this subsection shall not apply to supernumerary assistants employed at the periods of balancing the accounts.

(2) The security required by this section shall comprise security in respect of the amount received on account of special investments and the rules of the bank shall provide to the satisfaction of the Inspection Committee for the security in respect of that amount.

(3) The security to be given under this section by an actuary or cashier or officer or other person receiving any salary or allowance for his services shall be either—

(a) by bond, with one or more sureties, to the Comptroller General of the National Debt Office; or

(b) with the permission of the Commissioners, by the deposit of money or of Government securities or by the bond of a guarantee society; or

(c) if the Commissioners and the Inspection Committee

approve, by a single bond of a guarantee society guaranteeing all the persons employed by the bank or at any branch thereof who are required to give security,

and where security is given under paragraph (c) of this subsection, the annual premium on the bond shall be paid by the trustees of the bank, and the trustees of the bank shall be entitled to recover from each person covered by the bond such proportion of the premium as that person’s annual salary bears to the total amount of the annual salaries of the persons covered by the bond.

954

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

01.63

701

(4) In case of forfeiture the trustees or managers of the trustee savings bank may sue on the bond in the name of the said Z^omptroller General, and carry on the proceedings at the costs md charges and on behalf of the bank, fully indemnifying the Comptroller General from all costs and charges in respect of the proceedings.

(5) A bond given under this section shall, when executed, be deposited with the Commissioners and the Commissioners may, on application signed by not less than two trustees in such form as the Commissioners shall direct, deliver up to the bank any such bond deposited with them for the purpose of being cancelled.

58. If an actuary, cashier, secretary, officer or other person Persons failing holding a situation or appointment in a trustee savings bank to account for receives any sum of money from or on account of a depositor, mo"^ fro or person desirous of becoming a depositor, or on account of

the bank, and does not forthwith, or, in the case of local receivers acting on behalf of a trustee savings bank, within the time specified in the rules of that bank, duly account for and pay over the money to the trustees and managers or to such person as may be directed by the rules of the bank, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

59. —(1) No trustee or manager of a trustee savings bank shall Liability of

be personally liable, except— trustees and

(a) for money actually received by him on account of or mana8ere*

for the use of the bank which is not paid over and disposed of as directed by the rules of the bank,

(b) for neglect or omission in complying with the rules

required by the First Schedule to this Act to be adopted in the maintenance of checks, the audit and examination of accounts, the holding of meetings and the keeping of minutes of proceedings thereat, or

(c) for neglect or omission in taking security under section

fifty-seven of this Act from officers.

(2) The reference to any neglect or omission in paragraphs (b) and (c) of the foregoing subsection shall not include a reference to any act or omission in pursuance of an authority or direction given by the Commissioners under section nineteen of this Act or under the first proviso to subsection (1) of section fifty-seven of this Act.

60. —(1) A person who— Recovery of

(a) holds or receives any part of the money, effects or funds a

belonging to a trustee savings bank, or officers.

(b) is in any manner entrusted with the disposition, manage-

ment or custody of such money, effects or funds or of

704

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 2 & 3 Euz.2

his office for each year of service as such an officer, subject to a maximum of forty-eightieths thereof; and

(ii) an allowance by way of lump sum not exceeding one-thirtieth of the annual salary and emoluments of his office for each year of such service, subject to a maximum of forty-five thirtieths thereof; and

(6) grant to the personal representative of any such officer who, after five years’ service as such, dies while still employed in the service of the bank, a gratuity of an amount not exceeding the annual salary and emoluments of his office; and

(c) grant to the personal representative of any such officer who, after becoming entitled to an annual allowance, dies after he has retired from the service, and! in whose case the sums actually received by him at the time of his death on account of the annual allowance together with the sum received by him by way: of lump sum allowance are less than the amount erf the annual salary and emoluments of his office, a gratuity not exceeding the deficiency.

(2) Any sums payable under this section shall be paid as part of the current expenses of the bank, or with the sanction of the Inspection Committee, out of any moneys standing to the credit of the bank in the separate surplus fund.

(3) An annual allowance under this section shall only be continued so long as, in the opinion of the Inspection Committee, the funds of the 'bank admit of its payment.

Allocation of 65.—(1) An officer of a trustee savings bank who retires

part of from the service of the bank, otherwise than on the ground of j E^Sn,}Uati011 health, at any time after the coming into operation for that | dependants. bank of rules under this section shall be allowed to surrender, as from the date of his retirement, such part (not exceeding one-third) of any annual allowance which the trustees of the bank may grant to him under the last foregoing section as may be provided by the rules in return for the trustees granting to the wife or husband, as the case may be, of the officer or to a dependant of the officer a pension, payable from the like source as the said allowance, of such value as according to the tables for the time being in force for the purposes of section two of the Superannuation Act, 1935 (which provides for the allocation of superannuation benefits) is actuarially equivalent, on die

1954

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

Ch. 63

705

date of the officer’s retirement, to the value of that part of the said annual allowance which is surrendered.

(2) Rules under this section may with the approval of the Commissioners be made for any trustee savings bank by the trustees of the bank, and may provide—

(a) for the application thereof to officers of the bank generally or to any class of such officers;

(b) for the circumstances in which, and the conditions as to

proof of good health and other matters subject to which, an officer to whom the rules apply may surrender an allowance in accordance with the foregoing subsection;

(c) for the application in relation to any pension granted in

return for such a surrender of the provisions of subsection (3) of the last foregoing section subject to such modifications as appear to the trustees requisite for excluding from the application of that subsection so much of a pension as represent deductions in respect thereof made from instalments of the annual allowance of the retiring officer already paid to him.

(3) Any such pension as aforesaid for the benefit of a dependant, not being the spouse of the retiring officer, shall be payable in respect of the period, if any, for which the dependant survives the retiring officer, and any such pension as aforesaid for the benefit of the spouse of the retiring officer shall, according as the retiring officer may in conformity with the rules of the bank under this section elect, be payable either—

ta) in respect of the period, if any, for which the spouse survives the retiring officer, or

(b) in respect both of the period of their joint lives subsequent to the retirement and of the period, if any, for which the spouse survives the retiring officer,

and the rules may provide that a pension payable thereunder in respect of the periods mentioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection shall be paid at one rate in respect of the first of those periods and at a higher rate in respect of the second.

(4) If any person has, in accordance with rules under this section, surrendered part of an allowance, then for the purpose of calculating the amount of any gratuity which may be granted to his personal representative under paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of the last foregoing section the sums paid or payable to him at the time of his death on account of the said allowance shall be deemed to be the sums which would have been so paid or payable but for the surrender.

z

706

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 2 A3Elej

Officers of Inspection Committee.

Superannuation payments for transferred officers.

Ch. 63

66. —(1) Subject to the consent of the Treasury given oefc recommendation of the Commissioners, the Inspection Cbw tee shall have the same power of granting superannuation aft*, ances and gratuities to officers of the Committee and to & personal representatives of such officers as is by subsection iji of section sixty-four of this Act conferred on the trustees of i trustee savings bank with respect to officers of the bankas! their personal representatives.

(2) The last foregoing section shall apply to the Inspects! Committee and officers thereof as they apply to a trustee savings bank and officers thereof, with the substitution for referents to the trustees of a trustee savings bank or to such a bank of references to the Committee, and for references to the said section sixty-four, and any provision thereof, of references to tk section or provision as applied by the foregoing subsection.

(3) The amounts payable under this section shall, for the purpose of section thirty-five of this Act be deemed to be expeus incurred by the Committee in the exercise of their powers.

67. —(1) Where an officer of the Inspection Committee or tk Association has been transferred to service with a trustee saving bank, or an officer of a trustee savings bank or the Associate has been transferred to service with the Inspection Committee, then for the purposes of the three last foregoing sections tk period of continuous trustee savings bank service of the officer ending with the transfer shall, subject to the provisions of tte section, be reckoned as if it were a period of service with tk bank or Committee to service with which the officer is transferred.

(2) In this section the expression "trustee savings bul service " means service with any trustee savings bank institution that is to say, any trustee savings bank, the Inspection Committee or the Association, and trustee savings bank service shall he treated as continuous if interrupted only on transfer from one trustee savings bank institution to another.

(3) In respect of the transfer of an officer of a trustee savings bank to service with another such bank or the Inspection Committee or the Association, or of an officer of the Committee to service with a trustee savings bank or the Association, tk trustees of the bank from service with which he is transferred or the Committee, as the case may be, may, with the approval of the Commissioners, pay to the bank. Committee or Assoc* tion to service with which the officer is transferred sock amount as may with the like approval be determined by tk trustees or Committee making the payment to represent tk superannuation value, at the date of the transfer, of the continuous trustee savings bank service of the officer ending with that date.

4

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954

Ch. 63

707

iny payment under this subsection by trustees or the Inspec-i Committee may be defrayed in the like manner as sums able by the trustees or Committee under the three last agoing sections.

4) No payment shall be made—

(a) by the trustees of a trustee savings bank under the said

sections by reference to previous service of an officer of the bank with the Inspection Committee or the Association, or

(b) by the Inspection Committee under the said sections

by reference to previous service of an officer of the Committee with a trustee savings 'bank or the Association,

Less on the transfer of the officer in question to service with ? bank or the Committee, as the case may be, payment was ide to them in respect of the officer by the bank. Committee Association from service with which the officer was transferred an amount equal to the superannuation value, at the date of c transfer, of the said previous service.

(5) For the purposes of this section, the superannuation value, the date of any transfer, of any service of a transferred officer all be an amount, calculated in accordance with rules for the irposes of this section made by the Commissioners by statutory strument, equivalent to the actuarial value at that date of the iperannuation benefits, so far as attributable to the service in ration, which would be payable in respect of him if he con-nued to serve with the bank. Committee or Association from rvice with which he is transferred at the remuneration payable ► him immediately before the transfer until his trustee savings ink service was terminated by death or retirement.

68.—(1) The trustees of a trustee savings bank, or of two or Establishment lore such banks acting jointly, may, with the approval of the ofsuper-ispection Committee and in accordance with rules made by ie trustees with the consent of the Commissioners, establish reserve fund to be known as the superannuation reserve; and here such a reserve has been established any superannuation ayment hilling to be made by the trustees of the bank, or of ay of the banks, for which the reserve was established shall, i such cases and to such extent as may be provided by rules nder this subsection be defrayed out of the superannuation eserve instead of being defrayed in the manner provided by be foregoing provisions of this Act.

In this section the expression "superannuation payment’* oeans a payment under the four last foregoing sections.

708

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 2 & 3 Buz. 2

(2) Rules made as aforesaid shall provide for the source from which and the manner in which the trustees shall make payment* to the superannuation reserve, and for the application of tlw assets thereof otherwise than in defraying superannuation payments either where it is determined in accordance with tta rules that the assets of the superannuation reserve exceed the amount likely to be required for defraying such payments or hi the event of the winding up of the bank, or of any of the banks, for which the reserve was established, or in such other drcum stances as may be provided by the rules; and—

(a) save as may be provided by the rules the assets of the

superannuation reserve shall not be applicable except for the purpose of defraying superannuation payments and any expenses of managing die reserve, and

(b) subsection (3) of section sixty-four of this Act shall! notwithstanding anything in that subsection or in rule* made under section sixty-five of this Act, not appfy to so much of any superannuation payment as is pay able out of the superannuation reserve.

(3) The assets of any superannuation reserve established under this section shall be invested with the Commissioners on the same terms and in the like manner as assets of the banic in question which are invested with the Commissioners in pur suance of section twenty-six of this Act.

(4) The Commissioners, after consultation with the Inspection Committee, may require any trustees to amend rules made bj them for the purposes of this section in such manner as the Commissioners may specify, and if it appears to the Commissioners that the trustees have failed within a reasonable time to comply with any such requirement the Commissioners maj direct that the rules shall have effect as if amended in accordance with the requirement.

(5) Rules under this section may contain such incident

and supplementary provisions as appear requisite for the pur poses of this section. i

(6) Where superannuation reserves have been established whether joindy or separately, for two or more trustee saving banks, the reserves may, with the approval of the Commissioner^ be amalgamated on such terms as to the making of payment out of the amalgamated reserves as may be agreed between tin trustees of the banks in question, and where superannuation reserves have been amalgamated in pursuance of this subsection they shall be treated as if they were a single superannuation reserve established by the said banks acting joindy, and the fort going provisions of this section shall apply accordingly. i

>54

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954

Ch. 63

709

69.—*(1) The trustees of a trustee savings bank, or of two or Establishment lore such banks acting jointly, may in accordance with rules of contributory tade by them with the consent of the Commissioners establish ?lpc^15Sa’ contributory superannuation fund, to be vested in trustees l,on ^pointed in accordance with the rules, to which contributions tall be made, of such amounts and payable at such times and i such manner as may be provided by the rules,—

(a) by the persons for whom provision can be made out of

the fund and who are employed in the service of the bank or banks by whom the fund is established;

(b) by the trustees of the said bank or banks, from such

source as may be provided by the rules.

(2) The assets of any fund established under this section shall e applied—

(a) in providing, in respect of persons employed in the ser-

vice of the bank or banks in question or any class of such persons, as may be provided by the rules, benefits of all or any of the descriptions provided for by section sixty-four of this Act, of amounts not exceeding those which could be paid under that section,

(b) in repaying, in such cases and to such extent as may be

provided by the rules, the amount of contributions made to the fund by persons in the service of the bank, or any of the banks, in question, together with compound interest thereon calculated at such rate and in such manner as may be provided by the rules but subject to the deduction (in so far as the rules so provide) of sums due from such persons to the bank by whom they have been employed,

(c) in defraying, in so far as the rules so provide, the cost

of payments under subsection (3) of section sixty-seven of this Act,

() in defraying the expenses of management of the fund:

Provided that where it is determined in accordance with the ales that the assets of the fund exceed the amount likely to be iquired under the four foregoing paragraphs, or in the event of ie winding up of the bank, or of any of the banks, for which le fund was established, or in such other circumstances as may e provided by the rules, the assets shall become applicable in uch other manner as may be so specified. 3

(3) Subsections (3) to (6) of the last foregoing section shall pply for the purposes of this section with the substitution for eferences to a superannuation reserve of references to a contri-utory superannuation fund and for references to that section if references to this section.

710

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks A, 1954 2 & 3 EuzJ

Qtoeral default powers of Commis-stoners.

Accounts to be presented by Commissioners.

General default powers of Commissioners

70.—(1) If—

(a) the trustees of a trustee savings bank neglect or refos

to obey any orders or directions given by the Commissioners, whether or not through their officers, ii pursuance of this Act; or

(b) default is made in complying with the requirements q

section five of this Act as respects any trustee saving bank; or

(c) the trustees of a trustee savings bank neglect or refus

to make out and transmit to the Commissk>oers th annual statement mentioned in section forty-seven c this Act within the period of nine weeks mentioocj in that section; or

() the Inspection Committee have under subsection G of section forty-nine of this Act reported to the Commissioners that a trustee savings bank has failed ti remedy such a default, or reduce such expenditure, t is mentioned in that section,

the Commissioners may close the account of the trustee saving bank and may direct that no further sum shall be accepted a the Bank of England or at the Bank of Ireland from the trusted of that trustee savings bank to the Commissioners’ account such time as the Commissioners think fit.

(2) After the Commissioners have closed an account unde this section, they may, if the trustees of the trustee savings ban| comply with the directions of the Commissioners or their officer! re-open the said account and again authorise the acceptance o money at the Bank of England or Ireland; and they may alkn the payment of compound interest on the account during th period when it was closed.

Miscellaneous

71.—(1) The Commissioners shall at the close of each ye? ending on the twentieth day of November prepare an accoui with respect to trustee savings banks containing such particulai and in such form as the Treasury may direct. 2

(2) The account so prepared shall be transmitted to th Treasury as soon as may be after it is made, and shall be lai before Parliament not later than the fifteenth day of February i each year, or, if Parliament be not then sitting, within ten da) after the next assembly of Parliament.

1954

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

Ch. 63

711

72. —(1) Any ledger, book of account, register or minute book Keeping by required by any provisions of this Act or by the rules of a Jwjdcsof trustee savings bank, to be kept by a trustee savings bank, may

be kept by making entries in a bound book or by recording registers and the matters in question in any other manner. minute books

(2) Where any such ledger, book of account, register or minute book is not kept by making entries in a bound book but by some other means, precautions shall be taken to the satisfaction of the Inspection Committee for guarding against falsification and facilitating its discovery.

73. —(1) The Treasury shall have power, with the concurrence Forms of of the Commissioners, to make regulations prescribing the documents, manner in which and the persons by whom any document required by this Act to be used in connection with a trustee savings bank is to be signed or executed and the provisions of

this Act with respect to the manner in which or person by whom any particular document is to be signed or executed shall, in so far as they conflict with any regulations under this subsection, cease to have effect as from the date when the regulations come into force.

(2) Except in so far as regulations under the foregoing subsection otherwise provide, all receipts, orders, certificates, indorsements, accounts, returns or instruments, or other matters or things required for carrying into execution this Act shall contain such particulars and shall be made in such form and manner and under such conditions as shall be directed or required or approved by the Commissioners or their officers.

(3) Regulations under this section shall have effect as if enacted in this Act and the power of making such regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument a draft of which shall be laid before Parliament

74. The rules of a trustee savings bank may provide for the Rules of execution and signing of instruments and documents on behalf baS^2Ltioil of the trustees by not less than four trustees authorised for the of documents, purpose by the trustees, and any such rules, if duly certified

shall be binding on all persons, and be operative for all purposes, but shall not affect anything contained in any regulations made by the Commissioners under section thirty of this Act.

75. —(1) Where the Commissioners, in pursuance of section Advances to one of this Act, approve the formation of a new trustee savings ncw banks* bank, the Commissioners may, after consultation with the Association and the Inspection Committee, advance to the

trustees of that bank out of such part of the separate surplus fund as stands to the credit of closed banks, such sums as they

712

Ch. 63

Fees taken by Registrar.

Exemption from stamp duty.

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 2 & 3 Euz.2

think fit far the purpose of providing for expenses incurred in connection with the formation and the initial working of the bank; and any such advance may be made on such terms and conditions and for such period as the Commissioners with the consent of the Treasury may determine.

(2) The Commissioners may, with the consent of the Treasury, release the whole or any part of the principal of and interest on any advance made by the Commissioners under this section.

76,—(1) The Treasury may by warrant direct that there shall be charged upon any certificate or authority given, and any award, order or determination made by the Registrar under this Act, such reasonable fee as may be fixed by the warrant of the Treasury.

(2) Every such fee shall be paid into the Exchequer, and

shall be paid by such persons and in such manner as may be directed by the warrant i

(3) No fee which is not allowed by the warrant shall be charged or taken in respect of any matter for which a fee can be charged under this section.

(4) The power of making warrants under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and a draft statutory instrument under this section shall be laid before both Housed of Parliament for at least forty days before the statutory instrtt ment is made, but section six of the Statutory Instruments Adi 1946, shall not apply to a statutory instrument under this section] 77

77. No stamp duty shall be charged on—

(a) a power, warrant or letter of attorney given by a person

as trustee of a trustee savings bank or by a deposited in a trustee savings bank authorising a person to makt a deposit on behalf of the depositor, or to sign a docu ment or instrument required by the rules of the banl on making a deposit, or to withdraw a deposit, or the dividends or interest on a deposit, j

(b) a receipt, or entry in a receipt book, for a deposii in a trustee savings bank, or for any money received by a depositor, or his personal representatives, assign! or attornies, from the funds of a trustee savings bank

(c) a draft or order, an appointment of an agent, ai

instrument for the revocation of any such appointment a surety-bond, or any other instrument or document whatever required or authorised to be given, issued signed, made or produced in pursuance of this Act

954

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954

Ch. 63

713

78. Neither the Bank of England nor the Bank of Ireland nor Indemnity for be Commissioners shall be under any liability in respect of any-bing required or permitted to be done in pursuance of this Act. EngIan<1,

79. The Commissioners may employ such clerks and other Commit officers as may be necessary for the purposes of this Act, and rionere’ staff, he Treasury may determine the remuneration of those clerks >r other officers.

80. If a bank, association, company or other person, not Use of title reing a trustee savings bank, shall use or adopt the tide of of certified ‘savings bank certified under the Act of 1863" or "savings?J*ving8bank bank certified under the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954," as unauthorised their or his designation, or in carrying on business, the members penons. of the association or company or, as the case may be, the said person, shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

Supplemental and general

81. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires— Interpretation.

" the Association " has the meaning assigned to it by section eight of this Act;

" the Commissioners " means the National Debt Commissioners;

" friendly society " means a friendly society registered in the manner required by the Acts for the time being in force relating to friendly societies and includes a registered branch of a friendly society;

" Inspection Committee " means the Committee established under section four of this Act;

"ordinary deposit" has the meaning assigned to it by section eleven of this Act;

" penny savings bank " means a bank the rules of which fix a sum not exceeding five pounds as the maximum amount which may stand to the credit of any one depositor therein at any one time, and which provide, upon the attainment of that maximum amount, for its transfer to an account opened in the depositor's own name in the savings bank where the deposit account of the penny savings bank is kept;

" Registrar " has the meaning assigned to it by section one hundred and six of the Friendly Societies Act, 1896;

z*

714

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 2 & 3 Buz. 2

Repeal and transitional provisions.

" reserves " means as respects any bank the whole of the assets of the bank, less the amount necessary to dis charge in full all liability to depositors in the bank and outstanding management expenses;

" separate surplus fund " has the meaning assigned to it bj section thirty-eight of this Act;

" special investments " has the meaning assigned to it by section eleven of this Act;

" trustee " in relation to a trustee savings bank does not include a custodian trustee;

" trustee savings bank *' means a bank certified under this Act or the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863.

82.—(1) The enactments and regulations set out in the Third Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed and revoked to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) Nothing in the repeal of the said enactments shall affect any instrument made or other thing whatsoever done under any enactment repealed by this Act and every instrument or other thing made or done under any enactment reproduced in this Act shall contine in force and, so far as it could have been made or done under this Act, shall have effect as if made or done under the corresponding provision of this Act.

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect the application of an Act passed in the fifty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Third intituled an Act for the Protection of Banks for Savings in Scotland to any savings bank established under that Act before the twenty-eighth day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-three (that is to say the date of the passing of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863), unless and until that bank becomes a trustee savings bank.

(4) Nothing in this section shall affect the savings on the repeal of section twelve and sections fifty-one to fifty-four of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863, contained in section twelve of the Savings Banks Act, 1949, or the savings on the repeal of provisions in section forty-one of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863, contained in the Eleventh Schedule to the Finance Act, 1949.

(5) Any enactment or other document whatsoever referrind to any enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed afl referring (or including a reference) to the corresponding enacts ment in this Act.

954

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

Ch. 63

715

(6) The mention of particular matters in this section shall not e held to prejudice or affect the general application of section birty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, with regard to the fleet of repeals.

83.—(1) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Application Northern Ireland.

(2) In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland, the provisions of this Act relating to stamp duties (being matters vith respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland may nake laws) shall be treated for the purposes of section six of the 3ovemment of Ireland Act, 1920 (which provides that that Parliament may amend laws of the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed before the day appointed for the purposes of that section) as passed before that day.

84.—(1) In relation to sums of money which at the commence- Application ment of this Act stand in the books of the Commissioners to the of Act to credit of a trustee savings bank in the Republic of Ireland or «ankshlin f which may thereafter be credited in those books to such a trustee inland.C ° savings bank in pursuance of section fourteen of this Act or any other enactment, references in this Act to trustee savings banks shall include references to trustee savings banks in the Republic of Ireland.

(2) Save as otherwise expressly provided by the foregoing subsection or any other provision of this Act, references in this Act to trustee savings banks shall not include references to trustee savings banks in the Republic of Ireland.

85. This Act shall extend to the Isle of Man and the Channel Application to Islands and in this Act the expression " United Kingdom "Isle of Man shall include those Islands. C'hannel

86.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Trustee Savings Banks Short title Act, 1954. and com-

mencement.

(2) This Act shall come into operation at the expiration of a period of two months, beginning with the date on which it is passed.

Z* 2

716

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954 2 &3Euu

Section 2.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Matters to be covered by the Rules of a Bank which is to hue

THE BENEFIT OF THIS ACT

The rules of a trustee savings bank must expressly provide far tfc following matters.

1. —(1) That a person who is a treasurer, trustee or manager the bank, or who has any control in the management of the bank,>9 not derive any benefit from any deposit made in the bank.

(2) That the persons depositing money in the bank shall have the whole benefit of those deposits and the produce thereof, except far such salaries and allowances or other necessary expenses as bht, according to the rules of the bank, be provided for the charge if managing the bank and for remuneration to officers employed b the management of the bank, so, however, that the treasurer, trustees, managers or other persons having direction of the management of tk bank shall not directly or indirectly have any salary, allowance, put or benefit whatsoever therefrom, beyond their actual expenses forth purposes of the bank.

2. —(1) That not less than two persons who are trustees, manage or paid officers appointed for that specific purpose shall be press on all occasions of public business, and be parties to every traasactioi of deposit and repayment, so as to form at least a double check oi every such transaction with depositors.

(2) That where the bank is open for not more than six horn a every week, and there are only two such persons, one of them ska! be a trustee or manager.

Note.—Notwithstanding that this provision is contained mb, receipts and repayments of deposits may be carried out in accorfau with section nineteen of this Act.

3. That the depositor's passbook shall be compared with the ledger on every transaction of repayment, and on its first production at die bank after each twentieth day of November.

4. That every depositor in the bank shall once at least in every year cause his deposit book to be produced at the office of the bank foe the purpose of being examined.

5. That no money be received from or paid to depositors except £ the office or branch offices where the business of the bank is earned on under the authority of the board of managers, and during the usual hours for public business:

Provided that the rules of the bank may, if the Commissknes approve, provide for payments to and by depositors being made it the office of another bank, whether that other bank is a trustee saving bank or not.

954

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954

Ch. 63

717

6. That a public accountant or one or more auditors be appointed 1st Sen.

>y the trustees and managers, but not out of their own body,— —corn.

(a) to examine the books of the bank, and

(b) to report in writing to the board or committee of manage-

ment the result of the audit not less than once in every half-year, and

(c) to examine an extracted list of the depositors* balances made up every year to the twentieth day of November and to certify as to the correct amount of the liabilities and assets of the bank.

7. That a book containing such an extracted list as aforesaid of every depositor’s balance, omitting the name, but giving the distinctive number and amount of each, and showing the aggregate number and amount of the whole, checked and certified by the said public accountant or auditors, be open at any time during the hours of public business for the inspection of every depositor as respects his own account, to examine his own deposit book therewith, and the general results of the same.

8. That the trustees and managers or committee of management shall hold meetings once at least in every half year, and shall keep minutes of their proceedings in a separate book provided for that purpose.

9. That where a bank is established with agents or local receivers elsewhere than at the head office, those agents and local receivers shall duly receive and account for all moneys on account of the bank, that a second party shall be present in every transaction where money is paid or received, and that the depositors* books shall be periodically examined with the ledger, at least once in every year.

Note.—Notwithstanding that this provision is contained in the , receipts and repayments of deposits may he carried out in accordance with section nineteen of this Act.

General note.—Additional requirements as to the contents of the rules are imposed by sections sixteen, twenty-two, thirty-nine and fifty-seven of this Act.

SECOND SCHEDULE Section 30.

Withdrawals from the Fund for the Banks for Savings

Part I General

1.—(1) To enable a trustee savings bank to withdraw money from the Commissioners, an agent shall, by an instrument signed and sealed by not less than two trustees of the bank and witnessed by two managers of the bank, be appointed to receive the sums of money which the trustees may require from the Commissioners.

(2) The appointment shall be produced to the officer of the Commissioners at least fourteen days before any sum of money is paid on account of the bank, and shall be deposited in the office of the Commissioners.

718

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Ac, 1954 2 &3Euz.2

2nd Sch. (3) The trustees who made the appointment, or the survivor of —com. them, may revoke the appointment by signing and sealing an instrument

to that effect witnessed by two managers of the bank.

(4) If all the said trustees except one have died the surviving; trustee together with not less than two of the other trustees of the; bank may make a further appointment in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph reappointing the agent or appointing some other person in his place.

(5) If all the said trustees have died or refuse to act, not less than two of the other trustees of the bank may make the further appointment

(6) Every revocation of an appointment and every further appointment shall be produced to the officer of the Commissioners at least fourteen days before any sum of money is paid to the new agent and shall be deposited in the office of the Commissioners.

2. —(1) The trustees of a trustee savings bank may withdraw sums of money standing in the books of the Commissioners by making out a draft for payment to the agent appointed under the foregoing paragraph.

The draft shall be addressed to the Commissioners and signed by any two trustees of the bank and attested by two other trustees or managers or any two credible witnesses.

(2) The officer of the Commissioners shall, on production of the draft, within five days indorse on the draft an order signed by him for the payment of the sum mentioned in the draft together with the amount of all interest due on that sum up to the day immediately j preceding the day of the date of the officer’s order.

(3) The officer’s order shall, before it is issued, be entered ami countersigned by the clerk or other proper officer making the entry and shall be addressed to the cashiers of the Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland, as the case may be.

(4) A cashier of the Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland, as the case may be, shall, on production of the officer’s order, pay the; sum mentioned therein to the agent mentioned in the trustees’ draft.

(5) The signature of the said agent shall be sufficient discharge to the Commissioners and to the Bank of England or the Bank of I Ireland, as the case may be, and all payments made in pursuance of! the trustees' draft shall be taken to be made by the Commissioners to | the trustees of the trustee savings bank according to the order in which | the original receipts in respect of money invested with the Commissioners were issued to the trustees of that bank under this Act

3. If the sums drawn for by any drafts by the trustees of a trustee i savings bank exceed ten thousand pounds those sums shall not be payable by the officer of the Commissioners until the expiration of fourteen days after the day when the drafts are produced to that officer.

4. The officer of the Commissioners shall not issue any order for payment to a trustee savings bank of a principal sum exceeding ten thousand pounds and shall not issue two or more such orders dated , on the same day in favour of the same trustee savings bank for more than that amount:

Provided that the limit imposed by this paragraph may be exceeded if it appears to the Commissioners that, owing to any special circumstances existing at the time, it is desirable that it should be exceeded.

?54

Trustee Savings Banks , 1954

Ch. 63

719

5.—(1) If application is made in person at the office of the Commissioners—

(a) in a case where an agent has been appointed under para-

graph 1 of this Schedule, by a trustee who signed the appointment, or

(b) in a case where no appointment has been made, by any trustee of a trustee savings bank,

nd the applicant produces a draft for less than five thousand pounds igned by two or more other trustees of the bank or a draft for a greater sum signed by four or more other trustees of the bank, and he identity of the applicant is ascertained to the satisfaction of the Commissioners or their officer, the said officer may direct payment to >e made to the applicant as if he were such an agent as aforesaid, but •ubject to the limitations laid down by the foregoing paragraphs in he case of payment to an agent.

(2) Nothing in this paragraph shall invalidate the appointment of such an agent as aforesaid.

Borrowing on Security of Exchequer Bills to meet Withdrawals

6.—(1) The Treasury may, on the application of the Commissioners or their officer certifying that any sum of money is required to meet withdrawals by trustee savings banks, by warrant cause Exchequer Bills to be made out for the whole or a part of the sum so certified.

(2) The Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Commissioners on the credit of the Exchequer Bills such sums, at such times and under such conditions as the Commissioners and the Bank of England or Ireland may agree for the purposes of this Act.

(3) The principal of, and interest due under, the Exchequer Bills shall be discharged by the Commissioners—

(a) out of moneys paid into the Fund for the Banks for Savings by the trustees of a trustee savings bank, or

(b) by the sale of any securities standing to the credit of that Fund,

or partly in one of those ways and partly in the other.

(4) On the making of a payment under the last foregoing sub-paragraph, the Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland, as the case may be, shall deliver Exchequer Bills to the Commissioners to the amount of the principal sum so paid off and discharged, and the Commissioners shall forthwith cause those Exchequer Bills to be cancelled.

2nd Sch.

—cant.

Part II

720

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Ac, 1954 2 & 3 Euz.2

Section 82.

THIRD SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter

Short Title

9 Geo. 4. c. 92.

The Savings Bank Act 1828.

3 & 4 Will. 4.

c. 14.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 57.

The Savings Bank Act, 1833.

The Savings Bank Act, 1835.

23 & 24 Vict.

The National Debt Com-

c. 137.

26 & 27 Vict, c. 14.

26 & 27 Vict, e. 25.

26 & 27 Vict, c. 87.

29 & 30 Vict, c. 5.

32 & 33 Vict, c. 59.

39 & 40 Vict, c. 52.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 13.

43 & 44 Vict, c. 36.

missioners (Investments) Act, 1860.

The Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1863.

The Savings Bank Investment Act, 1863.

The Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863.

The Savings Bank Investment Act, 1866.

The Savings Bank Investment Act, 1869.

The Savings Banks (Barrister) Act, 1876.

The Customs, Inland Revenue and Savings Banks Act, 1877.

The Savings Banks Act, 1880.

50 & 51 Vict. The Savings Banks Act, c. 40. 1887.

50 & 51 Vict, c. 47.

51 & 52 Vict, c. 15.

54 & 55 Vict, c. 21.

The Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1887.

The National Debt (Supplemental) Act, 1888. The Savings Banks Act, 1891.

3 Edw. 7. c. 46 The Revenue Act, 1903 ...

4 Edw. 7. c. 8. The Savings Banks Act,

1904.

Extent of Repeal

The whole Act so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

The whole Act so far as rdatei to trustee savings banks.

The whole Act so far as rdatei to trustee savings banks.

The whole Act.

Sections two to six.

The whole Act so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

The whole Act.

The whole Act so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

The whole Act so far as relate to trustee savings banks.

The whole Act so far as relate to trustee savings banks.

Section fifteen.

Section seventeen so far as relates to trustee savings banks

The whole Act

Section one so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

Section two.

Section three so far as relate to trustee savings banks.

The whole Act.

Section five.

Sections one to ten.

In section twelve, subsection (I) and, so far as relates to trustee savings banks, subsection (2)

Sections fifteen to nineteen so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

In section sixteen in subsecdoo (1), the words " of a savings bank or".

Section one.

Section two so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

Sections four to seven.

Section nine so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

Sections thirteen to sixteen so far as relates to trustee savings banks

1954

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954

Ch. 63

721

Session and Chapter

Short Title

5 A 6 Geo. 5. c, 93.

The War Loan (Supplemental Provisions) Act,

1915.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 4.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 12.

The Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1918.

The Savings Banks Act, 1920.

19 & 20 Geo.5. The Savings Banks Act, c. 27. 1929.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 37.

8 A 9 Geo. 6. c. 12.

The Trustee Savings Banks (Special Investments) Act, 1934.

The Northern Ireland (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 26.

The Emergency Laws (Transitional Provisions) Act, 1946.

10 All Geo.6. c. 6.

10 All Geo.6. c. 35.

11 A12 Geo. 6. c. 39.

The Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1947.

The Finance Act, 1947.

The Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies Act, 1948.

Extent of Repeal

Section ten.

In section eleven the words from 44and so far4* in the second place where they occur to the end of the section.

The whole Act.

Section one so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

Section two.

Sections three and four so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

Section six so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

In section ten the second paragraph in subsection (2) and, in subsection (3), the words 44 as regards any trustee savings bank, the trustees of the bank *.

Sections one to four.

Section five so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

Sections six to nine.

Sections ten and thirteen so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

Sections fourteen to nineteen.

In section twenty, subsection (2) so far as relates to trustee savings banks.

The whole Act.

In section seven, subsections (1) and (3) and, so far as relates to trustee savings banks, subsection (2).

In the Second Schedule, the amendments of the enactments relating to trustee savings banks.

The whole Act.

In section seventy-two, subsections (2) and (3).

In section nineteen, in subsection (5), in paragraph (a) the words from 44 and section thirty-two * to the end of the paragraph.

3rd Sea

—cont.

722

Ch. 63

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1954 2 & 3 Buz. 2

3rd Sch.

— corn.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

12, 13 & 14 The Savings Banks Act, Sections one to six.

Geo. 6. c. 13. 1949. In section seven, subsection (1) and (3) and, so far s relates to trustee savmp banks, subsection (2). Sections eight to fourteen. Section sixteen. In section seventeen, sahwcctioc

i (2). i

Regulations revoked

The Trustee Savings Banks In the Second Schedule, the entries refaftn Regulations, 1929. to forms under sections eight and fifaes

of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863

Local Loans Act, 1875

Interpretation Act, 1889 Savings Banks Act, 1891 Friendly Societies Act, 1896 ...

Government of Ireland Act, 1920 Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921

Trustee Act, 1925

Superannuation Act, 1935 Statutory Instruments Act, 1946

Companies Act, 1948

Savings Banks Act, 1949 Finance Act, 1949

26 & 27 Vict. c. 87.

38 & 39 Vict, c. 83.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 21.

59 & 60 Vict c. 25.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 58.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 19.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 21 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 13. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 47.

1954 Transport Charges &c. Ch. 64 723

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

CHAPTER 64

Transport Charges &c. (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Charges on certain independent public service vehicles.

2. Charges on independent tramways, trolley vehicles and railways of the

nature of a tramway.

3. Application of charges schemes to independent railway and inland

waterway undertakings.

4. Modification and alteration of charges schemes in application to

independent railway and inland waterway undertakings.

5. Extension to independent railway and inland waterway undertakings of

provisions applying to Commission.

6. Revision of charges by independent harbour undertakings, etc.

7. Power of independent harbour undertaking to make charges in respect

of seaplanes, etc.

8. Revocation in part (with savings) of Defence Regulation 56.

9. Control of number of passengers on public service vehicles, tramcars

and trolley vehicles.

10. Yearly accounts and returns by independent railway undertakings.

11. Repeal of requirement to transmit benefit of rate-relief.

12. Expenses, etc.

13. Interpretation.

14. Repeals, adaptations and savings.

15. Short title and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Powers and duties of licensing authority for public service vehicles with respect to charges on independent tramways, trolley vehicles and railways of the nature of a tramway.

Second Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to amend the law relating to the charges of certain undertakings connected with transport and to the accounts and returns to be prepared by railway undertakings, being in either case undertakings which do not form part of the undertaking -of the British Transport Commission; to revoke in part (with savings) Defence Regulation 56; to provide for the control of the number of passengers to be carried on public service vehicles, tramcars and trolley vehicles; to repeal the Railway Freight Rebates Enactments,

1929 to 1943; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[25th November, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) This section shall apply to services by public service Chargee on vehicles provided by any independent statutory undertaking, certain (2) The fares chargeable on any service to which this section applies provided under a road service licence shall be those vehicles.

724

Ch. 64

Transport Charges Ac. 2 & 3 ?

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

fixed by the licensing authority for public service vehicles by means of conditions attached to the licence under, and a accordance with the provisions of, section seventy-two of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, or, in the case of any fares not fixed, such fares as the undertakers may think fit; and for the purposes of any application for the grant of, or for the vans-tion of the conditions attached to, such a licence the undertakes shall have power to propose such fares as they may think fit

(3) The charges to be made for passengers on any other service to which this section applies shall be such as the undertakes may think fit.

(4) Subject, in the case of any service provided under a road service licence, to any conditions attached to the licence as aforo> said by the said licensing authority, the charges to be made for the carriage on any service to which this section applies of dop or other animals, luggage, parcels, or other goods or articles (when and to the extent that such carriage is authorised) shall be such, if any, as the undertakers may think fit

(5) Where any independent undertaking providing services by public service vehicles is not a statutory undertaking bit the fares chargeable on any particular services provided by that undertaking are regulated by an agreement confirmed or authorised by an Act of Parliament, this section shall apply to those particular services as if the undertaking were a statutory undertaking.

Charges on 2.—(1) This section shall have effect with respect to services

mdeP^dent by tramway, trolley vehicles or a railway of the nature of a volley vehicles tramway provided by any independent undertaking, other than and railways of services by a tramway laid wholly along a pier, thenatureof (2) A licensing authority for public service vehicles shall hive a inway. such powers and duties as are conferred or imposed by the First Schedule to this Act with respect to the charges to be made on any service to which that Schedule applies.

(3) In the case of an undertaking providing services to which Part II of the said First Schedule applies, being an undertaking in existence at the date of the passing of this Act, the undertakers—

(a) shall continue to have the same powers with respect to

the fares chargeable on regular services to which tint Part of that Schedule applies as they would have had if this Act had not been passed unless and until faretables for such services provided by that undertaking have been approved by such a licensing authority as aforesaid under that Part of that Schedule and haw come into effect;

(b) for the purposes of any application to such a licensing

authority as aforesaid under that Part of that Schedok

1954

Transport Charges &c,

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

Ch. 64

725

with respect to any service to which that Part of that Schedule applies, shall have power to propose such fares as they may think fit.

(4) Subject to the provisions of Part III of the said First Schedule, the charges to be made for passengers on any service with respect to which this section has effect but to which Part II of that Schedule does not apply shall be such as the undertakers may think fit.

(5) Subject, in the case of any service to which the said First Schedule applies, to any authorisation or direction given by the said licensing authority under that Schedule, the charges to be made for the carriage on any service with respect to which this section has effect of dogs or other animals, luggage, parcels, or other goods or articles (where and to the extent that such carnage is authorised) shall be such, if any, as the undertakers may think fit

(6) The following provisions of the Railways Act 1921, that is to say. Part III (so far as it applies to light railways) and section seventy-two, shall cease to apply to any independent light railway which is a railway of the nature of a tramway.

3.—(1) This section shall apply to—

(a) any independent railway undertaking, being a statutory undertaking and not being an undertaking carrying on only—

(i) a railway of the nature of a tramway; or

(ii) a railway laid wholly or mainly over a beach or wholly along a pier; or

(iii) a railway of the nature of a lift providing communication between the top and bottom of a cliff;

(h) any independent inland waterway undertaking any of

the charges of which are 1888 Act charges:

Provided that this section or any order made thereunder shall not apply—

(i) to any inland waterway undertaking in relation to

charges other than 1888 Act charges; or

(ii) to any inland waterway undertaking forming part of a

harbour undertaking if the inland waterway is situated wholly within the limits of the harbour; or

(iii) to any undertaking in relation to any charge if the statutory provisions relating to that undertaking confer a power of revising that charge on the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation and some other Minister acting together.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the next following section, as from the expiration of a period of one month beginning with

Application of charges schemes to independent railway and inland waterway undertakings

726

Ch. 64

Transport Charges &c. 2 & 3 Euz.2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

the date of the passing of this Act the British Transport Coin, mission (Passenger) Charges Scheme, 1954, as generally in force shall apply in relation to the passenger services by rail provided by any independent railway undertaking to which this section applies as it applies in relation to passenger services by rail provided by the Commission otherwise than upon the London Lines within the meaning of that scheme.

(3) When any charges scheme under Part V of the Transport Act, 1947, is confirmed after the passing of this Act, being a charges scheme for determining charges of the following descriptions to be made by the Commission, that is to say—

(a) charges for the carriage of passengers by railway; or

(b) charges for the carriage of merchandise by railway; or

(c) railway tolls, that is to say, charges for the use of the

railways of the Commission by traffic drawn by engines not belonging to the Commission; or

(d) tolls for the use of inland waterways as defined in subsection (7) of section twenty of the Transport Act, 1953; or

(e) any other charges which, by reason of their connection with any of the charges aforesaid, have been dealt with by the scheme by virtue of paragraph (/) of subsection (1) of the said section twenty,

the Minister shall consider that scheme and, if he is satisfied that the scheme or any part thereof can properly be applied to all or any class of railway or, as the case may require, inland waterway undertakings to which this section applies, shall by order made by statutory instrument provide that, as from the date when that scheme is to come into force in relation to the Commissioo or as from the expiration of a period of one month beginning with the date of the making of the order, whichever is the later, that scheme as generally in force, or any specified part of that •scheme as generally in force, shall apply to each of those undertakings or to each of that class of undertakings, subject to any modifications or alterations made by or under the next following section, as it applies to the Commission.

(4) Where, by subsection (2) of this section or by an order made under subsection (3) of this section, a charges scheme has been applied to an undertaking to which this section applies, then—

(a) that scheme as specially in force shall have effect in relation to that undertaking notwithstanding anything in any statutory provision relating to the subject matter of the scheme; and

(b) notwithstanding the revocation of that scheme as generally in force, that scheme as specially in force immediately before that revocation shall continue to have effect in relation to that undertaking as if no such revocation had taken place until, and except to the

954 Transport Charges &c. Ch. 64 727

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

extent that, the scheme as specially in force is revoked by an order of the Minister under subsection (3) of this section applying to that undertaking a new scheme or part of a new scheme with respect to all or any of the matters dealt with therein.

(5) In this and the next following section—

(a) the expression "as generally in force" in relation to

a charges scheme means that scheme as for the time being in force in relation to the Commission, whether as originally confirmed or as altered, amended or deemed to be amended under section seventy-nine or section eighty of the Transport Act, 1947, or section twenty-three of the Transport Act, 1953;

(b) the expression " as specially in force " in relation to a

charges scheme applied to an undertaking by or under this section means that scheme as generally in force subject to any modifications or alterations made by or under the next following section for the time being in force in relation to that undertaking.

4.—(1) Without prejudice to the powers of the Transport Modification Tribunal under the next following subsection, any charges *" alteration scheme applied to an independent undertaking by or under the ^hemeski last foregoing section shall apply to that undertaking subject application to to the following modifications, that is to say— independent

(a) for any reference in the scheme to the Commission 40(1

there shall be substituted a reference to the undertakers; waterway and undertakings.

(b) in the case of a light railway connecting (whether by

means of a junction or of adjacent sidings) with any railway forming part of the undertaking of the Commission, for the purpose of the calculation of charges under the scheme by mileage each mile of the light railway shall be treated as if it were a mile and a quarter;

and an order made under subsection (3) of the last foregoing section applying a scheme to any undertaking may provide for any other modifications which are in the opinion of the Minister necessary in order to make that scheme apply to that undertaking as it applies to the Commission.

(2) Where a charges scheme has been applied to any undertaking by or under the last foregoing section, section seventy-nine of the Transport Act, 1947 (which relates to applications to the Transport Tribunal for the alteration of charges schemes) shall apply also for the purposes of the alteration of that scheme as specially in force in relation to that undertaking, subject, however, to the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) any reference in that section to a charges scheme shall be construed as a reference to a charges scheme as specially in force in relation to that undertaking;

J

728 Ch. 64 Transport Charges &c. 2 & 3 Buz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

(b) for any reference in that section to the Commission there

shall be substituted a reference to the undertakers;

(c) the proviso to subsection (1) of that section shall be

omitted;

() the Tribunal may, if they think fit, make such order,

if any, with respect to the matter of the application as they think fit without holding a public inquiry as provided by subsection (4) of that section; and subsection (5) of that section shall apply to any order so made as it applies to an order made under the said subsection (4);

and the Tribunal may make under the said section seventy-nine as modified by this subsection any alteration in the scheme as specially in force which they might have made undo* section seventy-eight of the said Act of 1947 if the scheme as specially in force had been a draft of a charges scheme submitted by the Commission for confirmation by the Tribunal.

(3) An application may be made to the Transport Tribunal under section seventy-nine of the Transport Act, 1947, as modified by the last foregoing subsection, for the alteration of a charges scheme as applied to any independent undertaking by subsection (2) or an order made under subsection (3) of the last foregoing section notwithstanding that the application is made before the date as from which that scheme is to apply to that undertaking; and where such an application is made before that date, then, notwithstanding anything in that subsection or order, the scheme shall not apply to that undertaking until such date as the Tribunal may determine.

(4) With respect to so much of the remuneration of the members, officers and servants and other expenses of, and of the remuneration and expenses of persons appointed from any panel of, the Transport Tribunal (so far as not met out of the amount recovered by way of fees) as may be apportioned by the Tribunal to the performance of any functions with respect to an independent undertaking by virtue of this section, subsection (2) of section twenty-one of the Railways Act, 1921, and sub-para-graph (2) of paragraph 7 of the Tenth Schedule to the Transport Act, 1947, shall have effect as if the obligation to repay or pay to the Minister the remuneration and expenses aforesaid (so far as not met as aforesaid) had been imposed thereby on that undertaking instead of on the Commission.

Extension 5.—(1) The enactments referred to in subsection (1) of sec-

to independent tion twenty-one of the Transport Act, 1953 (which provides that railway and the said enactments, being enactments relating to equality of charges, undue preference and certain other matters connected undertakings ^th cliar8cs* shall not apply to the Commission) shall not apply of provisions to any independent railway undertaking or to any independent applying to inland waterway undertaking in relation to 1888 Act charges. Commission,

954

Transport Charges &c.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

Ch. 64

729

(2) The following provisions (which relate to the protection f competitors and traders and certain other matters), that is o say, subsections (2) to (5) and (7) of the said section twenty-roe, section twenty-two of, and the Fourth Schedule to, the said ict of 1953, and subsection (5) of section eighty-three of the rransport Act, 1947, shall apply to any independent railway indertaking to which section three of this Act applies as they pply to the Commission.

(3) Subsection (6) of the said section twenty-one (which pro-rides for the removal of restrictions on the charges which may )e made for carriage by water) shall apply to any independent nland waterway undertaking in relation to 1888 Act charges is it applies to the Commission.

(4) Subsection (1) of section eighty-two of the Transport Act, 1947 (which makes transitional provisions as to charges) shall ipply to any independent undertaking to which section three of this Act applies in relation to charges to which the said section three relates as it applies to the Commission:

Provided that the said subsection (1) and any regulations made thereunder shall not apply in relation to any charge which is the subject of a charges scheme for the time being in force with respect to that undertaking by virtue of, or of any order made under, the said section three.

(5) In the application of the provisions of the said Acts of 1947 and 1953 referred to in subsection (2), (3) or (4) of this section to any independent undertaking—

(a) for any reference in those provisions to the Commission

there shall be substituted a reference to the undertakers; and

(b) in subsection (3) of section twenty-one of the said Act

of 1953, the reference to the coming into force of a charges scheme shall be construed as a reference to the coming into force with respect to the undertaking of a charges scheme as applied to the undertaking by an order made under subsection (3) of section three of this Act.

6.—(1) This section shall apply to any independent statutory undertaking, being—

(a) a harbour undertaking, other than an excepted undertaking; or

(b) an inland waterway undertaking, so, however, that this section shall not apply in relation to any 1888 Act charges unless the undertaking forms part of a harbour undertaking and the inland waterway is situated wholly within the limits of the harbour; or

Revision of

charges by

independent

harbour

undertakings,

etc.

Ch. 64 Transport Charges &c. 2A3Elc.2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

(c) a ferry undertaking, other than an undertaking acqond under the Ferries (Acquisition by Local Authodfa Act, 1919, or an undertaking which is a marine wod within the meaning of the Harbours, Piers and Fetra (Scotland) Act, 1937, to which Part III of the said Act of 1937 for the time being applies; or id) an undertaking engaged in the maintenance of a bridge; or

(e) a local lighthouse authority within the meaning of tk Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, so, however, that tfe section shall not apply in relation to any chirps which are the subject of an Order in Council mdt whether before or after the passing of this Act, soda section six hundred and fifty-five of the said Act i 1894; or

if) one of any other class of undertakings connected lift transport which the Minister may from time to tine by order declare to be a class of undertakings to which this section applies:

Provided that this section shall not apply to any undertakai in relation to any charge if the statutory provisions relating to that undertaking confer a power of revising that charge on the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation and some other Minister acting together.

(2) An application may be made to the Minister at any time-ia) by the undertakers; or

(b) by any person, or any body representative of persons, appearing to the Minister to have a substantial intact, for the revision of any of the charges which the undertaken art for the time being authorised to demand and take in parse-ance of any statutory provision; and if on any such application die Minister is satisfied that under the circumstances then exiting it is proper so to do, he may, subject to the provisions of this section, make an order revising in such manner as he my think fit, with effect from such date as may be specified is the order, all or any of the said charges, whether or not die subject matter of the application, including any classification by reference to which the amount of any of those charges is to be determined; and any such order shall have effect notwithstanding anything in any statutory provision relating to the subject matter of the order:

Provided that—

(i) the Minister shall not vary any charge other than those to which the application relates except after consultation with the undertakers and such other persons, or such bodies representative of other persons, appearing to him to have a substantial interest as may appear to him appropriate;

1954

Transport Charges &c.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

Ch. 64

731

(ii) where on any application under this section for an increase or a decrease in any charge the Minister has made an order or has decided that it is not proper to make an order, the Minister shall not entertain an application for a further increase or, as the case may be, a further decrease in that charge, or for a further revision of any other charge revised by the order, if any, so made, if that application is made before the expiration of a period of twelve months from the date of the making of the order or, as the case may be, from the date when the Minister gave notice of his decision not to make an order;

<iii) where the statutory provisions in force with respect to any particular undertaking on the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, authorised a maximum for any charge and made no provision for its revision, an order under this subsection shall not revise that charge so as to make it lower than the maximum so authorised;

<iv) where immediately before the commencement of this Act, or, in the case of an undertaking such as is referred to in paragraph (/) of subsection (1) of this section, immediately tefore the coming into force of the order therein mentioned, the undertakers were required by any statutory provision then in force to keep charges levied according to classes of voyages or otherwise in definite proportions, the Minister shall not make an order revising any of those charges which does not maintain the same proportions.

(3) In making any order on an application under this section, the Minister shall have regard to the financial position and future prospects of the undertaking and shall not make any revision of charges which in his opinion would be likely to result in the undertaking receiving an annual revenue either substantially less or substantially more than adequate to meet such expenditure on the working, management and maintenance of the undertaking and such other costs, charges and expenses of the undertaking as are properly chargeable to revenue, including reasonable contributions to any reserve, contingency or other fund and, where appropriate, a reasonable return upon the paid up share capital of the undertaking:

Provided that where the Minister is satisfied that, in view of the financial position of the undertaking during such period immediately preceding the application as may appear to him appropriate, there are special circumstances affecting the undertaking, the Minister may make such revision of charges as he may consider just and reasonable in the light of those special

732

Ch. 64

Transport Charges &c. 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

circumstances, notwithstanding that it is in his opinion likely to result in the undertaking receiving an annual revenue sub stantially less than adequate for the purposes aforesaid.

(4) Where an application is made under this section, the applicant and, where the application is made otherwise than by the undertakers, the undertakers shall furnish the Minister with such information and particulars, certified in such manner, as the Minister may require, and the applicant shall publish in such newspapers as the Minister may require a notice stating—

(a) the general effect of the application; and

(b) that within a period of forty-two days from the date of the first publication of the notice any person having a substantial interest may object to the application by giving notice to the Minister accompanied by the grounds of his objection with a copy to the applicant

(5) Before making an order on an application under this section, the Minister shall, if required by the applicant or by any person who has objected to the application and has not with drawn his objection or, where the order would vary any charge other than those to which the application relates, by any person or body with whom he has consulted in pursuance of paragraph (i) of the proviso to subsection (2) of this section, and in any other case may if he thinks fit, cause a local inquiry to be held by such person as he may appoint for the purpose; and where such an inquiry is held subsections (2) to (5) of section two hundred and ninety of the Local Government Act, 1933, or, where the inquiry is held in Scotland, subsections (2) to (9) of section three hundred and fifty-five of the Local Government (Scotland) Act. 1947, shall apply to that inquiry as if it were an inquiry held in pursuance of subsection (1) of that section and the undertakers were a local authority.

(6) Any order under subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section shall be made by statutory instrument, and an order made under the said subsection (2) may vary or revoke any previous order made under that subsection.

(7) Nothing in this section shall apply to any charge which, by the statutory provisions authorising the charge, is left to the discretion of the undertakers without any restriction or subject only to a requirement that the charge shall be reasonable; and for the purposes of the promotion by any undertaking of a Bill, or of the making with respect to any undertaking of a Provisional Order, being a Bill or Order containing a provision revising any of the charges authorised to be demanded and taken by that undertaking, it shall be deemed, notwithstanding the passing of this section, that the objects of that provision cannot be attained except with new authority from Parliament.

1954

Transport Charges &c.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

Ch. 64

733

7. —(1) Subject to the /provisions of the Civil Aviation Act, 1949, any independent harbour undertaking to which the last foregoing section applies may demand and take charges in respect of any aircraft designed to float or manoeuvre on water which makes use of the undertaking.

(2) Any charges imposed by virtue of this section shall in die first instance require the approval of the Minister and shall thereafter be liable to revision under the last foregoing section.

(3) Any provision relating to charges in respect of such an aircraft as aforesaid contained in any statutory provision passed or made with respect to any particular independent harbour undertaking to which the last foregoing section applies shall cease to have effect:

Provided that any charges imposed by virtue of that provision and in force immediately before the passing of this Act shall be deemed to have been imposed by virtue of this section and to have been approved by the Minister.

(4) In section twenty-eight of the Harbours, Docks and Piers Clauses Act, 1847 (which relates to the exemption of certain vessels from harbour rates) as incorporated with any statutory provision, the expression " vessel " shall be deemed to include any such aircraft as aforesaid on the surface of the water.

8. —(1) Regulation 56 of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, as amended by any statutory provision, shall cease to have effect so far as it relates to any railway, light railway, tramway, road transport, water transport, canal, inland navigation, dock, harbour or pier undertaking, and subparagraph (a) of paragraph (4) of that Regulation is hereby revoked:

Provided that—

(a) this section shall not affect any power with respect to

charges possessed by any undertaking immediately before the commencement of this section which is attributable in whole or in part to any order made by the Minister under the said Regulation authorising the undertaking to make charges in excess of, or in addition to, those which they would otherwise have been authorised to make;

(b) any other order made by the Minister under the said

Regulation before the sixteenth day of February, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, if and so far as it is in force immediately before the commencement of this section, shall continue in force notwithstanding die foregoing provisions of this section, but may be revoked at any time by the Minister by order made by statutory instrument; and the provisions of subsection (2) of sec-

Power of independent harbour undertaking to make charges in respect of seaplanes, etc.

Revocation in part (with savings) of Defence Regulation 56.

734

Ch. 64

Transport Charges &c. 2 & 3 Ettz.2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

Control of number of passengers on public service vehicles, tramcars and trolley vehicles.

Yearly

accounts and returns by independent railway undertakings.

tion thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889. shall apply to any such revocation as they apply to the repeal of an Act of Parliament.

(2) This section shall come into force at the expiration of a period of one month beginning with the date of the passing of this Act.

9. —(1) The Minister may make regulations with respect to public service vehicles, tramcars and trolley vehicles providing for—

(a) the determination by or under the regulations of the

number of the seated passengers and standing passengers respectively whom any vehicle is constructed or adapted and fit to carry:

(b) the determination by or under the regulations of the

number of such passengers respectively who may be carried in any vehicle;

(c) the marks to be carried on any vehicle showing die

numbers aforesaid and the manner in which those marks are to be carried; and different regulations may be made for different cases or different circumstances.

(2) If any person contravenes or fails to comply with any such regulation he shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(3) Before making any such regulations, the Minister shall consult with such representative organisations as he thinks fit

(4) Any such regulations shall be made by statutory instrument and shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

10. —(1) In subsection (1) of section one of the Railway Companies (Accounts and Returns) Act, 1911 (which provides that every independent railway undertaking shall annually prepare accounts and returns in accordance with the form set out in the First Schedule to that Act) for the words " in accordance with the form set out in the First Schedule to this Act " there shall be substituted the words "in such form and containing such particulars as the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation may from time to time either generally or in any particular case direct ", and subsection (1) of section seventy-seven of the Railways Act, 1921 (which makes provision as to the manner of compiling the accounts aforesaid) shall cease to have effect

(2) In subsection (2) of the said section one (which requires accounts and returns to be made up for the year ending the thirty-first day of December or such other day as the Minister may fix) after the word "may " there shall be inserted the words " from time to time "

>54 Transport Charges &c. Ch. 64 735

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

(3) Section two of the said Act of 1911 (which provides for te filing of certain accounts by the registrar of companies) tall apply to all accounts prepared under that Act, and accord-gly in subsection (1) of the said section two the words from numbered " to " Act, as " shall be omitted.

(4) Subsection (2) of the said section seventy-seven (which quires independent railway undertakings to compile and render ► the Minister certain additional statistics and returns) shall xtse to have effect.

(5) This section shall come into force on the first day of inuary, nineteen hundred and fifty-five.

11. The Railway Freight Rebates Enactments, 1929 to 1943 Repeal of vhich relate to the transmission of the benefit of rate-relief in fe^rcm^t aspect of freight4ransport hereditaments, lands and heritages)

tiall cease to have effect, without prejudice, however, to any rate-relief, ilief from rates provided for by any Act.

12. —(1) Any administrative expenses incurred by the Minister Expenses, etc. a the execution of this Act (including any charges and expenses

f licensing authorities for public service vehicles attributable 3 the provisions * of this Act) shall be paid out of moneys •rovided by Parliament

(2) Any fees received by a licensing authority for public ervice vehicles by virtue of regulations made under the First ichedule to this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3) Any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in he sums required under any other enactment to be paid out of noneys provided by Parliament or to be paid into the Exchequer hall be paid out of moneys so provided or, as the case may be, nto the Exchequer. 13

13. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, file Interpretation, ollowing expressions have the following meanings respectively—

"charges’* includes fares, rates, tolls, fees and dues of every description; and " 1888 Act charges ", in relation to any inland waterway undertaking, means charges with respect to which a Provisional Order was made, and confirmed by Parliament, in pursuance of sections twenty-four and thirty-six of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888;

" the Commission " means the British Transport Commission;

"fares" includes sums payable in respect of a contract ticket or season ticket;

736 Ch. 64 Transport Charges &c. 2 & 3 Euz.3

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

" harbour " means any harbour, whether natural or arti ficial, any port, haven, estuary, tidal or other river o inland waterway navigated by seagoing ships, and an] dock, pier, wharf, quay, jetty, or other place at wind ships can ship or unship goods or passengers;

" harbour undertaking " means an undertaking engaged ii improving, maintaining, working, managing or regulating a harbour; and, in relation to any such under taking, the expression "excepted undertaking' means—

(a) an undertaking carrying on a fishery harbou within the meaning of the Fishery Harbours Ad 1915, in die case of which, by or under section twenty one of the Sea Fish Industry Act, 1951, the Ministo of Agriculture and Fisheries is for the time being tfr appropriate Minister for the purposes of section four teen of the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861 Amendment Act;

(b) an undertaking or part of an undertaking whid is a marine work within die meaning of the Harbours, Piers and Ferries (Scotland) Act, 1937, to which Part III of that Act for the time being applies;

" independent " means not forming part of the undertaking of the Commission;

"inland waterway undertaking" means an undertaking engaged in conserving, maintaining, improving or working a canal or other inland navigation or the . navigation of a tidal water;

" the Minister " means the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation;

" railway of the nature of a tramway " means—

(a) a light railway laid wholly or mainly along a public carriageway and used wholly or mainly for the carriage of passengers; or

(b) a railway which, under the statutory provisions relating thereto, is to be treated as forming part of a tramway undertaking;

"ship" includes every description of vessel used in navigation;

" statutory provision " means a provision whether of a general or a special nature contained in, or in any document made or issued under, any Act other than this Act, whether of a general or a special nature;

14 statutory undertaking " means an undertaking the carrying on of which is authorised by, or by an order made under, an Act of Parliament;

1954

Transport Charges Ac.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

Ch. 64

737

" tramcar " includes a railway vehicle used on a railway of the nature of a tramway;

and " public service vehicle ", " road service licence ", " traffic area " and " trolley vehicle " have the same meanings as in the Road Traffic Acts, 1930 to 1947.

(2) A provision of this Act which applies to an undertaking carrying on particular activities shall apply in respect of those activities to any undertaking (including an undertaking carried on by a local authority) engaged therein, whether or not that undertaking is also engaged in other activities, but shall not apply in respect of any such other activities:

Provided that, for the purposes of section six of this Act—

(a) where the activities carried on 'by any undertaking cause

that undertaking to fall into two or more classes of undertakings to which that section applies, nothing in this subsection shall cause that section to apply to the undertaking at any time as an undertaking of any one such class only unless the Minister is satisfied that the activities of the undertaking appertaining to that class are carried on separately from the other activities of the undertaking to which that section relates and that the undertaking should properly be treated as if it were a separate undertaking for the purposes of the activities appertaining to that class;

(b) where, in the case of an undertaking which falls into

any of the classes aforesaid, the Minister is satisfied that particular activities of that undertaking appertaining to any one of the classes aforesaid are carried on separately from other activities of that undertaking appertaining to the same class and that it is proper that this paragraph should have effect in relation to that undertaking, the undertaking shall be treated as if those particular activities and those other activities respectively were carried on by separate undertakings.

(3) For the avoidance of doubt, it is hereby declared that in this Act, the Transport Act, 1947, and the Transport Act, 1953, the expression " statutory provision " includes a document made or issued in pursuance of a power conferred by an instrument made under an Act as well as a document made or issued in pursuance of a power conferred by an Act.

(4) Save in so far as the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

2 A

Ch. 64 Transport Charges Ac. 2 & 3Euz.1

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1954

14«—(1) The enactments specified in the Second Schedule tc this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the thin column of that Schedule—

(a) in the case of the enactments specified in Parts I and L

of that Schedule, as from the passing of this Act;

(b) in the case of the enactments specified in Part III o\

that Schedule, as from the first day of January, nine teen hundred and fifty-five;

(c) in the case of the enactments specified in Part IV oj

that Schedule, as from the date when the first regulations made under section nine of this Act come into force.

(2) So much of any statutory provision (including any local Ad passed at any time in the present session of Parliament) passed or made with respect to any particular undertaking providing services to which section one of this Act applies or with respect to which section two of this Act has effect, or applied to any such undertaking by any statutory provision so passed or made, as has the effect of—

(a) fixing or regulating, or providing for the fixing or approval of, or prescribing a procedure for the revision of, or conferring any discretion upon the undertaken as to, the charges to be made for passengers on any of those services or any category of those services or any stage of any of those services; or

(b) restricting the discretion of the undertakers as to the

stages which may be appointed on any route or service; or

(c) restricting the discretion of the undertakers as to the

making of charges, and the amount of any charges to be made, for the carriage on any of those services of dogs or other animals, luggage, parcels, or other goods or articles (where and to the extent that such carriage is authorised),

and so much of any agreement such as is mentioned in section (5) of section one of this Act as has such an effect shal cease to have effect with respect to that undertaking:

Provided that—

(i) without prejudice to die provisions of section eight

this Act, in this subsection the expression "statuton provision " does not include an order such as l referred to in the said section eight; and

(ii) nothing in this subsection shall affect any conditio

attached to a road service licence granted to any under taking providing services to which section one of this Act applies.

*54

Transport Charges &c.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

Ch. 64

739

(3) So much of any statutory provision (including any local id passed at any time in the present session of Parliament) assed or made with respect to any particular undertaking to rhich section six of this Act for the time being applies as rescribes a procedure for the revision of any charges to which lat section relates, or as confers upon the undertakers any ower of revising any such charges with the approval or sanction f the Minister, or within defined limits, shall cease to have [feet:

Provided that any such provision conferring upon the ndertakers a power of revising any such charge within defined imits shall not cease to have effeot by virtue of this subsection nless and until that charge is first revised by the Minister under he said section six.

(4) Except in relation to any charges of an independent inland waterway undertaking which are not 1888 Act charges, so much >f any statutory provision (including any local Act passed at iny time in the present session of Parliament) passed or made vith respect to any particular railway or inland waterway indertaking as makes provision corresponding to any of the enactments specified in Part I of the Second Schedule to this Vet, or as otherwise prohibits undue preference, or an undue >r unreasonable prejudice or disadvantage in any respect, in avour of or against any person or particular class of persons >r any particular description of traffic, shall cease to have effect.

(5) In addition to the enactments specified in Part IV of the Second Schedule to this Act, so much of any statutory provision including any local Act passed at any time in the present session )f Parliament) passed or made with respect to any particular undertaking as makes provision with respect to any )f the matters with respect to which the Minister is empowered to make regulations by section nine of this Act shall cease to have effect as from the date when the first regula-ions made under that section come into force.

(6) Any reference (however expressed) in any statutory provision passed, made or applied as mentioned in subsection (2), !3) or (4) of this section to charges authorised by or in pursuance >f the Act or other instrument containing that provision shall 3e construed as including a reference to charges for the time King authorised by or in pursuance of this Act.

(7) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of his section, nothing in this Act shall affect the operation of section forty^four of the Post Office Act, 1953 (which relates to the conveyance of mails) or of that section as applied by iny other statutory provision.

15.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Transport Charges &c. (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1954.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

2 A 2

Short title and extent.

740

Ch. 64

Transport Charges &c. 2 & 3 Ejjz. 1

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1954

Sections 2,12.

I .

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Powers and Duties of Licensing Authority for Public Servfg Vehicles with respect to Charges on Independent Tram ways. Trolley Vehicles and Railways of thb Nature of ] Tramway

Part I

Services to which Schedule applies

1. This Schedule shall apply to services by tramway, trolley vehicle or a railway of the nature of a tramway provided by an independen undertaking, being services for the provision of which, if the vehicle used had been public service vehicles, a road service licence wouk have been necessary:

Provided that—

(a) this Schedule shall not apply to services by a tramway laid wholly along a pier;

(b) for the purposes of this Schedule, subsection (1) of sectkn twenty-five of the Road Traffic Act, 1934 (which restrict! the cases in which a vehicle may be used otherwise thai under a road service licence) shall be deemed to have effecj as if in paragraph (a) thereof for any reference to the holder of the public service vehicle licence in respect o! the vehicle there were substituted a reference to the undo takers, and as if paragraphs (/) and thereof were omitted

Part II Application of Part II

2. This Part of this Schedule shall apply to all services to wsaidi this Schedule applies except those to which Part III of this Schedule applies.

Regular services

3. —(1) The undertakers may at any time apply to a licensinj authority for public service vehicles for an authorisation to make, and a licensing authority for public service vehicles may at any time spd notice on the undertakers of the intention of the authority to direq the making of, such variations in all or any of the fares for the time being charged on all or any of the regular services to which this Part of this Schedule applies provided by the undertaking on any route or part of a route lying within the traffic area of that authority as may be specified in the application or, as the case may be, notice.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule the determination of the fares to be charged for any new or altered regular service to which this Part of this Schedule applies on any route or part of a route lying within the traffic area of the authority shah be deemed to be such a variation as aforesaid.

4. Any such application or notice shall be published and, after considering any objections or other representations which they may

54

Transport Charges Ac,

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

Ch. 64

741

xive with respect to the proposals made therein, the licensing thority shall either—

(a) direct that the fares for the time being charged as aforesaid

shall continue to be charged without any variation; or

(b) authorise or direct, by means of fixing fares or maximum or minimum fares for the routes or stages affected, such variation in all or any of the said fares, whether or not affected by the application or notice, as the authority may consider reasonable or expedient in all the circumstances:

Provided that the licensing authority shall not authorise or direct increase in any fare—

(a) unless an increase in that fare was proposed in that applica-

tion or notice; or

(b) in excess of the increase so proposed.

5.—(1) In the case of each licensing authority and each under-king, on the first occasion on which any fares charged by the underking on a regular service to which this Part of this Schedule applies H to be considered by die licensing authority, whether on an appH-ition by the undertakers or on a notice by the authority, the under-kers shall submit to the authority fare-tables showing—

(a) all fares for the time being charged; and

(b) all maximum or minimum fares for the time being charge-

i each of the regular services to which this Part of this Schedule splies provided by that undertaking within the traffic area of that jthority, whether or not affected by the variations proposed in the ^plication or notice, and the authority shall approve fare-tables for 1 the regular services aforesaid incorporating the variations, if any, rovided for by the authorisation or direction given in relation to the pplication or notice.

(2) On any subsequent application or notice under this Part of this chedule with respect to any regular service provided by that underiking, the licensing authority may, if they think fit, require the ubmission of, and approve, fare-tables as aforesaid.

(3) Where on any application or notice under this Part of this chedule fare-tables have been approved for an undertaking by a censing authority under the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, hose fare-tables shall come into effect on the same date as the uthorisation or direction given in relation to that application or lotice; and the fares thereafter charged on any regular services o which this Part of this Schedule applies provided by that under-aking within the traffic area of that authority shall, subject to any ariation subsequently made therein under this Part of this Schedule, >e those provided for by the fare-tables last so approved.

6.—(1) A licensing authority may serve a notice under paragraph 3 >( this Schedule with respect to charges for the carriage by an under-aking on any regular service to which this Part of this Schedule applies of all or any of the following items (where and to the extent

1st Sch. —cont.

able,

742 Ch. 64 Transport Charges Ac. 2 & 3 Euz.]

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

1st Sen. that such carriage is authorised), that is to say, dogs or othe

—com. animals, luggage, parcels, or other goods or articles, as if thos

charges were fares.

(2) Where such a notice has been served with respect to <b charges made by any undertaking for the carriage of any of th items aforesaid, this Part of this Schedule shall thereafter have effed in relation to that undertaking as if the expression " fares " include* charges for the carriage of that item.

Occasional services

7. —(1) If the undertakers propose to provide on any route an occa sional service to which this Part of this Schedule applies at fare different from those charged on any regular service provided bj the undertaking on that route or any part thereof, the undertaker! shall apply to the licensing authority for public service vehicle within whose area that route or part of a route lies for the authorisa tion of the proposed fares.

(2) Any such application shall be published and, after considering any objections or other representations which they may receive witj respect to the proposals made therein, the licensing authority shal either authorise the proposed fares or direct the charging of sod other fares as they may think fit, and, subject to paragraph 16 ol this Schedule, fares on any service to which the application relate shall be charged accordingly.

8. Without prejudice to sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 6 of thij Schedule, where in the case of any undertaking no notice has beei served under that paragraph with respect to that undertaking buj the undertakers propose to provide an occasional service to whici this Part of this Schedule applies on which the terms for the carriage of dogs or other animals, luggage, parcels, or other goods or artkkj are to be different from those applicable to any regular service provided by the undertaking on the same route or the same par! of a route, this Part of this Schedule shall have effect in relation tc that service as if the expression " fares " included charges for sod carriage.

9. Save as may be authorised or directed under paragraph 7 this Schedule, the fares charged on any occasional service to whidj this Part of this Schedule applies shall not differ from those charged on any regular service on the same route or the same part of« route.

Part III

Special provisions with respect to certain services

10. This Part of this Schedule shall apply to such of the service* to which this Schedule applies as are provided by an independent undertaking wholly or partly within an area (in this Part of thil Schedule referred to as M the reserved area ") within which any local Act restricts the provision by any person other than the undertaken of services by public service vehicles on which a passenger can be both taken up and set down within the reserved area on the same journey.

954

Transport Charges &c.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1954

Ch. 64

743

11. Where part of the route of a service to which this Part of this Schedule applies lies outside the reserved area, then—

(a) any local authority within whose area any part of that route outside the reserved area lies; and

(b) any person (other than the undertakers) providing transport facilities along or near that route or any part thereof.

may apply to the licensing authority for public service vehicles for a review by that authority of the fares for the time being charged on that service.

12. Any such application shall be published and notice thereof shall be served on the undertakers.

13. On any such review, if. after considering any objections or other representations which they may receive with respect to the application, and having regard to—

(a) the fares charged by the undertakers on any service on a

route lying wholly within the reserved area, being a route along or near that of the service to which the application relates which appears to the licensing authority to be fairly comparable; and

(b) the fares and expenditure of the undertaking as a whole,

the licensing authority are satisfied that the fares on the service in question are unreasonable or result in unfair competition, the licensing authority shall direct, by means of fixing fares or maximum or minimum fares for the route or stages affected, such variations in the fares for that service as they think reasonable or expedient in all the circumstances, or, if the licensing authority are not so satisfied, they shall dismiss the application.

14. Where a direction of the licensing authority under this Part of this Schedule has come into effect with respect to any service to which this Part of this Schedule applies, then—

(a) the undertakers shall comply with that direction and shall

not vary the fares provided for by that direction before the expiration of a period of six months from the date when that direction comes into effect; and

(b) the licensing authority shall not consider any further application with respect to that service made before the expiration of the said period;

and where the licensing authority have dismissed any application under this Part of this Schedule, they shall not consider any further application thereunder with respect to the same service made before the expiration of a period of six months from the date of their decision. 15

15. In this Part of this Schedule, the expression 44fares" includes charges for the carriage of dogs or other animals, luggage, parcels, or other goods or articles, and the expression 44 local authority " means the council of any county, county borough, non-county borough, urban district or rural district or, in Scotland, a county or town council.

I 9T SCH.

—cont.

744

Ch. 64

Transport Charges &c. & 3 Euz.2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

1st Sch. — am.

Part IV

Appeals and general

16. —(1) Subject to the next following sub-paragraph, any authorisation or direction given under this Schedule shall come into effect oo such date as may be specified therein.

(2) Where, in the case of—

(a) an authorisation or direction under Part II of this Schedule

varying any fares charged on a regular service; or

(b) a direction under the said Part II for the charging oo as occasional service of fares other than those proposed by the undertakers; or

(c) a direction under Part III of this Schedule, the undertakers give notice in writing to the licensing authority before the date specified as aforesaid or before the date of the expiration of the period within which an appeal may be made against that authorisation or direction under the next following paragraph, whichever date is the earlier, that they desire this sub-paragraph to apply, the authorisation or direction shall not come into effect before the expiration of the said period or, if an appeal is so made, before that appeal has been disposed of.

17. —(1) Any undertakers with respect to whose undertaking any authorisation or direction has been given under Part II of this Schedule and, where any such authorisation or direction has been given varying any fares charged on any regular service, any person who—

(a) being a local authority in whose area any of the routes or any part of any of the routes affected by the authorisation or direction is situated; or

(b) being a person providing transport facilities along or near to

any of the said routes or any part of any of the said routes, has made to the licensing authority Ejections with respect to all or any of the proposals contained in the application or notice in relation to which that authorisation or direction has been given, may appeal against that authorisation or direction to the Minister.

(2) Where an application has been made under Part m of this Schedule, an appeal to the Minister may be made—

(a) by the undertakers against any direction given on that application; or

(b) by the applicant against any such direction or against the dismissal of the application.

(3) On any appeal under this paragraph the Minister may make such order as he thinks fit and any such order shall be binding oo the licensing authority.

(4) Section forty-seven of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933 (which relates to inquiries by the Minister) shall have effect for the purposes of appeals under this paragraph as it has effect for the purposes of that Act.

(5) In this paragraph, the expression " local authority " means the council of any county, county borough, non-county borough, uiban district or rural district or, in Scotland, a county or town council.

18. The undertakers by whom any application is made or on whom any notice is served under this Schedule shall give to the licensing

i

954

Transport Charges Ac.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

Ch. 64

745

luthority all such information and assistance as the authority may equire to enable them to determine what authorisation or direction o give under this Schedule.

19. Where on any application or notice under Part 11 of this Schedule any question arises as to whether any particular service is or the purposes of that Part of this Schedule a regular service or in occasional service, that question shall be determined by the ioensing authority, and their decision shall be final.

20. —(1) The Minister may make regulations—

(a) as to the procedure, and the determination of questions aris-

ing, in connection with applications or notices under this Schedule;

(b) as to the persons on whom such notices are to be served;

(c) as to the manner in which such applications and notices are to

be published and objections or other representations with respect thereto are to be made;

() providing for the publication of any decision of a licensing

authority under this Schedule;

(e) prescribing the time within which and the manner in which

appeals may be made under paragraph 17 of this Schedule; if)authorising the charging, and prescribing the amount, of fees in respect of any functions of a licensing authority under this Schedule:

ig) as to any forms to be used for the purposes of this Schedule;

(h) generally for the purpose of carrying this Schedule into effect;

and different regulations may be made for different circumstances.

(2) Any such regulations shall be made by statutory instrument and be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

21. If, owing to special circumstances in the case of any particular application or notice under this Schedule, the licensing authority consider it necessary or expedient so to do, they may dispense in that case with compliance with any procedural requirement of this Schedule or of any regulations made thereunder.

22. —(1) A licensing authority may, if they think fit, hold public sittings for the purpose of the performance of any of their functions under this Schedule at any place in their traffic area which appears to them convenient.

(2) At any public sitting, not less than two of the persons constituting the authority shall be present, and if when only two of those persons are present there is a difference of opinion between them with respect to the decision to be made on any application or notice under this Schedule, the matter shall be re-heard and determined by all those persons.

23. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, a licensing authority shall in performing their functions under this Schedule act under the general directions of the Minister.

24. A licensing authority shall include in the annual report made by them to the Minister under section sixty-five of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, a report on their proceedings under this Schedule containing particulars with respect to such matters as the Minister may direct

2 A*

1st Sch. —com.

746

Ch. 64

Transport Charges &c. 2 & 3 ELiz. Z

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

Section 14.

SECOND SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed Part I

Enactments relating to equality of cha, undue preference and certan

Session and Chapter Short Title

8 & 9 Vict. The Railways Clauses

c. 20. Consolidation Act,

1845.

8 & 9 Vict. The Canal Tolls Act,

c. 28. 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. The Railways Clauses

c. 33. Consolidation (Scot-

land) Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. The Canal Carriers Act,

c. 42. 1845.

17 & 18 Vict. The Railway and Canal

c. 31. Traffic Act, 1854.

Extent of Repeal

26 & 27 Vict.

c. 92.

31 & 32 Vict.

c. 119.

36 & 37 Vict, c. 48.

The Railways Clauses Act, 1863.

The Regulation of Railways Act, 1868.

The Regulation of Railways Act, 1873.

51 & 52 Vict, c. 25.

The Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888.

57 & 58 Vict.

c. 54.

11 A12 Geo. 5. c. 55.

The Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1894.

The Railways Act, 1921.

Section ninety.

Section two, except so far as ii relates to any charges of as independent inland waterway undertaking which are not 1885 Act charges.

Section eighty-three.

Section four, except so far as it relates to any charges of an independent inland waterway undertaking which are not 1888 Act charges.

In section two, except so far as it relates to any charges of an independent inland waterway undertaking which are not 1888 Act charges, the words from " and no * to " disadvantage in any respect whatsoever* and the words from " and without" to " aforesaid *.

Section thirty.

Section sixteen.

Section fourteen and, except so far as it relates to any charges of an independent inland waterway undertaking which are not 1888 Act charges, section fifteen.

Except so far as they relate to any charges of an independent inland waterway undertaking which are not 1888 Act charges, the following provisions, namely, sections twenty-seven and twenty-eight; in section twenty-nine, subsection (2) from "and that onwards and subsection (3); sections thirty, thirty-three andl thirty-four; and subsection (1) of section thirty-seven.

Section three.

Subsection (5) of section fifty-four.

954 Transport Charges Ch. 64

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

Part n

Other enactments repealed as from the passing of this Act

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

>1 & 32 Vict, c. 119. The Regulation of Railways Act, 1868. Section fifteen.

!9&20 Geo. 5. c. 17. The Local Government Act, 1929. Section one hundred and thirty-six and the Eleventh Schedule.

!0&21 Geo. 5. c. 43. 13 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 53. The Road Traffic Act, 1930. The Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933. Subsection (7) of section seventy-two; in section one hundred and four, the proviso to subsection (1) and in subsection (2) the words from " the charge " to 44 passenger ". Subsections (1) to (12) of section thirty-seven and section thirty-eight.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 2. The Railway Freight Rebates Act, 1936. The whole Act.

& 7 Geo. 6. c. 23. The Railway Freight Rebates Act, 1943. The whole Act.

lO&llGeo. 6. c. 49. The Transport Act, 1947. Subsection (5) of section thirty-eight; section seventy-four; in subsection (5) of section eighty-three the words 44 in its application to the Commission *; section eighty-seven; and in subsection (2) of section one hundred and twenty-three the words from 44other than* to 44 Part V of this Act ".

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26. The Local Government Act, 1948. Section one hundred and four.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 13. The Transport Act, 1953. In section twenty-one, subsection (1) and in subsection (2) the words from 44 and section thirty of" onwards; and subsection (5) of section thirty-five from the second 44 and " onwards.

2 A* 2

747

2nd ScH.

—COM.

748

Ch. 64

Transport Charges &c. 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1954

2nd Sch.

—cont.

Part 111

Enactments repealed as from the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-five

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

1 & 2 Geo. 3. c. 34.

The Railway Companies (Accounts and Returns) Act, 1911.

In subsection (1) of section two the words from44 numbered44 to 44 Act, as section three; subsection (3) of section six; and

the First Schedule.

11 & 12 Geo. 3.

c. 33.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 49.

The Railways Act, 1921.

The Transport Act, 1947.

Section seventy-seven and the Eighth Schedule.

In subsection (6) <of section ninety-four the words 44 and section seventy-seven of the Railways Act, 1921 *.

Part IV

Enactments repealed as from the date of coming into force of first regulations under section nine of this Act

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

5 & 6 Vict. c. 79.

10 & 11 Vict, c. 89.

The Railway Passenger Duty Act, 1842.

The Town Police Clauses Act, 1847.

Sections thirteen to nineteen.

So far as they relate to tnuncan or trolley vehicles, sections fifty-one and fifty-two and in section sixty-eight the words from "the number* to 44such carriage, and.*

16 & 17 Vict.

c. 33.

32 & 33 Vict, c. 115.

The London Hackney Carriage Act, 1853. The Metropolitan Public Carriage Act, 1869.

52 & 53 Vict.

The Town Police

Section nine so far as it relates to tramcars or trolley vehicles.

In paragraph (1) of section nine, the words from 44 the number" to 44 such carriage, and " so far as they relate to tramcars or trolley vehicles.

In section six the words from

c. 14.

Causes Act, 1889.

55 & 36 Vict. The Burgh Police (Scot c. 55. land) Act, 1892.

60 & 61 Vict. The Public Health c. 38. (Scotland) Act, 1897.

20 &21 Geo. 5. The Road Traffic Act, c. 43. 1930.

44 for regulating the number of" to 44 thereon *’.

In section two hundred and seventy-two the words44 number of passengers to be carried by and * so far as they relate to tramcars or trolley vehicles.

In section sixty-five the words from44 and for * onwards so far as they relate to tramcars or trolley vehicles.

Paragraph (A) of section ninety-four.

GOO

1954

Transport Charges Ac.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1954

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Ch. 64, 65

749

Short Title Session and Chapter

Harbours, Docks and Piers Clauses Act, 1847 ... 10 & 11 Vict c. 27.

General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment

Act

Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888

Interpretation Act 1889

Merchant Shipping Act 1894

Railway Companies (Accounts and Returns) Act

1911

Fishery Harbours Act 1915

Ferries (Acquisition by Local Authorities) Act 1919

Railways Act 1921

Road Traffic Act 1930

Local Government Act 1933

Road and Rail Traffic Act 1933

Road Traffic Act 1934

Harbours, Piers and Ferries (Scotland) Act 1937...

25 & 26 Vict. c. 19.

51 & 52 Vict c. 25.

52 & 53 Vict c. 63.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60.

I & 2 Geo. 5. c. 34.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 48.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 75.

II & 12 Geo. 5.C.55. 20 & 21 Geo. 5.C.43. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 53.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 50, 1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6.

c. 28.

Local Government (Scotland) Act 1947

Transport Act 1947

Civil Aviation Act 1949

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43. 10 All Geo. 6. c. 49. 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 67.

Sea Fish Industry Act 1951 ...

Transport Act 1953

Post Office Act, 1953 ...

... 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 30. ... 1 &2Eliz.2. c. 13.

... 1 &2Eliz.2. c.36.

CHAPTER 65

National Gallery and Tate Gallery , 1954 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Sfftiffli

1. Transfer from National Gallery Trustees to Tate Gallery Trustees of responsibility for Tate Gallery collection.

2 Powers of transfer between the National Gallery and Tate Gallery collections.

3. Allocation of gifts and bequests.

4. Powers of lending exercisable by National Gallery Trustees and Tate

Gallery Trustees.

5. Powers to transfer works of art from Tate Gallery for display elsewhere.

6. Abrogation of power to sell works of art in National Gallery.

7. National Gallery collection to be vested in the Trustees without their

director.

8. Short title, repeals and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Museums and other Institutions for the purposes of sections three and five of this Act.

Second Schedule—Repeals.

730 Ch. 65 National Gallery and Tate Gallery 2 & 3 Buz. 2

, 1954

An Act to amend the law relating to the National Gallery and the Tate Gallery and for purposes connected therewith.

[25th November, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Transfer from National Gallery Trustees to Tate Gallery Trustees of responsibility for Tate Gallery collection.

1.—(1) The responsibility for the collection at the Tate Gallery shall on the date of the coming into operation of this Act pas from the National Gallery Trustees to the Tate Gallery Trustees and the Tate Gallery Trustees shall thereafter be independent of the National Gallery Trustees.

(2) There shall vest in the Tate Gallery Trustees all the pictures and other works of art which on the said date form part of the collection at the Tate Gallery and which immediately before that date were vested in the National Gallery Trustees.

(3) The Tate Gallery Trustees shall have the like powers and duties in relation to the pictures and other works of art vested in diem by the foregoing provisions of this section as apart from those provisions would have been exercisable by and incumbent upon the National Gallery Trustees.

Powers of 2.—(1) Either of the said two bodies of Trustees may lend or

transfer transfer any picture or other work of art to the other, between

the National (2) The said two bodies of Trustees shall from time to time TateGaUery together to consider whether any loans or transfers

collections/ should be made under this section; and in exercising their powers under this section the said two bodies of Trustees shall have regard to the desirability—

(a) of maintaining in the National Gallery a collection of pictures of established merit or significance,

(b) of maintaining in the Tate Gallery a collection of British pictures and a collection of modem pictures, and

(c) of securing that each picture is in that collection where it will be available and on view in the best context.

(3) Any dispute between the said two bodies of Trustees as to how their powers under this section should be exercised shall be referred to a committee constituted in accordance with the next following subsection who, in deciding the dispute, shall have regard to the principles laid down in subsection (2) of this section; and it shall be the duty of the said two bodies of Trustees to give effect to any decision of the committee on the reference of a dispute.

L

954

National Gallery and Tate Gallery

Act, 1954

Ch. 65

751

(4) The committee shall consist of—

(a) a chairman appointed by the Treasury after consultation with both bodies of Trustees,

(b) the director of the National Gallery and the director of

the Tate Gallery, and

(c) two persons to be nominated by each of the said two bodies of Trustees from among themselves;

md neither of those directors nor any of those Trustees shall be qualified to be appointed, or to act as, chairman of the Committee.

3.—(1) Where any picture or other work of art would, apart Allocation of from this section, have vested under section three of the National gifts and Gallery Act, 1856 (which relates to gifts or bequests where the bequests, donor or testator has made no special provision) in the National 19 & 20 Vict. Gallery Trustees (subject, in the case of a bequest, to the Trustees’c-29-power of selection under the proviso to that section), the Treasury may direct that that picture or other work of art shall instead vest in the Tate Gallery Trustees or in one of the institutions listed in the First Schedule to this Act; and thereupon the said power of selection shall be exercisable by the Tate Gallery Trustees or, as the case may be, the institution so nominated by the Treasury.

(2) In the proviso to the said section three the references to the director of the National Gallery shall be omitted.

(3) The Treasury may by order contained in a statutory instrument add any institution in the United Kingdom to those listed in the First Schedule to this Act and the reference in the foregoing subsection to that Schedule shall be construed accordingly.

(4) A draft of any order under this section shall be laid before Parliament and the Treasury shall not make the order unless the draft has been approved by a 7 resolution of each House of Parliament.

4.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the National Powers of Gallery Trustees and the Tate Gallery Trustees shall respectively lending have power to lend pictures or other works of art vested in them— °y

(a) for public exhibition, whether in the United Kingdom or Gallery

elsewhere * or Trustees and

elsewhere, or Tate Gallery

(b) for display— Trustees.

(i) in a public building or official residence in the United Kingdom or elsewhere for the furnishing of which the Minister of Works is responsible; or

(ii) in the official residence of the Governor of a colony.

732

Ch. 65

National Gallery and Tate Gallery 2 & 3 Buz, 2

Actt 1954

(2) The said Trustees shall not lend for exhibition or display outside the United Kingdom a picture or other work of art which appears to them to have been executed by a foreign artist before the year seventeen hundred unless the loan has been approved by an order of the Treasury contained in a statutory instrument; and a draft of any such statutory instrument shall be laid before Parliament.

(3) The number of paintings or other works of art which are at any time on loan under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section shall not exceed—

(a) in the case of the National Gallery, one-twentieth of the

total number of works of art then vested in the Trustees of that Gallery, and

(b) in the case of the Tate Gallery, one-tenth of the total number of works of art then vested in the Trustees of that Gallery,

but the Treasury may from time to time by order increase or reduce either of the fractions mentioned in the foregoing paragraphs.

An order under this subsection shall be made by statutory instrument a draft of which has been laid before Parliament, and an order increasing either of the said fractions shall not be made unless the draft has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

(4) A loan under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section shall require the consent of the Treasury and shall be effected through the Minister of Works.

(5) Before lending a picture or other work of art under this section, the Trustees shall satisfy themselves—

(a) that, taking account of its age and material, and, in the case of a picture, of the atmospheric conditions, under which it has been kept, it is proper to expose it to the atmospheric changes, vibration and other ordinary incidents attending its removal, and

(b) that it will not be exposed to any unnecessary or exceptional hazards,

and the Trustees shall have particular regard to those considerations in determining the time for which, and conditions subject to which, the loan is made.

(6) It shall be the duty of the authority responsible for any picture or other work of art while it is displayed under this section in any public building or official residence to afford reasonable opportunities of viewing the picture or other work of art to any applicant who satisfies them that he is a student or engaged in research and that the application is made for the purpose of his studies or researches.

1954

National Gallery and Tate Gallery

Act, 1954

Ch. 65

753

(7) In the case of a picture or other work of art which has been pven or bequeathed, the powers conferred by this section shall not be exercisable—

(a) until fifteen years have elapsed since the date on which the property passed to the nation, unless the donor or his personal representatives or the personal representatives of the testator, as the case may be, have consented to the exercise of those powers; or

(b) in any manner inconsistent with any condition attached to the gift or bequest unless either twenty-five years have elapsed since the said date, or the donor or his personal representatives or the personal representatives of the testator, as the case may be, have consented to the exercise of those powers in that manner.

(8) In this section the expression " colony " includes a protectorate or protected State within the meaning of the British Nationality Act, 1948, and a United Kingdom trust territory as defined in that Act, and the expression "Governor" has the same meaning as in that Act.

(9) The provisions of this section shall be in substitution for

the provisions of the National Gallery (Loan) Act, 1883, and the 46 & 47 Vict. National Gallery (Overseas Loans) Act, 1935; but nothing in this subsection shall affect the terms of any loan made before the coming into operation of this Act.

5. —(1) The Tate Gallery Trustees shall have power to transfer a picture or other work of art vested in them to any institution listed in the First Schedule to this Act.

(2) In the case of a picture or other work of art which has been given or bequeathed, the powers conferred by this section shall not be exercisable in any manner inconsistent with the gift or bequest unless, in the case of a gift, the donor has consented to the exercise of those powers in that manner; and where a picture or other work of art transferred under this section was subject to any trust or condition in the hands of the Tate Gallery Trustees, it shall be subject to the like trust or condition in the hands of the transferees.

(3) The reference in this section to an institution listed in the First Schedule to this Act includes a reference to any institution added to that Schedule under section three of this Act.

6. The power conferred on the National Gallery Trustees by Abrogation of

section one of the National Gallery Act, 1856, to sell pictures tof and other works of art shall cease to have effect. National * *"

Gallery.

c. 4.

25 A 26 Geo. 5. c. 18.

Powers to transfer works of art from Tate Gallery for display elsewhere.

754

National Gallery collection to 1 vested in the Trustees without their director.

Short title, repeals and commencement.

Sections 3,5.

Ch. 65 National Gallery and Tate Gallery 2 & 3 Emi

Act, 1954

7. References to the National Gallery Trustees in seotici one of this Act shall be taken as references to those Trace together with the director of the National Gallery but, subject to the provisions of that section, any pictures or other worts® art which, immediately before the date of the coming itto operation of this Act, were vested in the National GiBm Trustees together with the said director shall on the said date vest in those Trustees alone.

8.—(1) This Act may be cited as the National Gallery Tate Gallery Act, 1954.

(2) The enactments set out in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third cohimr. of that Schedule.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on such date as tlx Treasury may by order contained in a statutory instrument appoint.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Museums and other Institutions for the purposes of

SECTIONS THREE AND FIVE OF THIS ACT

The British Museum.

The Imperial War Museum.

The London Museum.

The National Galleries of Scotland.

The National Library of Scotland.

The National Library of Wales.

The National Maritime Museum.

The National Museum of Antiquities of Scotland.

The National Museum of Wales.

The National Portrait Gallery.

The Royal Scottish Museum.

The Science Museum.

The Victoria and Albert Museum.

Such other institutions in the United Kingdom as the Treasury may by order under this Act add to this Schedule.

1954 National Gallery and Tate Gallery Ch, 65, 66 755

Act, 1954

SECOND SCHEDULE section 8.

Repeals

Session and Chapter

19 & 20 Vict, c. 29.

A 47 Vict, c. 4.

10 A11 Geo. 5. c. 16.

Short Title

The National Gallery Act, 1856.

The National Gallery (Loan) Act, 1883.

The Imperial War Museum Act, 1920.

Extent of Repeal

The preamble and sections one and two.

In section three the word "said " in both places where it occurs and the words 44 and director " in both places where they occur.

The whole Act, save as respects loans made before the date of the coming into operation of this Act.

In section three, in subsection (2), the words 44 die Trustees of the National Gallery " in the last of the three places where they

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 18.

The National Gallery (Overseas Loans) Act, 1935.

occur.

The whole Act, save as respects loans made before the date of the coming into operation of this Act.

CHAPTER 66

An Act to provide for the training in civil defence of persons serving terms of part-time service under the National Service Act, 1948, and other members of the armed forces of the Crown, and to remove doubts as to the civil defence functions of members of those forces; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[25th November, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Civil Defence Act, 1948, shall have effect as if the civil defence functions of the designated Minister which are specified in training for paragraphs (a) to (e) of subsection (1) of section one of that Act included the making of arrangements for the provision of training servicemen, in civil defence for persons serving their term of part-time service etc. under the National Service Act, 1948, or any class of such &14 persons to whom the arrangements relate; and the training Geo. 6. c. 5. which such persons may under that Act be required to undergo 11 A12 Geo. 6. shall include training provided in pursuance of the arrangements.c- *4*

756

Ch. 66 Civil Defence (,Armed Forces) ,1954 2 & 3 Buz. 2

10 All Geo. c. 44.

Duties of armed forces include dvi) defence and training therefor.

Short title and interpretation.

(2) The arrangements referred to in the foregoing subsection may provide for the training in civil defence of members of the armed forces of the Crown other than such persons as aforesaid.

». (3) In section ten of the Crown Proceedings Act, 1947 (which

relates to actions of tort in respect of injury to members of the armed forces of the Crown) the references to use for the purposes of the armed forces of the Crown shall include references to use for the purpose of training in civil defence in pursuance of such arrangements as aforesaid.

(4) Any increase attributable to this section in the sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament under section seven of the Civil Defence Act, 1948, shall be defrayed out of moneys so provided; and the said arrangements may provide for the reimbursement by the designated Minister, out of such moneys, of such amounts as the Treasury may determine in respect of the pay of, and other expenses incurred on account of, members of the naval, military or air forces receiving training under the arrangements referred to in subsection (1) of this section, being amounts which would otherwise fall to be met out of moneys provided by Parliament for navy, army or air force services.

2. It is hereby declared that the duties which members of the armed forces of the Crown may be called upon to undertake as members of those forces include civil defence and the undergoing of training therein, and nothing in the provisions of this Act shall be construed as limiting the generality of this section.

3. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Civil Defence (Armed Forces) Act, 1954.

(2) In this Act the expression " civil defence " includes an> measures not amounting to actual combat for affording defence against any form of hostile attack by a foreign power or for depriving any form of hostile attack by a foreign power of the whole or part of its effect, whether the measures are taken before, at or after the time of the attack, and the expression " designated Minister " has the same meaning as in the Civil Defence Act, 1948.

*54

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

Ch. 67

CHAPTER 67

Food and Drugs Amendment , 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Composition, labelling and precautions against danger to health

lection

I. Offences in connection with preparation and sale of injurious foods

and adulterated drugs.

I Defences available in proceedings under s. 3 of principal Act.

3. Regulations as to composition of food, etc.

4. Power of Ministers to obtain particulars of certain food ingredients.

5. Labelling, etc., of food and drugs.

6. Regulations as to food hygiene.

7. Catering premises.

8. Amendment of s. 14 of principal Act.

9. Extension of s. 14 of principal Act to other businesses.

10. Licensing of sale of food elsewhere than in premises.

II. Provisions relating to milk.

II Cream substitutes.

Administration and legal proceedings

13. Food Hygiene Advisory Council.

14. Food and drugs authorities.

15. Supplementary provisions as to food and drugs authorities.

16. Enforcement of certain enactments and regulations.

17. Right of audience in registration proceedings.

18. Repeal of certain administrative provisions of 1950 Act.

19. Powers of sampling.

20. Disposal of samples taken for analysis.

21. Other provisions relating to sampling, analyses, etc.

21 Powers of entry.

23. Powers of Ministers* inspectors.

24. Restriction on movement of imported food.

25. Commencement of proceedings.

26. Penalties and offences by corporations.

27. Contraventions originating in Scotland or Northern Ireland.

28. Further provisions as to restriction of private slaughterhouses.

29. Miscellaneous provisions relating to Board of Trade and their regula-

tions.

Miscellaneous and General

30. Application to Crown.

31. General provisions as to regulations, etc.

31 Expenses.

33. Interpretation.

758

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2 & 3 Euz.1

Section

34. Construction with principal Act.

35. Application to Northern Ireland.

36. Minor and consequential amendments, repeals and savings.

37. Short title, citation, commencement and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Provisions as to manner in which samples takes cr purchased for analysis are to be dealt with.

Second Schedule—Application of certain provisions of priotipilfe and this Act to Northern Ireland.

Third Schedule—Minor and consequential amendments.

Fourth Schedule—Repeals.

An Act to amend the Food and Drugs Act, 1938, and the Food and Drugs (Milk, Dairies and Artificial Cream) Act, 1950, and for purposes connected therewith.

[25th November, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Partisan assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Composition, labelling and precautions against danger to tatt

Offences in !•—) No person shall add any substance to food, use any

connection substance as an ingredient in the preparation of food, abstract

with any constituent from food, or subject food to any other pro-

pld*Sti0Df cess or treatment, so as (in any such case) to render the food

injurious foods injurious to health, with intent that the food shall be sold and for human consumption in that state,

adulterated

drugs. (2) No person shall add any substance to or abstract any

constituent from a drug so as to affect injuriously the quality, constitution or potency of the drug, with intent that the drag shall be sold in that state.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section, no person shah—

(a) sell for human consumption, offer, expose or advert* for sale for human consumption, or have in his possession for the purpose of such sale, any food rendered injurious to health by means of any operation described in subsection (1) of this section; or

(b) sell, offer, expose or advertise for sale, or have in hit possession for the purpose of sale, any drug injuriously

954

Food and Drugs

Amendment Act, 1954

Ch. 67

759

affected in its quality, constitution or potency by means of any operation described in subsection (2) of this section.

(4) A person who contravenes any of the foregoing provi-ions of this section shall be guilty of an offence.

(5) In determining for the purposes of the principal Act and his Act whether an article of food is injurious to health, regard hall be had not only to the probable effect of that article on he health of a person consuming it but also to the probable emulative effect of articles of substantially the same composi-ion on the (health of a person consuming such articles in >rdinary quantities.

(6) In proceedings under this section for an offence consisting >f the advertisement for sale of any food or drug, it shall be a defence for the person charged to prove that, being a person whose business it is to publish, or arrange for the publication of, idventisements, he received die advertisement for publication in the ordinary course of business.

(7) Sections one and two of the principal Act shall cease to have effect; and any reference in that Act to those sections shall be construed as a reference to this section.

2.—(1) In proceedings under section three of the principal Defences Act for an offence consisting of the sale of food to which available in any substance has been added, or in the preparation of which any pr°Sfd"¥s f substance has been used as an ingredient, or from which any constituent has been abstracted, or which has been subjected to any other process or treatment, other than food thereby rendered injurious to health, it shall be a defence for the person charged to prove that the operation in question was not carried out fraudulently, and that die article was sold having attached thereto a notice of adequate size, distincdy and legibly printed and conspicuously visible, stating explicitiy the nature of the operation, or was sold in a wrapper or container displaying such a notice.

(2) The provisions of the foregoing subsection shall apply in relation to proceedings for an offence consisting of the sale of a drug to which any substance has been added, or from which any constituent has been abstracted, other than a drug thereby injuriously affected in its quality, constitution or potency, as they apply in relation to any such offence as is therein mentioned.

(3) Paragraphs (1) to (3) and paragraph (5) of section four of the principal Act, and section five of that Act, shall cease to have effect; and any reference in that Act to the said section four shall be construed as including a reference to this section.

760

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2 &3EUZ.2

Regulations as to

composition of food, etc.

3.—(1) The Ministers may, so far as appears to them to be necessary or expedient in the interests of the public health, or otherwise for the protection of the public, make regulations for any of the following purposes: —

(a) for requiring, prohibiting or regulating the addition of

any specified substance, or any substance of any specified class, to food intended for sale for human consumption or any class of such food, or the use of any such substance as an ingredient in the preparation of such food, and generally for regulating the composition of such food;

(b) for requiring, prohibiting or regulating the use of any process or treatment in the preparation of any food intended for sale for human consumption, or any class of such food;

(c) for prohibiting or regulating the sale, possession for sale,

offer or exposure for sale, consignment or delivery of food which does not comply with any of the regulations, or in relation to which an offence against the regulations has been committed or would have beat committed if any relevant act or omission had taken place in England and Wales, or the importation of any such food as aforesaid;

(d) for prohibiting or regulating the sale, possession for sale, or offer, exposure or advertisement for sale, of any specified substance, or of any substance of any specified class, with a view to its use in the preparation of food for human consumption, and the possession of any such substance for use in the preparation of food intended for sale for human consumption.

(2) In the exercise of their functions under this section the Ministers shall have regard to the desirability of restricting, so far as practicable, the use of substances of no nutritional value as foods or as ingredients of foods.

(3) Regulations made under this section may apply to cream, and to any food containing milk; but except as aforesaid such regulations shall not apply to milk.

(4) Regulations so made may provide, in relation to such cases as may be specified and subject to such exceptions as may be allowed by or under the regulations, that where any food is certified by a public analyst as being food to which the regulations apply so far as they are made under paragraph (c) of sub section (1) of this section that food may be treated for the purposes of section ten of the principal Act (which enables food

954

Food and Drugs

Amendment Act, 1954

Ch. 67

761

o be seized and condemned on the order of a magistrate) as •eing unfit for human consumption:

Provided that nothing in any such regulations shall be taken s prejudicing the generality of the powers conferred by the said ection ten.

(5) Subject to the provisions of section thirty-six of this Act, he following provisions of the principal Act shall cease to have ffect, that is to say, subsection (2) of section three, paragraph a) of the proviso to section four, section seven, so much of ections eight and thirty as enables regulations to be made for the purposes authorised by this section, section thirty-one, subsection 1) of section thirty-two, section thirty-six, and Part IV.

4*—(1) For the purpose of enabling them to exercise their Power of unctions under the last foregoing section, the Ministers may by >rder require every person who at the date of the order or at MnSSSs of iny subsequent time carries on a business which includes the certain food production or importation or use of substances of any class ingredients, pecified in the order to furnish to the Minister, within such ime as may be so specified, such particulars as may be so pecified of the composition and use of any such substance old in the course of that business for use in the preparation >f food for human consumption, or used for that purpose in he course of that business.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing sub-ection, an order made thereunder may require the following >articulars to be furnished in respect of any substance, that is o say—

(a) particulars of the composition and chemical formula of

the substance;

(b) particulars of the manner in which the substance is used

or proposed to be used in the preparation of food;

(c) particulars of any investigations carried out by or to

the knowledge of the person carrying on the business in question for the purpose of determining whether and to what extent the substance, or any product formed when the substance is used as aforesaid, is injurious to or in any other way affects health;

() particulars of any investigations or inquiries carried out

by or to the knowledge of the person carrying on the business in question for the purpose of determining the cumulative effect on the health of a person consuming such substance in ordinary quantities.

(3) No particulars furnished in accordance with an order under this section, and no information relating to any individual business obtained by means of such particulars, shall, without the

762

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

Labelling, etc. of food and drugs.

previous consent in writing of the person carrying on the bus-ness in question, be disclosed except—

(a) in accordance with directions of the Minister, so fai

as may be necessary for the purposes of the last foie going section or of any corresponding enactment fot the time being in force in Scotland or Northern Ireland;

(b) for the purposes of any proceedings for an offence

against die order or any report of those proceedings,

and if any person discloses any such particulars or information in contravention of this subsection he shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or both, or on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a tern not exceeding two years or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds or both.

(4) Section fifty-one of the Patents Act, 1949 (which secures inventions against anticipation in certain cases), shall apply in relation to the disclosure of any invention made in pursuance of an order under this section, and to anything done in con» quence of any such disclosure, as it applies in relation to such communications of inventions as are therein mentioned, and to anything done in consequence of such communications.

5.—(1) In proceedings for an offence under section six of the principal Act (which penalises the use of labels and advertise* ments which falsely describe any food or drug or an calculated to mislead as to the nature, substance or quality ol any food or drug) the fact that a label or advertisement id respect of which the offence is alleged to have been committed contained an accurate statement of the composition of the food or drug shall not preclude the court from finding that the offence was committed.

(2) It is hereby declared that for the purposes of the said section six, a label or advertisement which is calculated to mislead as to the nutritional or dietary value of any food is calculated to mislead as to the quality of the food.

(3) Without prejudice to the provisions of the said section six, but subject to the next following subsection, the Minister! may make regulations for imposing requirements as to, and otherwise regulating, the labelling, marking or advertising of food intended for sale for human consumption and the descriptions which may be applied to such food.

(4) In relation to the labelling and marking of food with respect to weight, measure and number, the last foregoing subsection shall apply with the substitution for the reference to the Ministers of a reference to the Board of Trade.

1954 Food and Drugs Ch. 67 763

Amendment Act, 1954

(5) Regulations made under subsection (3) of this section may make provision for any purpose authorised by paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section three of this Act in the case of regulations under that section.

(6) Regulations made under the said subsection (3) may apply to cream, and to any food containing milk; but except as aforesaid such regulations shall not apply to milk.

(7) Subject to the provisions of section thirty-six of this Act, the following provisions of the principal Act shall cease to have effect, that is to say, paragraph of subsection (1) of section eight, so much of subsection (3) of that section as relates to that paragraph, subsection (2) of section thirty-two, and section thirty-three.

6.—(1) The Ministers may make such regulations as appear Regulations to them to be expedient for securing the observance of sanitary as to food and cleanly conditions and practices in connection with the sale hygiene, of food for human consumption or the importation, preparation, transport, storage, packaging, wrapping, exposure for sale, service or delivery of food intended for sale or sold for human consumption, or otherwise for the protection of the public health in connection with the matters aforesaid.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsection, regulations made by the Ministers may make provision—

(a) for imposing requirements as to the construction, layout,

drainage, equipment, maintenance, cleanliness, ventilation, lighting, water supply and use of premises in, at or from which food is sold, or offered, exposed, stored, or prepared for sale for human consumption (including any parts of such premises in which apparatus and utensils are cleansed, or in which refuse is disposed of or stored);

(b) for imposing requirements as to the provision, main-

tenance and cleanliness of sanitary and washing facilities in connection with such premises, the disposal of refuse and the maintenance and cleanliness of apparatus, equipment, furnishings and utensils used in such premises, and in particular for imposing requirements that every sanitary convenience situate in such premises shall be supplied with water through a suitable flushing appliance;

4c) for prohibiting or regulating the use of any specified materials, or of materials of any specified class, in the manufacture of apparatus or utensils designed for use in the preparation of food for human consumption, and the sale or importation for sale of apparatus or utensils designed as aforesaid and containing such materials;

764

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment Act, 1954

2 & 3 Em:

() for prohibiting spitting on premises where food is sold

or offered, exposed, stored or prepared for sale for human consumption (including any parts of sack premises in which apparatus and utensils are cleansed);

(e) for imposing requirements as to the clothing worn by

persons in such premises;

(/) for securing the inspection of animals intended for slaughter and of carcases of animals for the purposed ascertaining whether meat intended for sale for huinaa consumption is fit for such consumption;

(g) for requiring the staining or sterilisation in accordance with the regulations of meat which is unfit for human consumption, or which is derived from animals slaughtered in knackers* yards or from carcases brought into such yards, or which, though not unfit for human consumption, is not intended therefor;

(h) for regulating generally the treatment and disposal of

any food unfit for human consumption;

(i) for prohibiting or regulating, or enabling loo]

authorities to prohibit or regulate, the sale for hunu consumption, or the offer, exposure or distribution for sale for human consumption, of shellfish taken from beds or other layings for the time being designated by or under the regulations.

(3) In the last foregoing subsection "animals" includes poultry.

(4) Regulations under this section may make different provisions in relation to different classes of business; and without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this section or of section ninety-two of the principal Act, any such regulations imposing requirements in respect of premises may—

(a) impose on the occupier of the premises and, in the case of requirements of a structural character, on any owner of the premises who either lets them for use for a purpose to which the regulations apply or permits them to be so used after notice from the authority charged with the enforcement of the regulations, responsibility for compliance with those requirements;

(b) provide, subject to such limitations and safeguards as

may be specified, for conferring, in relation to particular premises, exemptions from the operation of specified provisions contained in regulations made for the purposes of paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection <2) of this section while there is in force a certificate of the local authority to the effect that

1954

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

Ch. 67

compliance with those provisions cannot reasonably be required with respect to the premises or any activities carried on there.

(5) If any person who has incurred, or is about to incur, expenditure in securing that the requirements of regulations made under this section, being requirements of a structural :haracter, are complied with in respect of any premises owned 3r occupied by him claims that the whole or any part of the expenditure ought to be borne by any other person having an nterest in the premises, he may apply to the county court, and he court may make such order concerning the expenditure or ts apportionment as appears to the court, having regard to all he circumstances of the case, including the terms of any contract Between the parties, to be just and equitable; and any order made under this section may direct that any such contract as aforesaid shall cease to have effect in so far as it is inconsistent -vith the terms of the order.

(6) Regulations made under this section may impose in respect >f accommodation in home-going ships, and in respect of /chicles, stalls and places other than premises, any such require-nents as may be imposed thereunder in respect of premises.

(7) Subject as hereinafter provided, references in this section :o food shall be construed as references to food other than milk:

Provided that—

(a) regulations under this section relating to importation may apply to milk; and (b) any regulations under this section may apply to any food containing milk.

(8) The Ministers shall from time to time take such steps is they think expedient for publishing codes of practice in con-lection with matters which may be made the subject of regula-ions under this section, for the purpose of giving advice and guidance to persons responsible for compliance with such egulations.

(9) Subject to the provisions of section thirty-six of this Act, he following enactments shall cease to have effect, that is to ;ay, so much of sections eight and thirty of the principal Act as enables regulations to be made for purposes authorised by this lection, section thirteen of that Act (except so much of subsection (6) as relates to the construction of section fourteen), and paragraph (k) of subsection (1) of section one of the 1950 Act.

7.—(1) Where a person is proceeded against by a local Catering luthority for an offence against regulations made under section premises, six of this Act in respect of any premises used as catering premises or of any business carried on at such premises, the following provisions of this section shall have effect.

766

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

Amendment of s. 14 of principal Act.

(2) If the person is convicted of the offence, the court may if it thinks it expedient so to do having regard to the gravity of the offeflce or (in the case of an offence committed in respect of premises) to the unsatisfactory nature of the premises, or to any offences against regulations made under section six of this Act of which the person has previously been convicted, on the application of the local authority make an order disqualifying that person from using those premises as catering premises for such period not exceeding two years as may be specified in the order:

Provided that an order under this section shall not be made against any person unless the local authority have, not less than fourteen days before the date of the hearing, given that person written notice of their intention to apply for an order to be made against him.

(3) A person subject to an order under this section shall be guilty of an offence if, while the order is in force—

(a) he uses the premises to which the order relates as catering premises, or

(b) he participates in the management of any business in

the course of which the premises are so used by another person.

(4) A person so subject may, at any time after the expiration of six months from the date on which the order came into force and from time to time thereafter, apply to the court before which he was convicted or by which the order was made to revoke the order, and on any such application the court may, if it thinks proper having regard to all the circumstances of the case, including in particular the person’s conduct subsequent to the conviction and any improvement in the state of the premises to which the order relates, grant the application.

(5) If an application under the last foregoing subsection is refused by the court to which it is made, a further application thereunder shall not be entertained if made within three months after the date of the refusal.

(6) The court to which an application under the said subsection is made shall have power to order the applicant to pay the whole or any part of the costs of the application.

8.—(11 Any application for the registration of premises under section fourteen of the principal Act (which provides for the registration of premises used for or in connection with the manufacture and sale of ice-cream, sausages and certain preserved foods) shall specify the purpose or purposes described in subsection (1) of that section for which registration is applied for, and all rooms or accommodation in the premises proposed to be used for such purposes; and the premises to be registered

►54

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

Ch. 67

767

ider that section in pursuance of such an application shall not dude any room or accommodation not specified in the ^plication.

(2) It is hereby declared that the same premises may be sgistered under the said section fourteen for more than one urpose described in subsection (1) of that section, and that ifferent parts of the same premises may be so registered for ifferent purposes so described.

(3) For subsection (3) of the said section fourteen there shall e substituted the following subsection:—

44 (3) If in the case of any premises in respect of which an application for registration is made under this section* or which are registered under this section* it appears to the local authority—

(a) that the requirements of regulations in force under section six of the Food and Drugs Amendment Act, 1954, are not complied with in connection with the premises or the business carried on at the premises, or

(b) that the premises or any part of the premises are otherwise unsuitable (having regard to considerations of hygiene and in particular to the situation, construction or condition of the premises, or to any activities carried on therein) for use for the purpose or purposes specified in the application, or for which they are used, as the case may be,

the authority may serve on the said applicant or occupier a notice stating the place and time, not being less than twenty-one days after the date of the service of the notice, at which they propose to take the matter into consideration and informing him that he may attend before them, with any witnesses whom he desires to call, at the place and time mentioned to show cause why the authority should not, for reasons specified in the notice, refuse the application or, as the case may be, cancel the registration of the premises."

(4) For subsection (7) of the said section fourteen there shall be substituted the following subsections:

" (7) Nothing in this section shall be taken as requiring the registration thereunder of premises used wholly or mainly—

(a) as catering premises, or

(b) as a school or club;

and paragraph to) of subsection (1) of this section shall not apply in relation to the sale or storage of ice-cream at any premises used as a theatre, cinematographic theatre, music hall or concert hall.

768

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2&3EUZ.J

Extension of s. 14 of principal Act to other businesses.

(7A) In this Act the expression ‘ catering premises' means premises where, in the course of a business, fool is prepared and supplied for immediate consumption on tto premises."

(5) Subsections (8) and (9) of the said section fourteen (which provide for the suspension of that section, until declared in force by the Minister of Health, in any district in which correspond ing local Act provisions were in force at the commencemei

the principal Act, and for the repeal of such provisions)

have effect as if for references to the Minister of Health lucre were substituted references to the Minister, and as if after the words " this section ", in the second place where those words occur in the said subsection (8), there were inserted the words " so far as it relates to registration for purposes regulated fay the local Act provisions

9.—(1) The Ministers may by order direct that section fourteen of the principal Act shall have effect as if the purposes described in subsection (1) of that section included, except in such cases as may be prescribed by the order, the sale or preparation for sale of food for human consumption, or the storage of food intended for such sale, in the course of any business of a class specified in the order.

(2) Any order made under this section—

(a) shall make provision for enabling premises used for purposes for which registration is required by virtue of the order to be registered under the said section fourteen before the date when subsection (1) of that section becomes applicable to them by virtue of the order, and

(b) in relation to premises used for those proposes before

that date, shall make provision for excluding or restricting the power of the local authority to refuse applications for registration.

(3) The purposes for which registration is required by virtue of an order made under this section may include any purposes for which, apart from the order, registration would be required under the said section fourteen; and any such order may repeal, in whole or in part, paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (1) of the said section fourteen, and may make provision for continuing in force the registration of any premises for purposes to which the order applies.

Where an order made under this section repeals the whole or any part of the said paragraphs, section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals), shall apply as if the order were an Act

954

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

Ch. 67

7*9

(4) In relation to the registration of premises for purposes for rhich registration is required by virtue of an order under this ection, subsection (8) of the said section fourteen shall have sffect as if for the reference to the commencement of the prin-dpal Act there were substituted a reference to the date on which remises become registrable by virtue of the order.

(5) Subsection (4) of section ninety-two of the principal Act which provides for consultation with representative organisa-ions before making regulations under that Act) shall apply to iny order under this section as it applies to regulations under hat Act.

10.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Ministers Licensing nay make regulations providing— dsewhwe (Sf

ia) for the issue by local authorities of licences in respect of the use of vehicles, stalls or places other than premises for the preparation, exposure or offer for sale or sale of food for human consumption, and 46) for prohibiting the use for any such purpose of any such vehicle, stall or place except in accordance with a licence issued under the regulations.

(2) Regulations under this section may be made so as to apply either generally or to such class or classes of business as may be specified in the regulations, and may exempt from the provisions of section fourteen of the principal Act any premises used for the storage of food intended for sale for human consumption n the course of a business in respect of which a licence is in force under the regulations.

(3) Regulations made under this section may provide for the refusal or cancellation of a licence under the regulations, either wholly or in respect of a part of the business for which the licence s applied for or is held,—

(a) where the applicant or holder is unable or has failed to comply, in relation to that business, with any byelaws in force under section fifteen of the principal Act, or 46) where the requirements of regulations in force under section six of this Act are not complied with in relation to that business;

ind such regulations shall make provision for affording to persons affected by any such refusal or cancellation an opportunity to make representations to the local authority, and to appeal from the decision of that authority to a magistrates’ court.

(4) If on the coming into operation of any regulations under this section in relation to any class of business local Act provisions hre in force in any district, being provisions under which

2 B

77C

CH. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Provisions relating to milk.

persons engaged in that class of business are required to be licensed or registered, the regulations so far as they relate to that class of business shall not apply to that district until such date as may be appointed by an order made by the Minister upon application in that behalf made by the local authority.

(5) Where an order is made in relation to any district under subsection (4) of this section, that order—

(a) may repeal any such local Act provisions as are men-

tioned in that subsection so far as they relate to that district and to the class of business in relation to which the regulations under this section have effect, and

(b) shall provide for securing that persons licensed or

registered under those provisions are, in relation to any business of the said class in which they are engaged treated as licensed under the regulations.

11,—(1) Milk and Dairies Regulations made under section one of the 1950 Act may provide (subject to such exceptions as may be allowed by or under the regulations)—

(a) for requiring cream or separated milk to be subjected to a specified treatment before being sold for human consumption;

(b) for prohibiting or restricting the sale for human consumption, as milk of any sipedfied description (being a description which in the opinion of the Ministers making the regulations ascribes to the milk a quality higher than the minimum quality prescribed for milk under section ten of the said Act), of milk containing less than a specified quantity of any specified normal constituent;

(c) for prohibiting the sale for human consumption of milk obtained: from cows milked—

(i) at any stage of a journey to or from a dairy farm,

(ii) at a slaughterhouse or knacker’s yard, or

(iii) in any market or other place where cattle

are collected for the purposes of sale or showing, whether or not the market or place is registered in pursuance of regulations made under that Act as a dairy farm; ,

(> for requiring any milk to which regulations in force under the last foregoing paragraph apply to be stained or otherwise treated for the purposes of identification;

'54

Food and Drugs

Amendment Act, 1954

Ch. 67

(e) for prohibiting the use of milk chums (whether by the persons to whom they belong or other persons) otherwise than as containers for milk, where the chums are in use for the purposes of the business of a dairyman.

(2) Paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection so far as it relates ► cream shall be without prejudice to the power of the Ministers ader section three of this Act to make regulations applying to earn.

(3) Regulations made for the purposes of paragraph of ibsection (1) of this section shall not apply to cream so far as lade for the purpose for which regulations relating to cream lay be made under section three of this Act; and so much of ibsection (1) of section one of the 1950 Act as defines " milk " yr the purposes of that subsection shall not apply to regulations lade for the purposes of paragraph () of the said subsection (1).

(4) Milk and Dairies Regulations made for the purposes of sction two or section three of the 1950 Act (which relate to the sgistration of dairymen, dairies, dairy farms and dairy farmers) nay make special provision—

(a) for the registration of premises used temporarily as dairies or dairy farms, and of the occupiers of such premises;

(b) for the removal from the register of such premises and occupiers at the expiration of the period for which the registration is effected;

nd in relation to regulations made by virtue of this ubsection with respect to premises used as dairy farms, section even of the said Act (which relates to the enforcement of Milk nd Dairies regulations) shall have effect as if any reference herein to persons carrying on or proposing to carry on the rade of a dairy farmer included a reference to the occupiers of he premises:

Provided that the First Schedule to the said Act (which consuls provisions with respect to the refusal and cancellation of •egistration of dairymen, dairy farms and dairy farmers) shall lot apply to registration in pursuance of regulations made by rirtue of this subsection or to persons registered or applying to ie registered thereunder.

(5) For the purposes of paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section nine of the 1950 Act (which prohibits a person from selling adulterated milk or having it in his possession for the purpose of sale) a .person shall be deemed to retain the possession of milk which is deposited in any place for collection until it is actually collected; but nothing in this subsection shall be taken as affecting anything in subsection (2) of section seventy-one of

2 B 2

772

Grcam

substitutes.

Ch. 67 Food and Drugs 2 & 3 Euz

Amendment , 1954

the principal Act (which provides a defence on a charge ij respect of milk of which a sample is taken after the milk h left the defendant’s possession).

12,—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, no petsoi shall sell, or offer or expose to sale, for human consumption (a) any substance which resembles cream in appearance but is not cream, or

(b) any article of food containing such a substance, under a description or designation which includes the won " cream " (whether or not as part of a composite word).

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not apply to the sale, o offer or exposure for sale, of any substance being reconstitute or imitation cream as defined by this section, or of any artki containing such a substance, under a description or designation which identifies the substance as such, or to the sale, or offe or exposure for sale, of any substance under a description oi designation which indicates that the substance is not to use as or as a substitute for, cream.

(3) In this section " reconstituted cream " means a substance which, not being cream, resembles cream in appearance and contains no ingredient not derived from milk, except—

(a) water, or

(b) ingredients (not added fraudulently to increase build weight or measure, or conceal inferior quality) whicj may lawfully be contained in a substance sold foi human consumption as cream; and " imitation cream " means a substance which, not beiiu cream or reconstituted cream, resembles cream in appearaoa and is produced by emulsifying edible oils or fats with water with or without other substances not prohibited by regulation! made for the purposes of this section under section three of thi Act, or added in quantities so prohibited.

(4) For the purposes of this section, the description or desig nation under which a substance or article is sold, or offered o| exposed to sale, shall 'be deemed to include the word "cream 1 if it includes any other word (composite or otherwise) which ii calculated to lead a purchaser to suppose that the substance or, as the case may be, the article contains either cream or i substance for use as cream.

(5) A person who contravenes subsection (1) of this section shall be guilty of an offence.

(6) It shall be the duty of every food and drugs authoriq within their area to carry into execution and to enforce thi provisions of this section.

(7) Section twenty-nine of the 1950 Act shall cease to hav< effect.

54

Food and Drugs

Amendment Act, 1954

Ch. 67

773

Administration and legal proceedings

13.—(1) There shall be constituted* a Council, to be called Food e Food Hygiene Advisory Council, which shall consist of a ft!5 * * 8?611* lairman appointed by the Ministers and such number of other coundS^ embers so appointed as the Ministers may determine.

(2) The members of the said Council so appointed shall elude—

(a) persons appearing to the Ministers to be qualified to

represent the interests of the public generally in relation to matters of food hygiene and related matters,

(b) persons appearing to the Ministers to be representative

of persons carrying on any of the classes of trade or business affected by the operation in relation to food of the Food and Drugs Acts, 1938 to 1954, and

(ct persons appearing to the Ministers to be representative of workers employed in any of the said classes of trade or business;

od the terms of their appointment shall be such as the Ministers my determine.

(3) The Ministers or either of them may from time to time efer to the said Council for consideration or advice such uestions as they think fit, being questions relating to the Food nd Drugs Acts, 1938 to 1954, as they apply in relation to food.

(41 Without prejudice to the last foregoing subsection, where he Ministers propose to make—

(a) any regulations under section five (labelling, marking, and advertising of food), section six (food hygiene), or section ten (licensing of vehicles, etc.) of this Act, or

(6) any order under section nine of this Act (extension of registration),

>r to publish any such code of practice as is mentioned in sub-ection <8) of section six of this Act, they shall (unless it appears o them to be inexpedient to do so having regard to the urgency >f the matter) refer the proposals in the form of draft regulations >r a draft code of practice or a draft order, or otherwise, to the 7ood Hygiene Advisory Council for consideration and advice.

(5) The Minister may, out of moneys provided by Parliament, my to the chairman and other members of the Food Hygiene Advisory Council, and to persons attending meetings at the request of the Council, such allowances as he may, with the

ipproval of the Treasury, determine in respect of travelling and

subsistence expenses and in respect of other expenses (if any)

necessarily incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to discharge their functions as members of the Council.

le

774

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Pood and drugs

authorities.

(6) Nothing in this section shall be taken as prejudicing the effect of subsection (4) of section ninety-two of the principa Act.

14.—<1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the food aoc drugs authorities for the purposes of the principal Act, the 195C Act and this Act shall be as follows, that is to say—

(a) for the City of London, the common council;

(b) for every county borough or metropolitan borough, the council of the borough;

(c) for every non-county borough or urban district, being j

borough or district of which the population, accordm* to the last published census for the time bring, is fort} thousand or upwards, the council of the borough oi district; and

() for every area within a county for which no otha

council is for the time being the food and drugs autho rity, the council of the county.

(2) Where, apart from this subsection, the council of a non county borough or urban district would become the food and drugs authority for that borough or district in const quence of the publication of any census, and the Minister oi Health is satisfied, upon application made by the council oi the county in which the borough or district is comprised, tiui the area or areas in respect of which the last mentioned comd would in that event be the food and drugs authority are incot venient in size, shape or situation for the efficient performance of their duties as such, he may direct that the council of th county shall, so long as the directions remain in force, continue to be the food and drugs authority for the borough or district

(3) Where, according to the last published census for the time being, the population of any non-county borough or urban distric is less than forty thousand and the Minister of Health is satisfied upon application made by the council of that borough or district that it is expedient that that council should continue to be a should become the food and drugs authority for the borough o district, he may, subject to the provisions of subsection (4 of this section, direct that so long as the directions remaii in force that council shall continue to be or, as the case may be shall be the food and drugs authority for the borough or district

(4) Where according to the last published census for th time being the population of a non-county borough or urbai district is less than twenty thousand, no directions shall be give under subsection (3) of this section that the council of th borough or district shall become the food and drugs authority

Provided that such directions may be given if it appears froi any estimate published by the Registrar General that tfa

954

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

Ch. 67

775

opulation is for the time being more than twenty thousand and tie Minister of Health thinks it expedient that the council bouki become the food and drugs authority in advance of the ext census.

(5) Where immediately before the publication of any census lie council of a non-county borough or urban district were the ood and drugs authority for the borough or district (otherwise ban in pursuance of directions given by the Minister of Health Iter the taking of the census and by virtue only of the proviso o the last foregoing subsection) and the population of the trough or district is shown by the census to be less than twenty bousand—

(a) the council shall cease to be the food and drugs

authority, and

(b) any directions in force under subsection (3) of this

section in respect of the borough or district shall cease to have effect.

(6) The foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any charter of incorporation granted before the commencement of this Act in the case of a borough, or in any scheme confirmed, in connection with the grant of such a charter, under Part VI of the Local Government Act, 1933 or Part XI of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

15.—<1) An application for directions under the last foregoing Supplementary

lection beine— provisions a*

lecuon, Being to food and

(a) an application under subsection (2) of that section; or drugs ib) an application under subsection (3) of that section for authoritte>* directions that a council shall continue to be a food and drugs authority, shall be made before the first day of January next after the expiration of a period of three months from the publication of the relevant census.

(2) Any council who become or cease to be a food and drugs authority under the last foregoing section in consequence of the publication of any census shall become or cease to be such an authority on the first day of April next after the expiration of a period of six months from the publication of the census or, where an application for directions under that section in respect of the borough or district concerned is duly made, on such later date, if any, as the Minister of Health may determine.

(3) Any directions given, or having effect as if given, by the Minister of Health under die last foregoing section may at any time be revoked by the Minister as from such date as he may

776

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment; 1954

2 A3EUll

Enforcement of certain enactments and regulations.

determine; but except as provided by this subsection and section (5) of that section, such directions shall continue a force notwithstanding the publication of any subsequent cent in respect of the area to which they relate.

(4) Upon any change in the council who are the food drugs authority for any borough or district, anything dooebefe the date on which the change takes effect by, to or before he council who were then the food and drugs authority shall he effect for the purposes of the principal Act, the 1950 Act ia! this Act as if done by, to or before die council who become Ik food and drugs authority, and any proceedings under thorn Aft which on that date were pending by or against tile fia mentioned council may be continued accordingly by or qnt the second mentioned council, and shall not abate by ruob of the change.

(5) For the purposes of the last foregoing section and th section, a census shall be deemed to be published in rthtki to any borough or district on the date on which the Regfcnr General, in pursuance of the Census Act, 1920, pubtishat report giving the population of that borough or district, hi being a report which is, or purports to be, of a pnmriori nature.

(6) Subject to ithe provisions of section thirty-six of this Ad so much of section sixty-four of the principal Act as defiu " food and drugs authority " shall cease to have effect

16.—(1) Subsection (3) of section ninety-two of the prindpd Act (which provides that regulations to which that section agfe shall specify the authorities by whom they are to be ezrtxrc and executed) shall have effect as if the Commissionen «' Customs and Excise and local authorities for the purposes of Ik Weights and Measures Acts, 1878 to 1936, were included am; the authorities mentioned in that subsection.

(2) It shall be the duty of the Minister of Agriculture aad Fisheries to secure die enforcement and execution of tk following provisions, that is to say:—

(a) subsections (2) and (3) of section thirteen of the 195D

Act, so far as those subsections apply to anything don in relation to raw milk by the producer of the milk;

(b) subsection (1) of section twenty-five of that Act,»hr

as that subsection relates to licences authorising the ok of a special designation in relation to raw milk by tk producer of the milk;

(c) Milk and Dairies Regulations and Milk (Special Designation) Regulations, except so for as an authority other than the said Minister is charged with tk

954

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

Ch. 67

111

enforcement and execution of the regulations in pursuance of subsection (1) of section seven or subsection (1) of section eighteen of that Act.

(3) It shall be the duty of the Minister to secure the enforce-nent and execution—

(a) of any order made under section four of this Act; and

(b) of subsection (1) of section twenty-five of the 1950 Act,

so far as that subsection relates to licences authorising the use of a special designation in relation to milk by local authorities within the meaning of the said section twenty-five, not being such licences as are mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of this section.

(4) Without prejudice to his powers of enforcement under iny provision of the principal Act, the Minister may, where ae is of opinion that the general interests of consumers are iffected, institute proceedings for an offence against any of the following provisions, that is to say:—

(a) Part I of the principal Act (except so far as it relates to drugs);

(b) section one of this Act (except as aforesaid); and

fc) any regulations made by the Ministers under section three or section five of this Act;

and the Board of Trade may, where they are of opinion as aforesaid, institute proceedings for any offence against regulations made by them under the said section five; but except as otherwise expressly provided by the principal Act or this subsection, proceedings shall not be instituted by the Minister or the Board of Trade in respect of an offence under any provisions of the principal Act or this Act or of any regulations made thereunder, being (provisions which it is the duty of any council to execute and enforce.

(5) Proceedings shall not be instituted by a council—

(a) for an offence against section six of the principal Act, so for as it relates to food;

(b) except so far as may be otherwise provided by regula-

tions made by the Ministers under section five of this Act, for an offence against any provisions of those regulations,

unless they have given to the Minister not less than fourteen days’ notice of their intention to institute the proceedings together with a summary of the facts upon which the charges are founded.

A certificate of the Minister that the requirements of this subsection have been complied with in relation to any proceedings shall be conclusive evidence that they have been complied

2 B*

778

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

Right of audience in registration proceedings.

Repeal of certain

administrative provisions of 1950 Act.

Powers of sampling.

with in relation thereto; and any document purporting to be such a certificate as aforesaid and to be signed by or on behalf of the Minister shall be deemed to be such a certificate, unless the contrary is shown.

17. A person entitled under subsection (3) of section fourteen of the principal Act or under paragraph 1 of the First Schedule to the 1950 Act to appear before any authority may appear in person or by counsel or a solicitor or any other representative, or may be accompanied by any person whom he may wish to assist him in the proceedings.

18. The following provisions of the 1950 Act shall cease to have effect, that is to say—

(a) sections five and sixteen (which require that Milk and

Dairies Regulations shall provide for the constitution of a central committee and county committees to review the working of those regulations and of Milk (Special Designation) Regulations); and

(b) section eleven (which authorises certain councils to

establish milk depots).

19. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a sampling officer may take a sample of any food, or of any substance capable of being used in the preparation of food, which appears to him to be intended for sale or to have been sold for human consumption, or is found by him on or in any premises, stall, vehicle, ship, aircraft or place which he is authorised to enter for the purposes of the execution of this Act

(2) Without prejudice to the foregoing provision, a sampling officer—

(a) may take a sample of milk while at any dairy, while

deposited for collection, or at any time before it is delivered to a consumer in pursuance of a sale by retail;

(b) may, at the request of a person to whom any food or

substance is or is to be delivered in pursuance of a contract of sale, take a sample of that food or substance in the course of or at the place of delivery.

(3) A sampling officer who under this section takes a sample of the milk of any cows at a dairy may take such steps at the dairy as may be necessary to satisfy himself that the milk is a fair sample of the milk of the cows when properly and fully milked.

(4) Except as provided by subsection (2) of this section, or with the consent of the purchaser, a sampling officer shall not take a sample of any food or substance which appears to him

54 Food and Drugs Ch. 67 779

Amendment Act, 1954

> have been sold by retail while the food or substance is in the ourse of delivery to the purchaser, or at any time after such elivery; and nothing in this section shall authorise a sampling fficer to take a sample of any food or substance in a ship (not eing a home-going ship) or in any aircraft, other than food nported as part of the cargo of that ship or aircraft

(5) Subsections (3) and (7) of section sixty-eight of the prin-ipal Act, and in subsection (4) of that section the words from lie beginning to " or consumer ", shall cease to have effect.

20*—(1) A sampling officer who purchases cm* takes a sample Disposal of >f any food, drug or substance for the purpose of analysis by a Hiblic analyst shall deal with the sample in accordance with T y*8‘ he provisions of the First Schedule to this Act

(2) The said Schedule shall apply to the purchase of samples by any person who is neither a sampling officer nor a person laving the powers of a sampling officer as they apply in relation to the purchase of samples by a sampling officer; and references therein to a sampling officer shall be construed accordingly.

(3) Any reference in the principal Act or this Act to this section shall be construed as including a reference to the said Schedule.

(4) If it appears to a sampling officer that any food, drug or substance of which he has procured a sample for the purpose of analysis by a public analyst was manufactured or put into its wrapper or container by a person (not being a person to whom one part of the sample is required to be given under this section) having his name and an address in the United Kingdom displayed on the wrapper or container, the officer shall, unless he decides not to have an analysis made, within three days of procuring the sample send to that person a notice informing him that the sample has been procured by the officer and where the sample was taken or, as the case may be, from whom it was purchased.

(5) Section seventy of the principal Act shall cease to have effect

21.—(1) Where any person procures a sample consisting of other a food, drug or substance contained in unopened containers, and provisions the division into parts of the food, drug or substance contained *° in those containers is not reasonably practicable or might affect the composition or impede the proper analysis of the contents, the provisions of section twenty of this Act or of section seventy-two of the principal Act, as the case may be, with respect to the division of samples into parts shall be deemed to be complied with if the person procuring the sample divides

2 B*2

780

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2&1EUZ.I

the containers into the requisite number of lots and deals each lot as if it were a part in the manner provided by those sections; and references in this Act or that Act to a part of a sample shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Regulations made under section three or section five of this Act may prescribe a method of analysis for the purpose oi ascertaining the presence in or absence from any food of ay substance specified in the regulations, or the quantity of ay such substance which is present in any food; and in any pm ceedings under the principal Act—

(a) for a contravention of any regulations made under the

said section three or the said section five; or

(b) for an offence under section three or section six of

principal Act,

in respect of any food alleged to contain or not to contain aa> substance specified as aforesaid, or any particular quantity of such a substance, evidence of an analysis carried out by the prescribed method shall be preferred to evidence of any other analysis or test.

(3) Any certificate of the results of an analysis given by t public analyst in pursuance of section sixty-nine of the pre-cipal Act, or transmitted by file Government Chemist under section eighty-two of that Act, shall be signed by the public analyst or by or on behalf of the Government Chemist, as the case may be, but the analysis may be made by any petsae acting under the direction of the person by whom the certifies* is signed; and any certificate so transmitted by the Govermam Chemist shall be evidence of the facts stated therein unless *■) party to the proceedings requires that the person by whom it signed shall be called as a witness.

(4) For subsections (3) and (4) of section sixty-nine of the principal Act there shall be substituted the following sab> sections: —

" (3) The public analyst shall analyse as soon as practicable any sample submitted to him in pursuance of tint section but may, in the case of a sample submitted fay i person not being an officer of the food and drugs authority, demand in advance the payment of such fee as may be fixed by the authority.

(4) If—

(a) the office of public analyst for (he area in questkn

is vacant, or

(b) the public analyst determines that he is for any reason unable to perform an effective analysis,

the sample shall be submitted, or, as the case may be, seat by the public analyst to whom it was originally submitted.

954

Food and Drugs

Amendment Act> 1954

Ch. 67

7*1

to the public analyst for some other area, and he shall, upon payment to him of such sum as may be agreed, analyse the sample.

(5) A public analyst who has analysed a sample shall give to the person by whom it was originally submitted a certificate specifying the result of the analysis; and any such certificate shall be in a form prescribed by regulations made by the Minister of Food and the Minister of Health acting jointly.

(6) Where a sample taken or purchased by a sampling officer has been analysed by a public analyst, any person to whom a part of the sample was given under the First Schedule to the Food and Drugs Amendment Act, 1954, shall be entitled, on payment to the authority by whose officer the sample was procured of a fee of one shilling, to be supplied with a copy of the certificate given by the public analyst under the last foregoing subsection."

(5) A local authority may, at the request of a person who tas in his possession any food which has not been sold and is tot intended for sale and on payment by that person of such fee, f any, as may be fixed by the authority, arrange to have the food xamined.

22.—(1) An authorised officer of a council shall, on pro-Powers of luring, if so required, some duly authenticated document show- entry, ng his authority, have a right at all reasonable hours—

(< a)to enter any ship or aircraft for the purpose of ascertaining whether there is in the ship or aircraft any food imported as part of the cargo in contravention of the provisions of regulations made under this Act, being provisions which die council are required or empowered to enforce; and

(6) to enter any vehicle, stall or place other than premises, or any home-going ship, for any purpose for which he is empowered under section seventy-seven of the principal Act to enter premises.

(2) Subsections (2) to (4) of the said section seventy-seven which relate to the entry of premises under the authority of a ustice’s warrant) shall apply in relation to any ship, aircraft,

/ehicle, stall or place which may be entered under the powers inferred by this section as they apply in relation to premises, ind as if any reference to the occupier of premises were a reference to die master, commander or other person in charge )f the ship, aircraft, vehicle, stall or place.

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2 & 3 Buz. 2

782 Ch. 67

Powers of 23.—(1) The powers of sampling officers to take samples

Ministers* under section nineteen of this Act may be exercised also, in relation to milk—

(a) in any case, by an inspector of the Minister; and

(b) for purposes connected with the enforcement of any such .provisions as are described in subsection (2) of section sixteen of this Act, by an authorised officer of the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries,

and references to a sampling officer in subsection (4) of the said section nineteen and in section twenty of this Act shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Any such inspector or officer as aforesaid shall, for the purpose—

(a) of taking any sample of milk under this section; or

(b) of ascertaining whether there is or has been any con-

travention of the provisions of the principal Act, the Act of 1950 or this Act or of any regulations or order made thereunder, being provisions which the Minister or the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries (as the case may be) is required or empowered to enforce,

have the like powers of entry as are exercisable, under section seventy-seven of the principal Act or section twenty-two of this Act, by an authorised officer of a council; and in relation to any such inspector or officer the reference in subsection (2) of the said section seventy-seven to the council shall be construed as a reference to the Minister or the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, as the case may be.

(3) Section seventy-three of the principal Act (which provides for the inspection by officers of the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries of premises used for the production of margarine or butter) shall cease to have effect.

Restriction on 24.—(1) Without prejudice to any power of examining food

movement of which may be conferred by regulations under this Act, an Imported food, authorised officer of a port health authority into whose district any food has been imported with a view to sale for human consumption may give directions to the person in possession of the food prohibiting or restricting its removal or delivery-

fa) during any period not exceeding forty-eight hours, and

(b) if within that period the officer so requires, until that person has notified the officer of the name of the person to whom, and the address to or at which, he proposes to send or deliver the food.

(2) The power conferred by the foregoing subsection on an authorised officer of a port health authority shall be exercisable

954

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

Ch. 67

783

tlso, in relation to an area not forming .part of a port health listrict, by an authorised officer of a local authority or county nouncil.

(3) Any person who fails to comply with any direction given mder subsection (1) of this section, or who in a notification hereunder knowingly makes any misstatement, shall be guilty of in offence; and subsection (3) of section seventy-eight of the xincipaJ Act (which imposes a special penalty for failure to iirnish information or for furnishing false information in certain ases) shall not apply.

25. For paragraph (a) of the proviso to subsection (1) of Commence-section eighty of the principal Act (which provides a time-limit meet of

for prosecution in certain cases) there shall be substituted the proceedings, following paragraph:—

" (a)where a sample has been procured under this Act, no

prosecution in respect of the article or substance shall be begun after the expiration of—

(i) in the case of a sample of milk, twenty-eight days,

(ii) in any other case, two months,

beginning with the date on which the sample was procured, unless the justice of the peace before whom the information is laid, on being satisfied on oath that having regard to the circumstances of the particular case it was not practicable to lay the information at an earlier date, gives a certificate to that effect; and, if the prosecution is in respect of a sample of milk, it shall not in any case be begun after the expiration of forty-two days beginning with the said date."

26. —(1) A person guilty of an offence under the principal Penalties and Act, the 1950 Act or this Act shall, unless a special penalty for

that offence is provided by any of those Acts, be liable to a oorpora fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or both, and, in the case of a continuing offence, to a further fine not exceeding five pounds for each day during which the offence continues after conviction.

(2) Subsection (4) of section nine of the principal Act (which provides a special penalty in respect of the sale of food unfit for human consumption) shall cease to have effect.

(3) Where an offence under the principal Act, the 1950 Act or this Act or any regulations or order made under any of those Acts which has been committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director.

784

Ql 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment Act, 1954

2 A 3 Elb.1

Contraventions originating in Scotland or Northern Ireland.

manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body a* porate or any person who was purporting to act in any nd capacity, he as well as the body corporate shall be deemed to be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

(4) In this section, the expression " director ", in relation to any body corporate established by or undo any enactment tor the purpose of carrying on under national ownership any indmav or part of an industry or undertaking, being a body corponfc whose affairs are managed by the members thereof, mesas i member of that body corporate.

(5) The provisions of this section and (without prejudice to subsection (2) of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act 1889) the repeal by this Act of section seventy-nine of the pda cipal Act shall not affect any proceedings in respect of an ofact committed before this Act comes into operation.

27.—(1) Where proceedings are brought against any peno: (hereafter in this section referred to as " the defendant *) is respect of a contravention of any provisions of the principal Aa. the 1950 Act or this Act, or of regulations made under any of those Acts, and it is proved—

(a) that the contravention was due to the act or defeat of some other person, being an act or default wind took place in Scotland or Northern Ireland, and (h) that the defendant used all due diligence to seem compliance with the said provisions, the defendant shall, subject to the provisions of this section, lie acquitted of the offence.

(2) The defendant shall not be entitled to be acquitted under this section unless within seven days from the service of the summons on him he has given notice in writing to the proseca-tion of his intention to rely upon die provisions of this section, specifying the name and address of the person to whose aa or default he alleges that the contravention was due, and bts sent a like notice to that person.

(3) The person specified in a notice saved under this section shall be entitled to appear at the hearing and to give evidence, and the court may, if it thinks fit, adjourn the haring to enable him to do so.

(4) Where it is proved that the contravention of the pro visions in question was due to the act or default of some person other than the defendant, being an act or default which took place in Scotland or Northern Ireland, the court shall (whether or not the defendant is acquitted) cause notice of the proceedings to be sent to the Minister or, in the case of a contravention of regulations made by the Board of Trade, to the Board.

*54

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

Ch. 67

785

—(1) Subsection (2) of section sixty-one of the principal Further ict (which enables a local authority to pass a resolution deter- provisions as to lining upon die closure of private slaughterhouses in their istrict) shall have effect in relation to any resolution passed by slaughter-

local authority under that subsection after the coining into houses, orce of this section as if for the reference therein to such date s may be fixed by the authority’s resolution there were sub-tituted a reference to the appointed date, which shall be a date ixed by the Minister if he approves the resolution.

(2) The Minister may, in giving or withholding his approval

0 a resolution of a local authority under the said subsection (2)

>r under subsection <2) of section four of the Slaughterhouses Vet, 1954 (under which a local authority may resolve to restrict n future the grant of slaughterhouses licences in their district),

>eing a resolution passed by the authority after the coming into !orce of this section, direct the authority to take such steps as le may specify for informing persons interested of the effect of lie resolution and his decision thereon and also, in the case of

1 resolution which he has approved, of the date fixed by him as lie appointed date for the purposes thereof; and the authority shall comply with any such direction.

(3) It is hereby declared that a person’s entidement under subsection (1) of section five of the said Act of 1954 (which provides for compensation to be paid by a local authority on die closure of private slaughterhouses in their district) to compensation in respect of any interest of his in premises is not to be treated as taken away by any undertaking not to claim the compensation which may have been given in connection with the grant or renewal of a slaughterhouse licence as defined by that Act.

This subsection shall be deemed always to have had effect.

29.—(1) Anything required or authorised by or under this Act Miscellaneous to be done by, to or before the Board of Trade may be done by, provision8 to or before the President of the Board, any Minister of State toLd of Trade with duties concerning the affairs of the Board, any Secretary, and their Under-Secretary, or Assistant Secretary of the Board, or any regulations, person authorised in that behalf by the President.

In this subsection the expression " Minister of State " means such a Minister of the Crown as is referred to in section two of the Re-Election of Ministers Act, 1919, as explained by the House of Commons Disqualification (Declaration of Law) Act,

1935.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) of section sixty-five of the principal Act (which relates to the taking of proceedings by county councils and local authorities), no council other than a local authority for the purposes of the Weights

786 Ch. 67 Food and Drugs 2 3 Buz. 2

Amendment Act> 1954

and Measures Acts, 1878 to 1936, shall institute proceedings for an offence against regulations made by the Board of Trade under section five of this Act.

(3) Section seventy-seven of the principal Act (which relates to powers of entry) and section twenty-two of this Act shall not apply in relation to the enforcement of regulations made by die Board of Trade under die said section five, but section ten of the Sale of Food (Weights and Measures) Act, 1926 (which confers special powers of entry and inspection on inspectors of weights and measures), shall apply as if references therein to the said Act of 1926 and to its requirements included references respectively to regulations so made as aforesaid and to the requirements of such regulations.

Miscellaneous and General Application 30.—(1) Her Majesty may by Order in Coundl provide far

to Crown. the application to the Crown of such of the provisions of the principal Act, the 1950 Act and of this Act and of any regulations or order made under any of those Acts as may be specified in the Order, with such exceptions, adaptations and modifications as may be so specified.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsection, an Order under this section may make special provision for the enforcement of any provisions applied by the Order, and, where any such provision imposes a liability on a person by reason that he is the occupier or owner of premises or the owner of a business or the principal on whose behalf any transaction is carried out, the Order may make provision for determining, in a case where the premises are occupied or owned or the business is owned by the Crown or the transaction is carried out on behalf of the Crown, the person who is to be treated as so liable.

General 31.—(1) Any power to make regulations or orders under this

provisions as Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument to regulations,

etc. (2) Any statutory instrument containing regulations made undo

this Act, or containing an order made under section four of this Act or an Order in Council made under section thirty of this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament; and no order shall be made under section nine of this Act unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by resolution of eaoh House of Parliament.

(3) Regulations made under section six or section ten of this Act, and any order made under section nine of this Act, may be made so as to apply throughout England and Wales or to apply only in such area or areas as may be specified in foe regulations or order.

1954 Food and Drugs Ch. 67 787

Amendment Act91954

(4) Any order made under section four or section nine of this Act, and any Order in Council made under section thirty of this Act, may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order or Order in Council made thereunder.

(5) Subsections (2) to (4) of section ninety-two of the principal Act (which contains supplementary provisions as to regulations under that Act) shall apply to any order under section four of this Act as they apply to regulations under that Act.

32. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Par- Expenses, liament—

(a) any expenses incurred by any Minister of the Crown

or Government department in consequence of the provisions of this Act; and

(b) any increase attributable to this Act in the moneys to

be so provided under Part I of the Local Government Act, 1948, or the Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954.

33. —(1) In this Act, " the Minister " means the Minister of Interpretation. Food, "the Ministers" means the Minister of Food and the Minister of Health acting jointly," the principal Act " means the Food and Drugs Act, 1938, and "the 1950 Act" means the Food and Drugs (Milk, Dairies and Artificial Cream) Act, 1950.

(2) For the purposes of this Act the supply of food for human consumption, otherwise than by sale, at, in or from any place where food is supplied in the course of a business shall be deemed to be a sale of that food, and references to purchasing and purchasers shall be construed accordingly; and where in connection with any business in the course of which food is supplied the place where food is served to the customers is different from the place where the food is consumed, both those places shall be deemed to be places in which food is sold.

(3) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say: —

" advertisement " includes any notice, circular, label, wrapper, invoice or other document, and any public announcement made orally or by any means of producing or transmitting light or sound, and " advertise " shall be construed accordingly;

" analysis " includes micro-biological assay, but no other form of biological assay, and " analyse " shall be construed accordingly;

" business " includes the undertaking of a canteen, club, school, hospital or institution, whether carried on for profit or not, and any undertaking or activity carried on by a public or local authority;

788

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2 ft 3 Elu;

1

" council " includes a port health authority;

" food " includes drink, chewing gum and other prodac* of a like nature and use, and articles and sotancu used as ingredients in the preparation of food or drok or of such products, but does not include—

(a) water, live animals or birds,

(b) fodder or feeding stuffs for animals, birds or fish, or

(c) articles or substances used only as drugs;

" home-going ship " means a ship plying exclusively i inland waters, or engaged exclusively in coastal exor cions; and for the purpose of this definition "inlaid waters " means any canal, river, lake, navigation or estuary, and " coastal excursion ’* means an excunia lasting not more than one day which starts and ati in Great Britain and does not involve caning at ay place outside Great Britain;

" human consumption " includes use in the preparation i food for human consumption;

" importation " has the same meaning as it has for tk purposes of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952, and "import" shall be construed accordingly;

" premises " means a building or part of a building, and any forecourt, yard or place of storage used in connection with a building or part of a building ud includes, in relation to dairies, dairy farms and the trade of dairyman or dairy farmer, any land other that buildings;

" preparation ", in relation to food, includes manufacnne and any form of treatment, and " preparation for ole’ includes packaging; and "prepare" and "preps for sale " shall be construed accordingly;

" ship " includes any boat or craft

(4) References in this Act to any enactment shall, except §o far as the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactmetf. including this Act.

(5) Subsections (2) and (3) of this section shall apply to tk interpretation of the principal Act and the 1950 Act as they apply to the interpretation of this Act, but without prejudice to the provisions of section twenty-eight of the 1950 Act (which relate to the interpretation of certain (provisions of Part II of that Act):

Provided that subsection (2) of this section shall not apply to the interpretation of section fourteen of the principal Act

1954

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

Ch. 67

789

(6) In sections three and six of the principal Act, except so Ear as those sections relate to drugs, and in subsection (1) of section fourteen of that Act, any reference to sale shall be construed as a reference to sale for human consumption.

34. —(1) This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision—

(a) any reference in the principal Act to that Act, except any such reference in sections one hundred and one to one hundred and three, and except any reference to a specific provision thereof, shall be construed as including a reference to this Act;

to) any reference in the principal Act to regulations made thereunder shall be construed as including a reference to regulations made under this Act; and

(c) any reference in the principal Act to Food Regulations or Bread and Flour Regulations shall be construed as a reference to regulations made under this Act.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in this section, so much of subsection (1) of section ninety-six of the principal Act as applies section three hundred and nineteen of the Public Health Act, 1936, to regulations made under the principal Act shall not apply to regulations made under this Act; and subsection (4) of section ninety-two of the principal Act (which provides for consultation with representative organisations before making regulations under that Act) shall not apply to regulations made under this Act reproducing, without substantive modification, any regulations or order in force immediately before the commencement of this Act.

(3) Any reference in the 1950 Act to the principal Act (not bring a reference to any specific provision of that Act) shall be construed as including a reference to this Act.

(4) Section one hundred of the principal Act (which relates to interpretation) shall have effect in its application to this Act as if the definition of '* Minister *’ were omitted; and nothing in this section shall be construed as extending the operation of section thirty-three of this Act except so far as is expressly provided by that section.

35. —(1) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of applying to Northern Ireland certain provisions of the principal Act and this Act and for purposes connected therewith.

Construction with principal Act.

Application to

Northern

Ireland.

790

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2 & 3 Buz. 2

Minor and consequential amendments, repeals and savings.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, it shall be within the powers of the Parliament of; Northern Ireland to enact legislation—

(a) for purposes corresponding (with the necessary modi-

fications) with any of the purposes of subsection (4) of section twenty of this Act or of section twenty-seven of this Act, or with the purposes of sections seventy-seven and eighty-three of the principal Act or sections sixteen, nineteen to twenty-three and twenty-six of this Act as extended by this Act to Northern Ireland;

(b) for repealing so much of the said Second Schedule as

relates to section seventy-seven or section eighty-three of the principal Act, or to sections sixteen, nineteen | to twenty-three and twenty-six of this Act

(c) for applying to the Crown, in matters relating to func-

tions of the Crown in respect of Irish services within | the meaning of the Government of Ireland Act 1920, or property held on behalf of the Crown for the purposes of such services, any enactments of the Parliament of Northern Ireland passed, whether before or after the | passing of this Act, for purposes similar to those of the principal Act or the 1950 Act or this Act

(3) For the purposes of section six of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, the Defence (Sale of Food) Regulations, 1943, shall be deemed to be made in pursuance of an Act passed before the appointed day within the meaning of that section.

36.—(1) The provisions of the principal Act, the 1950 Act, and the Slaughterhouses Act, 1954, specified in the Third: Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in that Schedule, being minor amendments and amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of this Act

(2) The enactments and regulations mentioned in the Fourth i Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in this Act—

(a) any regulations made, or having effect as if made, undo Part I or Part III of the principal Act and in force immediately before the commencement of this Act shall continue in force and have effect as if made under the corresponding provision of this Act, and any order made under such regulations in force as aforesaid shaD continue in force accordingly, and may be further continued by regulations made under any such corresponding provision, as if made under the last mentioned regulations;

954

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

Ch. 67

791

(6) any order made by the Minister under Regulation 2 of the Defence (Sale of Food) Regulations, 1943, and in force immediately before the commencement of this Act, shall continue in force and have effect as if contained in regulations made under section three or section five of this Act, and may be varied or revoked by such regulations accordingly;

(any order made by the Board of Trade under the said Regulation 2 and so in force shall continue in force and have effect as if contained in regulations made by the Board under section five of this Act and may be varied or revoked by such regulations accordingly;

Uh any direction given before the commencement of this Act under paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of the proviso to the definition of "food and drugs authority" in section sixty-four of the principal Act shall continue in force and have effect as if given under subsection (2) or subsection (3) of section fourteen of this Act, as the case may be.

(4) Any regulations made under Part I or Part HI of the principal Act and continued in force by virtue of paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection, and any order continued in force by virtue of paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of that subsection, shall have effect (subject to any variation thereof by regulations under this Act) as if the regulations or order contained a provision making any contravention thereof, or failure to comply therewith, an offence under this Act.

(5) Any such order as aforesaid shall also have effect,—

(a) in the case of an order made by the Minister, as if it

specified food and drugs authorities as the authority to enforce and execute within their area the provisions of the order; and

(b) in the case of an order made by the Board of Trade,

as if it specified local authorities for the purposes of the Weights and Measures Acts, 1878 to 1936, as the said authority.

37.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Food and Drugs Amendment Act, 1954; and the principal Act, the 1950 Act and this Act may be cited together as the Food and Drugs Acts, 1938 to 1954.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on such date as may be appointed by order of the Minister:

Provided that section twenty-eight of this Act shall come into operation on die date of the passing of this Act.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

Short title, citation, commencement and extent.

792

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

SCHEDULES

Sections 20, 21.

FIRST SCHEDULE

Provisions as to manner in which samples taken or

PURCHASED FOR ANALYSIS ARB TO BE DEALT WITH

1. The sampling officer shall forthwith divide the sample into three parts, each part to be marked and sealed or fastened up in such manner as its nature will permit, and shall—

(a) with respect to one part of the sample comply with paragraphs 2 to 8 of this Schedule, and

(b) deal with the remaining parts in accordance with paragraph 9 of this Schedule.

2. —(1) If the sample was purchased by the sampling officer, he shall give the part of the sample to the vendor.

(2) In relation to a sample purchased from an automatic machi ne this paragraph shall apply as if for the reference to the vendor there were substituted a reference—

(a) if the name and address (being an address in England or Wales) of a person stated to be the proprietor of the machine appears on the machine, to that person;

(b) in any other case, to the occupier of the premises on which the machine stands or to which it is affixed.

3. If the sample is of goods consigned from outside England and Wales and was taken by the sampling officer before delivery to the consignee, the officer shall give the part of the sample to the consignee.

4. —(1) This paragraph applies in relation to any sample of mill taken by the sampling officer, except to—

(a) one in relation to which the last foregoing paragraph applies, or

(b) any sample of cream.

(2) If the sample was taken from a container—

(a) having a capacity greater than six pints, and

(b) appearing to the officer to show the name and address (being

an address in England or Wales) of any person as consignor of the milk,

the officer shall give the part of the sample to that person.

(3) If the sample was taken from a container—

(a) having a capacity of six pints or less, and

(b) appearing to the officer to show the name and address (being an address in England or Wales) of any person as the person who put the milk into the container,

the officer shall give the part of the sample to that person.

954

Food and Drugs

Amendment 1954

Ch. 67

793

(4) If— 1st Sch.

(a) neither of the two foregoing sub-paragraphs apply, and —cont

(b) the sample was taken at a dairy,

be officer shall give the part of the sample to the occupier of the airy.

(5) If none of the three foregoing sub-paragraphs apply, the officer hall give the part of the sample—

(a) to the occupier of the dairy from which the milk was consigned, or

(b) if the milk was consigned from more than one dairy, to the occupier of the dairy from which it was last consigned.

5. If—

(a) none of the foregoing paragraphs of this Schedule apply, and

(b) the sample was taken by the sampling officer at the request of a purchaser, or taken with the consent of a purchaser by retail,

be officer shall give the part of the sample to the vendor.

6. If—

none of the foregoing paragraphs of this Schedule apply, and (b) the sample was taken in transit, the sampling officer shall give the part of the sample to the consignor.

7. If none of the foregoing paragraphs of this Schedule apply, the sampling officer shall give the part of the sample to the person appearing to be the owner of the food, drug or substance of which the sample was taken.

8. In every case to which paragraphs 2 to 7 of this Schedule apply the sampling officer shall inform the person to whom the part of the sample is given that the sample was purchased or taken for the purpose of analysis by a public analyst.

9. Of the remaining parts of the sample, the sampling officer shall, unless he decides not to have an analysis made, submit one for analysis in accordance with section sixty-nine of the principal Act, and retain the other for future comparison.

10. Any part of a sample which under this Schedule is to be given to any person may be given either by delivering it to him or to his agent or by sending it to him by post in a registered packet; but where after reasonable inquiry the sampling officer is unable to ascertain the name and address of the person to whom the part of the sample is to be given, he may, in lieu of giving the part to that person, retain it.

le

794

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2 & 3 Em.1

Section 35.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Application of certain provisions of principal Act an> ts Act to Northern Ireland

1. Subject to the following provisions of this Schedule, thefoflonj provisions of the principal Act and this Act shall apply to Nonfat Ireland, that is to say:—

(a) sections three to six of this Act so far as they relate to import

tion;

(b) sections seventy-seven, eighty-three and ninety-two of principal Act and sections sixteen, nineteen to twenty-fat twenty-six and thirty-one of this Act, subsection (4) of sectkc thirteen of this Act, so far as they relate to regulation fa orders made or to be made by the Ministers under the aid sections three to six and applying to Northern Ireland or t the enforcement or execution of such regulations or ordm,

(c) so much of this Act as amends or repeals any enac&Kg which extends to Northern Ireland and which the Fariaaci of Northern Ireland has not power to amend or repeal;

() section thirty of this Act, except so far as it relates to fraction of the Crown in respect of Irish services within the mou| of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, or property on behalf of the Crown for the purposes of such senim. and section thirty-one of this Act so far as it relates ton Order in Council made under the said section thirty fa extending to Northern Ireland.

2. In the application to Northern Ireland of any enactment itfand to in the foregoing paragraph—

(a) any reference to the Ministers shall be construed as a rderac to the Secretary of State and the Minister of Food acta| jointly;

(b) references to the Board of Trade shall be omitted, and references to regulations shall be construed as referring only o regulations made by the Ministers;

(c) any reference to a council shall be construed as, and or reference to a food and drugs authority shall be oooostnn! as including, a reference to a health authority or a par sanitary authority; and

() any reference to a sampling officer shall be construed is i reference to an officer authorised in that behalf by any sod authority as aforesaid or by the Minister of Food;

and the enactments specified in the first column of the following able shall, in their application to Northern Ireland, have effect subject ts the additional modifications specified in relation thereto in the second column of that table.

954

Food and Drugs

Amendment Act, 1954

Ch. 67

795

Enactment Thb principal Act Section seventy-seven

Section ninety-two ...

This Act Section three...

Section four ...

Table

Modification

In subsection (6), for the words 44 the local authority under the Diseases of Animals Acts, 1894 to 1937" there shall be substituted the words 44 the health authority under the Diseases of Animals Acts (Northern Ireland), 1894 to 1948 ".

In subsection (2), in paragraph (a), the reference to the principal Act and this Act shall include a reference to any corresponding Northern Irish enactment; in paragraph (b), the reference to any Act shall include a reference to any Northern Irish enactment and the reference to the principal Act, the 1950 Act and this Act shall include a reference to any corresponding Northern Irish enactment; in paragraph (c), the reference to a court of summary jurisdiction shall be construed as a reference to a court of summary jurisdiction constituted in accordance with the Northern Irish enactments relating to summary jurisdiction; and in paragraph (e), for the reference to subsection (1) of section twenty-six of this Act there shall be substituted a reference to the corresponding Northern Irish enactment.

In subsection (3), for the words from44 county councils" to 44port health authorities" there shall be substituted the words 44 the Commissioners of Customs and Excise, health authorities or port sanitary authorities "; and the reference to the principal Act, the 1950 Act and this Act shall be construed as a reference to any corresponding Northern Irish enactment.

Subsection (6) shall not apply.

In subsection (1), in paragraph (c), for the reference to England and Wales there shall be substituted a reference to Northern Ireland.

In subsection (4), for the reference to section ten of the principal Act there shall be substituted a reference to any corresponding Northern Irish enactment.

In subsection (1), the words 44 production or " and the words 44 or use " shall be omitted.

2nd Sou. —com.

796

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2 & 3Euz .2

2nd Sch.

— con

Enactment This Kcr—cont. Section four—com.

Section five ... Section sixteen

Section nineteen Section twenty Section twenty-one ...

Section twenty-two ...

Section twenty-three

Section twenty-six ... Section thirty

Section thirty-one ... First Schedule

Modification

In subsection (3), the reference to summary conviction shall be construed as a reference to conviction in accordance with the Northern Irish enactments relating to summary jurisdiction.

Subsections (1), (2) and (7) shall not apply.

Subsections (1) and (2), paragraph (b) of subsection (3), paragraphs ( ) and (b) of subsection (4) and paragraph (a) of subsection (5) shall not apply.

Subsections (3) and (5) shall not apply.

Subsections (2) and (5) shall not apply.

In subsection (2), the first reference to the principal Act shall be omitted.

Paragraph (b) of subsection (2) and subsections (3) to (5) shall not apply.

In subsection (1), in paragraph (b), the reference to any home-going ship shall be omitted.

Subsections (1) and (3) and paragraph (a) of i subsection (2) shall not apply; and in subsection (2), for the words "such inspector or officer as aforesaid " there shall be substituted the words " inspector of the Minister ", and references to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries shall be omitted.

Subsections (1), (2) and (5) shall not apply.

In subsection (1), the reference to the principal Act, the 1950 Act, and this Act shall include a reference to any corresponding Northern Irish enactment and the reference to regulations shall be construed accordingly.

Subsection (3) shall not apply.

Sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 2 shall not apply.

In paragraphs 3 and 4, for references to England and Wales there shall be substituted references to Northern Ireland.

In paragraph 9 for the words " in accordance with section sixty-nine of the principal Act " there shall be substituted the words " as if the sample had been procured under section thirteen of the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875 ".

3. Any regulations or order made under this Act and extending to Northern Ireland shall provide for applying, in relation to offences thereunder, the provisions of section eighty of the principal Act or of any corresponding Northern Irish enactment, subject to such

797

1954 Food and Drugs Ch. 67

Amendment Act, 1954

modifications or adaptations (if any) as may be specified in the 2nd Sch. regulations or order. —corn.

4. Any expenses incurred in the enforcement or execution of regulations with respect to the importation of food (including milk) in Northern Ireland—

(a) if incurred by a health authority, shall be defrayed in like manner as expenses are defrayed under subsection (1) of section twenty-five of the Public Health and Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act (Northern Ireland),

1946, or under that section as amended or re-enacted (with or without modifications) by any Northern Irish enactment;

#) if incurred by a port sanitary authority, shall be defrayed in like manner as expenses are defrayed under subsection (4) of section nine of the Public Health (Ireland! Act, 1896, or under that section as amended or re-enacted (with or without modifications) by any Northern Irish enactment.

5. Any reference in the foregoing provisions of this Schedule to any Northern Irish enactment shall be construed as a reference to any enactment for the time being in force in Northern Ireland, including any enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

6. Section one of the Public Health (Regulations as to Food) Act,

1907 (under which regulations may be made as to the importation, preparation, storage and distribution of food), shall, in its application to Northern Ireland, cease to have effect so far as it relates to matters with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has no power to make laws.

THIRD SCHEDULE Section 36

Minor and Consequential Amendments The Food and Drugs Act, 1938 (1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 56.

Section 6

In subsection (1), after the words " sold by him " there shall be inserted the words " or displays with any food or drug exposed by him for sale and in subsection (1) and subsection (2) the word "otherwise" shall be omitted.

In subsection (2), after the word "given" there shall be inserted the words " or displayed ".

Section 10

In subsection (1), for the words " An authorised officer of a local authority " there shall be substituted the words " An authorised officer of a council"; and in subsection (4), for the words "an officer of a local authority, the authority " there shall be substituted the words " an authorised officer of a council, the council".

Section 11

In subsection (1), for the words " The foregoing provisions relating to unsound food," there shall be substituted the words " The last two foregoing sections ".

Section 12

For the words " an authorised officer of a local authority," there shall be substituted the words " an authorised officer of a council".

﻿798

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2&3Eui-

3rd Sch. The words " cart, barrow or other " shall be omitted, and in pm

—cont. graph (a) of the proviso, sub-paragraph (iii) shall be omitted and fa

die words " examination of the contents " there shall be substfad the word "detention ".

Section 13

In subsection (6), for the words " neither this nor the next succeed^ section shall apply " there shall be substituted the words "the nn succeeding section shall not apply

Section 16

In subsection (1), the words " from a cart, barrow or other" ant the words " basket, pail, tray or other " shall be omitted.

Section 19

For subsection (1) there shall be substituted the following afc. section:—

" (1) No person shall sell, or offer or expose for sale, or h* in his possession for the purpose of sale or of preparation for sale, for human consumption any part of, or product derive wholly or partly from, an animal which has been slaughtered i a knacker’s yard or of which the carcase has been brought me a knacker’s yard

Section 34 The section shall cease to have effect.

Section 35 The section shall cease to have effect.

Section 37

In subsection (1), for the words " milk-borne disease " there dal be substituted the words " disease to which this subsection applies In subsections (2) and (4), for the words " milk-borne disease’ there shall be substituted the words " disease communicable a human beings".

For subsection (5) there shall be substituted the following sob-section :—

"(5) Subsection (1) of this section applies to the doean specified in Part II of the First Schedule to this Act and my other disease which the Minister of Health may by order dedst to be a disease to which that subsection applies ".

Section 38

In subsection (1) and in subsection (4), for the words "a shop, stall or place" there shall be substituted the words " premises, oris a stall, vehicle or place ".

Section 58

In subsection (1), after the word "may " there shall be inserted the words " and shall if so required by the Minister of Food".

Section 60 In subsection (2),—

(a) in paragraph (a), for the word "shall " there shall be substituted the words " may, and shall if so required by the Minister of Food"; and

L*

954

Food and Drugs

Amendment Act, 1954

Ch. 67

799

(6) in paragraph (c), for the words " treating or disposing of waste matters and refuse" there shall be substituted the words " disposing of, treating or processing waste matters, refuse or by-products

'ection 63

The words " belonging to the Port of London Authority or the Jersey Docks and Harbour Board and " shall be omitted.

'ection 65

In subsection (1), the words from " with a view " to the end of the ubsection shall be omitted. lection 68

In subsection (1), for the words " a Food and Drugs authority, >r of a local authority not being a food and drugs authority " there shall substituted the words " a council "; the words " of food and drugs " hall be omitted; and after the words "this section" there shall be inserted he words " and section nineteen of the Food and Drugs Amendment Vet, 1954"

In subsection (2), for the words " any food or drug " there shall be ubstituted the words " any food, drug or substance capable of being lsed in the preparation of food

In subsection (4), the words " the like powers " shall be omitted, ifter the word "thereof" there shall be inserted the words " the like jowers of taking samples of milk as are conferred on a sampling >fficer by section nineteen of the Food and Drugs Amendment Act, 1954 ", and after the words " the purposes of" there shall be inserted the words " that Act and

In subsection (5), for the words " passes in transit " there shall be mbstituted the words "is transported", and the words "at that dairy or while it is in transit " shall be omitted.

Subsections (8) and (9) shall cease to have effect.

Section 69

In subsection (1), after the words "food or drug" there shall be inserted the words " or substance ".

In subsection (2), after the words " food or drug " there shall be inserted the words " or substance capable of being used in the preparation of food ".

Section 72

In subsection (1), for the words " the last but one foregoing section " here shall be substituted the words " section twenty of the Food and Drugs Amendment Act, 1954 ",

Section 77

Subsection (7) shall cease to have effect.

Section 78

Throughout subsection (2), wherever the words " food or drug " occur there shall be added after those words the words " or substance " and for the words " of any food of which " there shall be substituted the words " of any article or substance of which ".

At the end of the proviso to subsection (3) there shall be added the words " or as affecting any powers exercisable by virtue of paragraph [e) of subsection (2) of section ninety-two of this Act, or under that paragraph as applied by subsection (5) of section thirty-one of the Food and Drugs Amendment Act, 1954 ".

3rd Sch. —corn.

800

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2&3BUZ.2

3rd Sch.

—cont.

Section 80

In subsection (1), after the word "thereunder " there shall be inserted the words " and any offence against an order under section four of the Food and Drugs Amendment Act, 1954

In subsections (1), (2) and (3), after the word "article ", wherever that word occurs in those subsections (except in paragraph (a) of the proviso to subsection (1)), there shall be inserted the words "or substance Section 81

In subsection (4), after the word "regulations " there shall be inserted the words " or byelaws

Section 84

In subsection fl), for the words from " in the case of " to " dealt with it " there shall be substituted the words " in any proceeding for an offence under the Food and Drugs Acts, 1938 to 1954, or my regulations made under those Acts, bong an offence consisting of selling, or offering, exposing or advertising for sale, or having in possession for the purpose of sale, any article or substance ", and for paragraph (a) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:— " (a) that he purchased it as being an article or substance which could lawfully be sold or otherwise dealt with as aforesaid or, as the case may be, could lawfully be so sold or dealt with under the name or description or for the purpose under or for which he sold or dealt with it, and with a written warranty to that effect; and

In subsection (2), in paragraph (a), for the words " within seven days of the service of the summons," there shall be substituted the words " not later than three clear days before the date of the hearing."

In subsection (2), the following paragraph shall be substituted for paragraph (c):—

" (c) in the case of a prosecution in respect of a sample of mil kprocured from him, the defendant either—

(i) has within sixty hours after the sample was procured served such a notice as is mentioned in paragraph (2) of the Third Schedule to this Act, or

(ii) not having served such a notice, proves that he had reasonable cause to believe that such a notice would have been of no effect by reason of the fact that the milk in question was a mixture of milk produced on more than one dairy farm ".

In subsection (3), after the words " the article " there shall be inserted the words " or substance

In subsection (5), for the words " food or drug " there shall be substituted the words " article or substance " and for the words from " is of such a nature " to " contravening " there shall be substituted the words " can be sold or otherwise dealt with under that name or description by any person without contravening

Section 85

In subsection (1), for the words " food or drug ", in both places where those words occur, there shall be substituted the words " article or substance "; in subsection (2), for the words " food or drug sold

954

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

Ch. 67

801

>y him " there shall be substituted the words " article or substance old by him, being an article or substance in respect of which a warranty might be pleaded under the last foregoing section In subsection (3), for the words "food or drug*' there shall be ubstituted the words 44 article or substance ’*.

lection 89

Alter the word "Act * there shall be inserted the words " or under ay regulations made under the Food and Drugs Acts, 1938 to 1954 *'.

lection 90

la subsection (1), after the word "Act *’ there shall be inserted the fords " or under any regulations made under the Food and Drugs ids, 1938 to 1954 *’.

In subsection (2), after the word "Act " there shall be inserted the fords " or under any such regulations as aforesaid *'.

lection 91

At the end of the section there shall be added the following

subsection:—

44 (3) In so far as any byelaws made under Part V of this Act conflict with regulations made under this Act or the Food and Drugs Amendment Act, 1954, the regulations shall prevail."

lection 92

In subsection (2), in paragraph (/), for the words 44 the Minister " here shall be substituted the words 44 the Minister of Food and the disaster of Health acting jointly

In subsection (2), in paragraph (a), for the words 44 provide for " here shall be substituted the words 44 modify for the purposes of the egulations any provisions of this Act or the Food and Drugs Amendment Act, 1954, relating to and after the word 44 taking * there hall be inserted the word 44analysis"; in paragraph (e), for the fords 44 section seventy-nine of this Act" there shall be substituted be words 44 subsection (1) of section twenty-six of the Food and )rngs Amendment Act, 1954 "; and after the said paragraph (e) there hall be inserted the following paragraph:—

44 (ee)require persons carrying on any activity to which the

regulations apply to keep and produce records and furnish returns;

For subsection (4), there shall be substituted the following sub-oction:—

44 (4) Before making the regulations the Minister of Food and the Minister of Health or, as the case may be, the Board of Trade, shall consult with such organisations as appear to them to be representative of interests substantially affected by the regulations

ection 94

In subsections (1) and (2), for the words 44a local authority" wherever they occur) there shall be substituted the words44 a council" od for the words 44 the authority " (wherever they occur) there shall e substituted the words 44 the council".

2 C

3rd Sgh. —cont.

802

Ch. 67 Food and Drugs 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Amendment , 1954

3rd Sch For subsection (3) there shall be substituted the following sub* —amt. section:—

" (3) For the purposes of this section, a public analyst appointed by a food and drugs authority shall be treated as being an officer of the authority whether or not he is employed whole-time ".

Section 97

After the words 44 benefit of’* there shall be inserted the words "his personal representative, or of".

Section 100

In subsection (1), at the end of the definition of 44 animal " that! shall be added the words 44 or fish in paragraph (c) of the proviso to the definition of "authorised officer ", after the words " a sanitary inspector " there shall be inserted the words " a person having such qualifications as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister of Food and the Minister of Health acting jointly "; in the definition of "container ", for the words " a package " there shall be substituted the words " any basket, pail, tray, package."

In the said subsection, after the definition of 44 authorised officer" there shall be inserted the following definition:—

" * catering premises * has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (7A) of section fourteen of this Act ".

Third Schedule

In paragraph (2), for the words 44 obtained by him from mote than one person " there shall be substituted the words " produced oq more than one dairy farm ".

In paragraph (3), for the words 44 proviso (a) " there shall be substituted the words 44 the proviso ".

The Food and Drugs (Milk, Dairies and Artificial Cream) Act,

1950 (14 Geo. 6. c. 35.

Section 1

In subsection (2), for the words from 44 paragraph (b) " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words 44 section three of the Food and Drugs Amendment Act, 1954 ".

Section 4

For subsection (2), there shall be substituted the following sobi section:—

44 (2) The Ministers before making the regulations shall consol] with such organisations as appear to them to be representative interests substantially affected by the regulations."

Section 7 I

In subsection (5), for the words from 44 the following " to the of the subsection there shall be substituted the words 44 those specific in subsection (1) of section twenty-six of the Food and Drag Amendment Act, 1954."

1954

Food and Drugs

Amendment Act, 1954

Ch. 67

803

lo subsection (6), for the words " provide for " there shall be substituted the words "modify for the purposes of the regulations any provisions of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938, or the Food and Drugs Amendment Act, 1954, relating to ", and after the word "taking " there shall be inserted the word "analysis

Section 9

In subsection (4), the words from " with a view " to the end of the iubsection shall be omitted.

For subsection (2), there shall be substituted the following sub-ection:—

" (2) The Ministers before making such regulations shall consult with such organisations as appear to them to be representative of interests substantially affected by the regulations."

lection 17

In subsection (1), in paragraph (a), for the words " such milk " here shall be substituted the words " the milk

In subsection (1), for the words " a producer of such milk " there hall be substituted the words " the producer of the milk ".

In subsection (3), for the words from * the following " to the end f the subsection there shall be substituted the words " those specified ) subsection (1) of section twenty-six of the Food and Drugs unendment Act, 1954 ".

In subsection (4), for the words "provide for" there shall be substi-lted the words "modify for the purposes of the regulations any revisions of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938, or the Food and Drugs amendment Act, 1954, relating to ", and after the word "taking " there lall be inserted the word "analysis ".

ection 30

The section shall cease to have effect. ection 31

For the words "artificial cream" there shall be substituted the ords " reconstituted cream as defined by section twelve of the Food id Drugs Amendment Act, 1954 ".

In subsection (1), at the end of the definition of "animal " there tall be added the words " or fish ".

Subsection (2) shall cease to have effect. rst Schedule

In paragraph 1 for the words " they shall serve on him a notice " me shall be substituted the words " they may serve on him a notice " id for the words " seven days " there shall be substituted the words twenty-one days ".

3rd Sch.

— con.

Section 15

lection 18

ection 34

2 C 2

804 Ch. 67 Food and Drugs 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Amendment 1954

3rd Sch. The Slaughterhouses Act, 1954

(2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 42.

Section 3

In subsection (3), for the words from 14 section thirteen of the sak Act*’ to "preparation and distribution of food)" there shall bt substituted the words " any regulations in force under section sn oi the Food and Drugs Amendment Act, 1954, and made for the purpose! of paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (2) of that section, or of anj byelaws made by the authority and in force under section fifty-eighi of the Food and Drugs Act, 1938."

Section 36.

FOURTH SCHEDULE Repeals

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

7 Edw. 7. c. 32.

The Public Health (Regulations as to Food) Act, 1907.

In its application to Northern Ireland, section one, so far ai it relates to matters with respect to which the Parliament

of Northern Ireland has no

power to make laws.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 56.

The Food and Drugs Act, 1938.

Section one.

Section two.

Subsection (2) of section three.

In section four, paragraphs (1) to (3), paragraph (5) and paragraph (a) of the proviso.

Section five.

In section six, the word "otherwise", where that word ocean in subsections (1) and (2).

Sections seven and eight.

Subsection (4) of section nine.

In section twelve the words * cart, barrow or other ", an! sub-paragraph Qii) of paragraph (a) of the proviso.

Subsections (1) to (5) of sectioti thirteen.

In subsection (1) of section sin-teen the words " from a cat barrow or other", and the words " basket, pail, tray at other".

Sections thirty, thirty-one^ thirty-two and thirty-three.

954

Food and Drugs

Amendment Act, 1954

Ch. 67

805

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

1 A 2 Geo. 6. The Food and Drugs Act, c. 56—con/. 1938—com.

Sections thirty-four to thirty-six.

Sections forty to forty-three.

In section sixty-four, the words from " and the expression " to the end of the section.

In subsection (1) of section sixty-five, paragraph () and the words 44 with a view " to the end of the subsection.

In section sixty-eight, subsection (3), in subsection (4) the words from the beginning to " consumer ", and subsections (7) to (9).

In section sixty-nine, in subsection (3), the words 44 not exceeding one guinea*, and the words from 44 In giving * to the end of the subsection.

Section seventy.

Section seventy-three.

In section seventy-seven, in subsection (2), the words from 44 and, where the justice is satisfied* to44 use in the man-

ufacture of artificial cream,* and subsection (7).

Section seventy-nine.

In section eighty, in paragraph (a) of the proviso to subsection (1), the words from 44 and in no case ’* to the end of the paragraph.

Subsection (5) of section ninety-two.

In section one hundred, in subsection (1), the definitions of "artificial cream* "Bread and Flour Regulations *, "butter*, "food*. "Food and Drugs authority *, 44 Food Regulations ’*,44 margarine’’, "margarine-cheese", " milk - blended butter ", 44premises* and "prepare" and44 preparation ", and paragraph (6) of subsection (2).

In section one hundred and two, in subsection (2) the words "Part IV of this Act" and the words from "subject to" to the end of paragraph (b).

4th Sen.

—cont.

806 Ch. 67 Fot Amen

4th Sch. —c Session and Chapter Short 1

14 Geo. 6. c. 35. The Food at (Milk, Dai Artificial Cn 1950.

— The Defence Food) Regul

Table of Sto

Short Title

Municipal Corporations Act, Interpretation Act, 1889 ... Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1 Public Health (Regulations Re-Election of Ministers Act

Census Act, 1920

Government of Ireland Act, Sale of Food (Weights and N Local Government Act, 1933 House of Commons Disquali of Law) Act, 1935 Public Health Act, 1936 ...

Food and Drugs Act, 1938 Local Government Act, 194^ Patents Act, 1949

Food and Drugs (Milk, D.

Cream) Act, 1950 Customs and Excise Act, 19-

Local Government (Financi.it

land) Act, 1954 1

Slaughterhouses Act, 1954

. 1954

Ch. 68

809

y requirement imposed on the Part I his section, and who acts in —com. i, shall not thereby commit an ng to the unlawful destruction

ie Minister of Agriculture and power at all reasonable times or the purpose of determining aer, the powers conferred by elation to the land, or whether, quirement imposed under this

ibsections (2) to (7) of section culture Act, 1947 (which conflating to section ninety-eight f powers of entry conferred by to the foregoing provisions of if those provisions were con--eight; and a rabbit clearance ;lude any such directions as are the said section one hundred - disposal of animals killed or y-eight).

tion shall be published in such ^culture and Fisheries thinks as he thinks reasonable for the t of it to the notice of persons of enabling them to purchase

under this section with respect iculture and Fisheries— shed that compliance with this treasonable in the circumstances ich persons as appear to him to e interests in the area of farmers,

: land, and workers employed in forestry interests, if any, in the

f proposal to make the order in hinks reasonable for the purpose ons interested in any land in the

raph (b) of the last foregoing sub-of any directions proposed to be rd to die steps to 1 >t being less than fd in any land 1

be taken under fourteen days) n the area in

806

Ch. 67

Food and Drugs

Amendment , 1954

2&3EUZ.2

4th Sch.

—com.

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

14 Geo. 6.C.35.

The Food and Drugs (Milk, Dairies and Artificial Cream) Act, 1950.

In section one, paragraph (£] of subsection (1).

Section five.

In section nine, in subsectioB (4), the words from M with a view " to the end of the ub-section.

Section eleven.

Section sixteen.

Sections twenty-nine and thirty.

In section thirty-four, in subsection (1), the definitions oi " artificial cream " * Food

and Drugs authority " "premises * and " prepare *\ and subsection (2).

Subsection (5) of section thirty-six.

The Defence (Sale of The whole Regulations, except Food) Regulations, 1943. so far as they extend to

Northern Ireland.

GOO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Municipal Corporations Act, 1882

Interpretation Act, 1889

Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1896

Public Health (Regulations as to Food) Act, 1907

Re-Election of Ministers Act, 1919

Census Act, 1920

Government of Ireland Act, 1920

Sale of Food (Weights and Measures) Act, 1926

Local Government Act, 1933

House of Commons Disqualification (Declaration

of Law) Act, 1935

Public Health Act, 1936

Food and Drugs Act, 1938

Local Government Act, 1948

Patents Act, 1949

Food and Drugs (Milk, Dairies and Artificial

Cream) Act, 1950

Customs and Excise Act, 1952

Local Government (Financial Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1954

Slaughterhouses Act, 1954

Session and Chapter

45 & 46 Vict c. 5a 52 & 53 Vict c. 63.

59 & 60 Vict c. 54.

7 Edw. 7. c. 32.

9 A 10 Geo. 5. c. 2.

10 A 11 Geo. 5. c. 41.

10 A 11 Geo. 5. c. 67. 16 A 17 Geo. 5.C.63. 23 A 24 Geo. 5. c. SI.

25 A 26 Geo. 5. c. 38.

26 Geo. 5. A 1 Edw. 8. c. 49.

1 A 2 Geo. 6. c. 56.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 26. 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6.

c. 87.

14 Geo. 6. c. 35.

15 A 16 Geo. 6. St 1 Eliz.2. c. 44.

2 A 3 Eliz. 2. c. 13.

2 A 3 Eliz. 2. c. 42.

le

Pests Act, 1954

Ch. 68

807

*54

CHAPTER 68

Pests Act, 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Destruction and control of rabbits, etc.

ection

1. Rabbit clearance areas.

2. Extension of power to require or assist in preventive measures.

3. Extension of power to contribute to cost of destruction or preventive

measures.

4. Provisions for facilitating giving of notices.

5. Penalty for obstruction of default powers.

6. Charges for inspection of ships.

7. Expenses and receipts of Ministers.

Part II

Amendment of law as to use of spring traps and as to spreading myxomatosis

8. Restriction on type of trap in England and Wales.

9. Open trapping of hares and rabbits in England and Wales.

0. Amendment of Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, as to spring traps.

1. Amendment of s. 85 (3) of Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948.

12. Spreading of myxomatosis.

Part III Supplementary

13. Construction of references to enactments.

14. Extent.

15. Short title and repeal.

Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to make further provision with respect to the destruction or control of rabbits and other animals and birds, and to the use of spring traps for killing or taking animals.

[25th November, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Destruction and control of rabbits, etc.

1.—(1) The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries may make Rabbit orders (in this Act referred to as " rabbit clearance orders ") clearance designating areas as rabbit clearance areas to be freed, so far arcas-as practicable, of wild rabbits, and providing for or regulating the steps to be taken for that purpose, and may by a subsequent order vary or revoke any such order.

(2) The occupier of any land in a rabbit clearance area shall take such steps as may from time to time be necessary for the

808

Ch. 68

Pests Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Part I

—com.

killing or taking of wild rabbits living on or resorting to the1 land and, where it is not reasonably practicable to destroy the wiki rabbits living on any part of the land, for (he prevention of damage by those rabbits, and shall in particular comply with any directions contained in the rabbit clearance order as to the steps to be so taken or as to the time for taking than.

(3) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section, or in any order thereunder, shall confer on the occupier of land in a rabbit clearance area any additional right to authorise persons to kill rabbits on the land with firearms.

(4) The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries may, on the application of the occupier of any land in a rabbit clearance area, sanction (he authorisation by the occupier of such number of persons as the Minister thinks reasonable to kill rabbits on the land with firearms, in addition to any person so authorised is pursuance of section one of the Ground Game Act, 1880, if the Minister is satisfied—

(a) that the circumstances of the case make necessary a

greater use of firearms than the occupier has the right to authorise;

(b) that the occupier has attempted to obtain the sanction

of the persons having, apart from the said Act, the right to kill and take rabbits on the land; and

(c) that their sanction has been unreasonably withheld; and the provisions of section one of the said Act with regard to the production by persons authorised by the occupier of the documents by which they are so authorised shall apply to any person authorised in pursuance of any such sanction as aforesaid as they apply to persons authorised in pursuance of that section.

(5) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection, persons having the right to kill or take rabbits on any land shall not be treated as having unreasonably withheld the sanction referred to, if, in so far as the use of firearms is required, they are themselves taking or proposing to take adequate steps for the destruction of the wild rabbits on the land.

(6) The making of a rabbit clearance order shall not prevent the giving in relation to land in the rabbit clearance area of notices under section ninety-eight of the Agriculture Act, 1947 (under which the persons having the right to do so may be required to kill, take or destroy animals or birds to which the section applies and the eggs of such birds), and as respects rabbits a notice may be given under that section to (he occupier of any such land, whether or not he has the right apart from the notice to take the steps required by it.

(7) A person who is duly authorised by the occupier of land in a rabbit clearance area to kill or take rabbits on the land for

[954

Pests Act, 1954

Ch. 68

809

the purpose of complying with any requirement imposed on the occupier under or by virtue of this section, and who acts in iccoidance with that authorisation, shall not thereby commit an >ffence under any enactment relating to the unlawful destruction jr pursuit of game.

(8) Any person authorised by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries in that behalf shall have power at all reasonable times lo enter on and inspect any land for the purpose of determining whether, and if so in what manner, the powers conferred by this section are to be exercised in relation to the land, or whether, md if so in what manner, any requirement imposed under this section has been complied with.

(9) Section one hundred and subsections (2) to (7) of section )ne hundred and six of the Agriculture Act, 1947 (which contain supplementary provisions relating to section ninety-eight of that Act and to the exercise of powers of entry conferred by that Act), shall apply in relation to the foregoing provisions of this section as they would apply if those provisions were contained in the said section ninety-eight; and a rabbit clearance order may, as respects rabbits, include any such directions as are authorised by subsection (3) of the said section one hundred (which relates to the keeping or disposal of animals killed or taken under the said section ninety-eight).

(10) Any order under this section shall be published in such manner as the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries thinks fit, and he shall take such steps as he thinks reasonable for the purpose of bringing the purport of it to the notice of persons likely to be affected by it and of enabling them to purchase »pies of it

(11) Before making an order under this section with respect :o any area, the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries—

(a) shall (unless he is satisfied that compliance with this

requirement would be unreasonable in the circumstances of the case) consult such persons as appear to him to be representative of the interests in the area of farmers, owners of agricultural land, and workers employed in agriculture and of the forestry interests, if any, in the area;

(b) shall give notice of the proposal to make the order in

such a manner as he thinks reasonable for the purpose of informing the persons interested in any land in the area.

(12) Any notice under paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subjection shall indicate the nature of any directions proposed to be hcluded in the order with regard to the steps to be taken under it, and shall specify a time (not being less than fourteen days) within which persons interested in any land in the area in

2C*

Part I —cont.

810

Gh.68

Pests Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Part I

—com.

Extension of power to require or assist in preventive measures.

question may make representations in writing to the Minister with respect to the proposals; and any order made in pursuance of the notice may give effect to the proposals either without modifications or with such modifications as appear to the Minister desirable having regard to any representations made to him.

(13) In this section, and in section one hundred and six of the Agriculture Act, 1947, the expression " occupier " shall, in relation to unoccupied land, mean the person entitled to occupy the land.

(14) In the application of this section to Scotland—

(a) for references to the Minister of Agriculture and

Fisheries there shall be substituted references to the Secretary of State;

(b) for references to sections ninety-eight, one hundred and

one hundred and six of the Agriculture Act, 1947, there shall respectively be substituted references to sections thirty-nine, forty-one and eighty-two of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, except that the first reference in subsection (9) of this section to section one hundred of the Agriculture Act, 1947, shall include a reference to section fifty-three, as well as to section forty-one, of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948.

2.—(1) At the end of section ninety-eight of the Agriculture Act, 1947, there shall be added a new subsection (7), as follows:—

" (7) Where it appears to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries expedient for the purpose of preventing damage by rabbits to crops, pasture, trees, hedges, banks or any works on land, he may by notice in writing served on the occupier of any land (or, in the case of unoccupied land, the person entitled to occupy it) require him to take on the land, within the time specified in the notice, such steps as may be so specified to destroy or redupe the breeding places or cover for rabbits or to exclude rabbits therefrom, or to prevent the rabbits living in any place on the land from spreading to or doing damage in any other place; but every such notice shall specify a time within which the occupier or any person interested in the land may submit to the Minister written objections to the notice, and shall be provisional only and of no effect, unless confirmed after the expiration of that time by a further notice in writing served on the occupier of the land; and, where the occupier holds the land under a contract of tenancy, a copy of any notice under this subsection shall be served on any person to whom the occupier pays rent under the tenancy.

1954

Pests Act, 1954

Ch. 68

811

A provisional notice under this subsection may be con- Part I firmed either without modifications or with such modifica- —com. tions as appear to the Minister desirable having regard to any objections submitted to him."; and at the end of section thirty-nine of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, there shall be added a new subsection (5) in the same terms, except that for any reference to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State.

(2) The purposes for which the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries or the Secretary of State may exercise his powers under section one hundred and one of the Agriculture Act, 1947, or section forty-two of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948 (under which he may provide services, equipment, etc. for the purpose of assisting in the destruction of pests), shall include the rendering of assistance in destroying or reducing breeding places or cover for rabbits or in excluding rabbits therefrom, or in preventing the rabbits living in any place from spreading to or doing damage in any other place.

3. —(1) The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries may with Extension the approval of the Treasury make contributions towards theof expenses incurred or to be incurred by any person in killing,

taking or destroying animals or birds to which section ninety- destruction or eight of the Agriculture Act, 1947, applies or the eggs of such preventive teds, in destroying or reducing breeding places or cover for measures, rabbits or in excluding rabbits therefrom, or in preventing the rabbits living in any place from spreading to or doing damage in any other place.

(2) This section shall apply to Scotland with the substitution for the references to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and to section ninety-eight of the Agriculture Act, 1947, of references to the Secretary of State and to section thirty-nine of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948.

4, —(1) The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries or the Secre- Provisions for taiy of State,'for the purpose of enabling him to perform his facilitating functions under section ninety-eight of the Agriculture Act,

1947, or section thirty-nine of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act,

1948, may require any person who is the occupier of any land, or who appears to the Minister or Secretary of State to have an interest in any land, or who directly or indirectly receives rent in respect of any land, to state in writing the nature of his own interest in the land, and the name and address of any other person known to him as having an interest in it, or as having the right to kill on the land any animals or birds to which that section applies.

(2) Any person who, having been required under the foregoing subsection by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries or the

2 C* 2

S12

Ol 68

Pests Act, 1954

2 A3Eiil\

Part 1 —amt.

Penalty for obstruction of default

powers.

Charges for inspection of ships.

Secretary of State to give him any information, foils to graft* information, or knowingly makes any misstatement in ropct of it, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine noteuect ing five pounds.

(3) Subsection (5) of section forty-one of the Agriculture Scotland) Act, 1948 (which provides that notices under section duty nine or forty of the said Act may in certain circumstances be served on die agent or servant of the owner or occupier land), shall have effect as if for the words " control of the fansty of the land " appearing therein there were substituted die words " control of the management or fanning, as the case may be, of the land in question

5. —(1) Subsection (7) of section one hundred and six of the Agriculture Act, 1947 (which makes it an offence to obstruct (be exercise of any power of entry conferred by that Act, but out the exercise, after entry, of the default powers conferral bj section one hunched of the Act), shall be amended by substitute for the words " obstructs any person authorised by the Minute or a smallholdings authority exercising any such power as aiou said " the words " obstructs the exercise of any such power a aforesaid or of any other power conferred by subsection G) i section one hundred of this Act "

(2) Subsection (7) of section eighty-two of the AgricuKac (Scotland) Act, 1948 (which makes it an offence to obstruct & exercise of any power of entry conferred by that Act, but not the exercise, after entry, of the default powers conferred b» section forty-one of the Act), shall be amended by substitute for the words " obstructs any person authorised by the Secretin of State exercising any such power as aforesaid " the words " obstructs the exercise of any such power as aforesaid or any other power conferred by subsection (2) of section forty-oat of this Act "

(3) Subsection (4) of section twenty-two of the Prevention Damage by Pests Act, 1949 (which makes it an offence to obstruct the exercise of the powers of entry conferred by ft* section, but not the exercise, after entry, of the default poitn conferred by sections five, six and sixteen of that Act), shall be amended by substituting for the words "obstructs a pens acting in the exercise of his .powers under this section " the wools 44 obstructs the exercise of powers conferred by this section orb} section five, subsection (1) of section six or subsection (1) of section sixteen of this Act *\

6. An Order in Council under section twenty-three of fte Prevention of Damage by Pests Act, 1949 (which provides fat the application of the Act to vessels or aircraft by Order b Council), may authorise a port health authority or, in Scothod

954

Pests Act, 1954

Ch. 68

813

i local authority within the meaning of the Public Health (Scot- Part I and) Act, 1945, or a port local authority within the meaning of section one hundred and seventy-two of the Public Health (Scot-and) Act, 1897, to make and recover charges for any inspection >f a vessel made by an officer of the authority for the purposes >f any such Order in Council

7.—il) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Par- Expenses and lament any expenses incurred by the Minister of Agriculture receipts of md Fisheries or the Secretary of State by virtue of this Part of Mimstere-his Act

(2) There shall be paid into the Exchequer any sums received yy or on behalf of the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries or he Secretary of State—

(a) under subsection (2) of section one hundred of the Agriculture Act, 1947, or subsection (2) of section forty-one of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, as applied or extended by section one or subsection (1) of section two of this Act; or

(b) under section one hundred and one of the Agriculture Act, 1947, or section forty-two of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948, as extended by subsection (2) of section two of this Act.

Part n

Amendment of law as to use of spring traps and as to

SPREADING MYXOMATOSIS

8.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a person shall Restriction on >e guilty of an offence under this subsection if, after the fw* °* ippointed day. either—

(a) for the purpose of killing or taking animals, he uses, or

knowingly permits the use of, any spring trap other than an approved trap, or uses, or knowingly permits the use of, an approved trap for animals or in circumstances for which it is not approved; or

(b) he sells, or exposes or offers for sale, any spring trap

other than an approved trap with a view to its being used for a purpose which is unlawful under the foregoing paragraph; or

(c) he has any spring trap in his possession for a purpose

which is unlawful under this subsection.

(2) A person guilty of an offence under the foregoing subsec-ion shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceed-ng twenty pounds or, if he has been previously convicted of ;uch an offence, a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3) In subsection <1) of this section any reference to an approved trap refers to a trap of a type and make for the time Deing specified by order of the Minister of Agriculture and

814

Ch. 68

Pests Act, 1954

2 A3EUZ.2

Part II Fisheries as approved by him either generally or subject to coo-ditions as to the animals for which or the circumstances in which it may be used, and any reference to the animals or circumstances for which a trap is approved shall be construed accordingly.

(4) Paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section shall not render unlawful the experimental use of a spring trap under and in accordance with a licence or authority given by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries to enable a trap to be developed or tested with a view to its being approved under the last foregoing subsection.

(5) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to traps of any description specified by order of the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries as being adapted solely for the destruction of rats, mice or other small ground vermin.

(6) The appointed day for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section shall be the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight:

Provided that the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries—

(a) may by order appoint a day earlier than the said thirty-

first day of July (but not earlier than two years after the date of the order); or

(b) if no order has been made under the foregoing paragraph, may from time to time by order postpone the appointed day for a period (or further period) of one year;

but no order shall be made under paragraph (b) of this proviso, unless a draft of it has been laid before Parliament two yean or more before the day for the time being appointed and has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament

(7) Any order under this section (other than an order made under the last foregoing subsection) may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order of the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries.

(8) The power of the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which, in the case of an order made under subsection

(5) or varying or revoking an order so made, shall be subject to annulment by resolution of either House of Parliament

(9) This section applies to England and Wales, but not to Scotland.

Open trapping of hares and rabbits in

RfiyfanH and Wale*.

9.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a person shall be guilty of an offence under this subsection if, for the purpose of killing or taking hares or rabbits, he uses, or knowingly permits the use of, a spring trap elsewhere than in a rabbit hole.

1954

Pests Act, 1954

Ch.

815

(2) A person guilty of an offence under the foregoing sub- Part II

section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not —com.

exceeding twenty pounds or, if he has been previously convicted

of such an offence or of an offence under section five of the Prevention of Damage by Rabbits Act, 1939, a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3) Subsection (1) of this section shall not render unlawful the use of spring traps in such circumstances and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by regulations made by statutory instrument by die Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, or their use under and in accordance with a licence given by him.

(4) A licence under this section—

(a) may be embodied in a rabbit clearance order under this

Act, or in a notice given under section ninety-eight of the Agriculture Act, 1947; and

(b) whether so embodied or not, may be revoked by the Minister (in whole or in part) by giving notice of the revocation in such manner as he thinks sufficient to inform the persons concerned.

(5) This section applies to England and Wales, but not to Scotland.

10. The following sections shall be substituted for section Amendment fifty of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948 (which regulates the ?X^ffSvture use of firearms and spring traps for the purpose of killing hares aSisSs or rabbits) i — as to «p^ng

50.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, shooting, and a person shall be guilty of an offence under this sub-ne of spring section if—

ta*m (a) between the expiration of the first hour after

sunset and the commencement of the last hour before sunrise, he uses a firearm for the purpose of killing hares or rabbits; or

(b) for the purpose of killing or taking animals,

he uses, or knowingly permits the use of, any spring trap other than an approved trap, or uses, or knowingly permits the use of, an approved trap for animals or in circumstances for which it is not approved; or

(c) he sells, or exposes or offers for sale, any

spring trap other than an approved trap with a view to its being used for a purpose which is unlawful under the last foregoing paragraph; or

() he has any spring trap in his possession for a

purpose which is unlawful under this subsection.

816

Ch. 68

Pests Act, 1954

2&3Eul:

Part II —cont.

(2) A person guilty of an offence under die fa* going subsection shall be liable on summary comic, tion to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or. if he has been previously convicted of such an offence, i fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3) In this section any reference to an approx trap refers to a trap of a type and make for fe time being specified by order of the Secretary of Ste as approved by him either generally or subject & conditions as to the animals for which or the arc® stances in which it may be used, and any reforest to the animals or circumstances for which a topi approved shall be construed accordingly.

(4) Subject to the provisions of the next fofiovsg subsection, the Secretary of State may from time & time by order authorise the use, for the purposed killing or taking animals, of spring traps other fia approved traps, and such authority may be granted—

(a) either generally or subject to such conditios as to the animals for which or the dram stances in which such traps may be used a may be specified in the order;

(b) either as respects all land in Scotland, or a respects the land in any county or any pat of a county, or as respects any partinhr land or class of land, as may be a specified;

and paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this sectn shall not render unlawful the use of a spring top under such an authority.

(5) The Secretary of State may,—

(a) if he is satisfied, having regard to the

quantities of approved traps available a reasonable prices and to such other cm siderations as seem to him relevant, that it is expedient to do so, by order withdraw any authority granted under the last foregoing subsection;

(b) when he is satisfied that the power to grait

authorities under the said subsection is u longer necessary, by regulation withdraw all subsisting authorities granted under that subsection;

and after such regulation has been made it shall not be lawful for the Secretary of State, unless fie regulation is revoked under subsection (1) of seetke five of the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, to gnat an authority under the last foregoing subsection.

*54

Pests Act, 1954

Ch. 68

817

(6) Paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section q shall not render unlawful the experimental use of a

spring trap under and in accordance with a licence given by the Secretary of State to enable a trap to be developed or tested with a view to its being approved under subsection (3) of this section.

(7) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to spring traps of any description specified by order of the Secretary of State as being adapted solely for the destruction of rats, mice or other small ground vermin.

(8) The power of the Secretary of State to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which, in the case of an order made under the last foregoing subsection, shall be subject to annulment by resolution of either House of Parliament.

h*®. 50a.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section,

oraand a person shall be guilty of an offence under this sub-

abbits. section if, for the purpose of killing or taking hares

or rabbits, he uses, or knowingly permits the use of, a spring trap elsewhere than in a rabbit hole.

(2) A person guilty of an offence under the foregoing subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or, if he has been previously convicted of such an offence, a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3) Subsection (1) of this section shall not render unlawful the use of spring traps under and in accordance with a licence given by the Secretary of State.

(4) A licence under this section—

(a) may be embodied in a rabbit clearance order under the Pests Act, 1954, or in a notice given under subsection (1) of section thirty-nine of this Act; and

(b) whether so embodied or not, may be revoked by the Secretary of State (in whole or in part) by giving notice of the revocation in such manner as he thinks sufficient to inform the persons concerned."

11. After subsection (3) of section eighty-five of the Agri-culture (Scotland) Act, 1948 (which provides that any power conferred by that Act to make an order shall include a power (sSSand) to revoke or vary the order) there shall be inserted the following Act, 1948. proviso:—

" Provided that in relation to the power of the Secretary of State to make orders under subsection (4) of section fifty of this Act this subsection shall have effect subject to the provisions of subsection (5) of the said section fifty."

818

Ch. 68

Pests Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

Part n —con/.

Spreading of myxomatosis.

Construction of references to enactments.

Extent.

Short title and repeat

Section 15.

12. A person shall be guilty of an offence if he knowingly uses or permits the use of a rabbit infected with myxomatosis to spread the disease among uninfected rabbits and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or. if he has been previously convicted of such an offence, a fine not exceeding fifty pounds:

Provided that this section shall not render unlawful any experiment duly authorised under the Cruelty to Animals Art, 1876.

Part in Supplementary

13. Any reference in this Act to any previous enactment shall, except in so far as the contrary intention appears, be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended, extended or applied by any subsequent enactment, including this Act

14. Nothing in this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

15. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Pests Act, 1954.

(2) The enactments specified in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

43 & 44 Vict The Ground Game Act, c. 47. 1880.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. The Prevention of o, 43. . Damage by Rabbits

Act, 1939.

10 All Geo. 6. The Agriculture Act, c. 48. 1947.

11 A12 Geo. 6. The Agriculture (Scot-

c. 45. land) Act, 1948.

In section six, the words "employ spring traps except in rabbit holes, nor *.

In section five, subsection (1) and in subsection (2) the words " employ spring traps except in rabbit holes, or ".

Subsection (5) of section ninety-eight.

Subsection (4) of section thirty-nine.

coo

954

Pests Act, 1954

Co. 68, 69

819

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Cruelty to Animals Act, 1876 ground Game Act, 1880 Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897 Prevention of Damage by Rabbits Act, 1939 Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1945 Statutory Instruments Act, 1946 Agriculture Act, 1947 Agriculture (Scotland) Act, 1948 Prevention of Damage by Pests Act, 1949 ... 39 & 40 Vict c. 77. 43 & 44 Vict. c. 47. 60 & 61 Vict. c. 38. 2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 43. 9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 15. 9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 36. 10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 48. 11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 45. 12,13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 55.

CHAPTER 69

An Act to continue certain expiring laws.

[25th November, 1954]

VY WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act yy are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire—

(a) as respects those mentioned in Part I of the said Schedule, on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-four; and

(b) as respects those mentioned in Part II of the said Schedule, on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-five:

and whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance, as in this Act mentioned, of those Acts and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Acts mentioned in Part I of the Schedule to this Continuance Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Part, be SJAJ8,*11 continued until the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred Schedule* and fifty-five.

(2) The Acts mentioned in Part II of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Part, be continued until the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-six.

820

Ch. 69

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

Short title and application to Northern Ireland.

Section I.

(3) Any unrepealed enactments which are temporary in their duration shall, in so far as they amend or affect any enactment continued by the foregoing provisions of this Act, be continued in like manner as that enactment whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act or not.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1954.

(2) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland in so far as it deals with any enactment relating to a subject with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has not power to make laws, but, save as hereinbefore provided, shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE

Part I

1 2 3 4

Session and Chapter Short Title How far continued Amending Acts

9 & KKfeo. 5. c. 92. The Aliens Restriction (Amendment) Act, 1919. Section one. —

(2) 24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 30. The Cotton Manufacturing Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1934. Sections one and two. —

(3) 24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 50. The Road Traffic Act, 1934. Section one. 1 Edw. 8 A 1 Geo. 6. c. 5.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 12. 10AllGeo.6. c. 36. The Population (Statistics) Act, 1938. The whole Act 1 A 2 Geo. 6. c. 55. 1 A 2 Efix. 2 c. 37.

The Education (Exemptions) (Scotland) Act, 1947. The whole Act —

(6) 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 25. The Tenancy of Shops (Scotland) Act, 1949. The whole Act —

(7) 14 A15 Geo. 6. c. 15. The Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1951. Section four. —

(8) 1 A 2 Eliz. 2. c.2. The Civil Contingencies Fund i Act, 1952. | Subsection (1) of section one. —

*54

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1954

&*' 69, 70

821

Part II

1 2 3 4

Session and 1 How far Amending

Chapter Short Title continued Acts

(9) & 7 Geo. 6. The Rent of Furnished Houses The whole Act 10 & 11 Geo. 6.

c. 44. Control (Scotland) Act, c. 43.

1943. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 40.

2 A 3 Eliz. Z

(10) > Sl 10 Geo. 6. c. 50.

The Furnished Houses (Rent The whole Act 12, 13 & 14

c. 34. Control) Act, 1946. Geo. 6. c. 40. 2 & 3 Eliz. 2.

c. 53.

(H) [ & 2Eliz. c. 46. The Licensing Act, 1953. Part II. —

CHAPTER 70

Mines and Quarries , 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

General Duties of Mine and Quarry Owners

Section

1. General duties of mine and quarry owners.

Part II

Management and Control (Mines)

Managers and Under-Managers

2. Appointment, and general duties and powers, of mine managers.

3. Rights of mine manager with respect to instructions given by or on

behalf of owner.

4. Qualifications of mine managers.

5. Limitation on number of mines which a person may manage.

6. Under-managers.

7. Temporary appointments during vacancy in office of mine manager or

under-manager.

8. Daily supervision by mine managers and under-managers.

9. Charge of mine when neither manager nor under-manager nor

substitute is present.

10. Duties of mine managers with respect to reading of reports, &c.

Surveyors

11. Surveyors.

SCH. —cont.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Euz.2

Act, 1954

Officials and Technicians

Section

12. Deputies.

13. Other officials, engineers, technicians, Ac.

14. Duty of mine manager to ensure that persons appointed by him

understand their duties.

Provisions ancillary to foregoing Sections

15. Notification to district inspector of appointments by mine owners.

16. Disqualification of contractors and their employees for appointment

as managers, Ac., of mines.

Plans

17. Keeping of plans.

18. Furnishing of documents and information requisite for preparation of

plans.

19. Faulty plans.

20. Transmission to inspector, and preservation, of plans of abandoned or

disused mines, seams and veins.

21. Geological map.

Part III

Safety, Health and Welfare (Mines)

Provisions for securing safe Ingress and Egress

22. Provision of shafts and outlets in coal, Ac., mines.

23. Communications between shafts and outlets in coal, Ac., mines.

24. Limitation on number of persons to be employed at coal, Ac., mines io

places with single exits.

25. Limitation on number of persons to be employed at coal, Ac., mines

in shafts and outlets and their insets.

26. Power to apply foregoing provisions of Part III to other mines.

27. Power of inspector to require provision of additional ways out from

working faces in coal mines.

28. Provision of winding and haulage apparatus.

29. Power to require provision of machinery, Ac., for use in case of failure

of winding or haulage apparatus.

Safety Precautions in connection with , Ac., and Entrances to disused Workings

30. Securing of shafts and staple-pits.

31. Safety precautions with respect to entrances to shafts, staple-pits and

outlets.

32. Prevention of fall of articles down shafts and staple-pits.

33. Safety precautions with respect to entrances to unfit parts of mines.

Roads

34. General provisions with respect to construction and maintenance of

roads.

35. Height and width of travelling roads.

36. Prohibition of use of vehicles and conveyors in roads not affording

free movement.

37. Transport rules.

38. Power to require provision of travelling facilities.

39. Provisions for securing safety of foot-passengers in transport roads.

40. Provision of refuge holes.

41. Safety measures relating to use of vehicles.

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Of. 70

823

Provisions for securing safe Operation of Winding and Rope Haulage Apparatus and Conveyors

Section

42. Charge of winding and rope haulage apparatus when persons are

carried.

43. Charge of winding and rope haulage apparatus when persons are not

carried.

44. Charge of conveyors at working faces.

45. Signalling in shafts and outlets.

46. Signalling in roads.

47. Power to exclude or modify five preceding sections in case of remotely

controlled or automatic apparatus.

Support

48. Duty to secure safety of roads and working places.

49. Systematic support in coal, shale and fireclay mines.

50. Power to require systematic support in other mines.

51. Supply of materials for support.

51 Withdrawal of support.

53. Duties of deputies in relation to support.

54. Provisions as to support rules.

Ventilation

55. Duty to provide adequate ventilation.

56. Avoidance of danger from gas in waste.

57. Power of inspector to require improvement of ventilation.

58. Provisions as to means of ventilation.

59. Prevention of leakage of air between airways.

60. Provision of barometers and other measuring instruments.

Lighting, Lamps and Contraband

61. Lighting.

61 Permitted lights.

63. Safety-lamps and lighting apparatus regulations.

64. Prohibition of taking into mines safety-lamps not provided by owner

or of approved type.

65. Offences relating to safety-lamps.

66. Prohibition of possession of smoking materials in certain mines and

parts of mines.

67. Prohibition of taking into certain mines and parts of mines of articles

producing flames or sparks.

Electricity and Electrical Apparatus

68. Electricity and electrical apparatus.

Blasting Materials and Devices

69. Blasting materials and devices.

Fire Precautions and Provisions as to Rescue

70. Fire precautions in case of workings served by single intake airway.

71. Provisions for introduction of compulsory use of approved brattice

sheeting and conveyor belting.

71 Fire-fighting and rescue operations.

73. Means of escape from rooms in which there is special risk of fire, See.

Dust Precautions

74. Dust precautions.

824

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Elel 2

Precautions against external Dangers to Workings

Section

75. Duty of mine owners and managers to seek evidence of proximity of

disused workings, water-bearing strata, Ac.

76. Duty of mine owners and managers to ascertain thickness of strata

between workings and surface water.

77. General duty to take precautions against inrushes of gas, water, Ac.

78. Powers of inspectors with respect to danger from inrushes of gas,

water, Ac.

Duties of Officials and Workmen in Cases of Danger

79. Withdrawal of workmen in cases of danger.

80. Duty of workmen to deal with, or report, danger.

Machinery and Apparatus

81. Construction, maintenance, Ac., of machinery and apparatus.

82. Fencing of exposed parts of machinery.

83. Restrictions on use below ground of certain engines, Ac.

84. Air, gas and steam containers.

85. Loading of cranes, Ac.

Buildings, Structures, Means of , Ac.

86. Buildings and structures to be kept safe.

87. Safe means of access and safe means of employment.

Training and Discipline

88. Restriction on doing of work by unskilled persons.

89. Penalization of failure to observe safety directions, Ac.

90. Penalization of negligent acts or omissions and unauthorised removal

Ac., of articles.

First aid

91. First aid.

Medical Examinations and Prohibition of Heavy Work

92. Medical examination of young persons.

93. Prohibition of heavy work by women and young persons.

General Welfare Provisions

94. Sanitary conveniences.

95. Measures against vermin and insects.

96. Welfare regulations.

97. Supply of drinking water.

Part IV

Management and Control (Quarries)

98. Appointment of quarry managers.

99. General powers and duties of quarry managers.

100. Power of quarry owner to exclude matters from manager's control.

101. Rights of quarry manager with respect to instructions given by or

on behalf of owner.

102. Temporary appointments during vacancy in office of quarry manager.

103. Supervision by quarry managers.

104. Power to require qualified manager where certain quarrying operations

are carried on.

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

825

Section

105. Duties of quarry managers and owners with respect to reading of

reports. Sue.

106. Officials, Ac.

107. Notification to district inspector of appointments by quarry owners.

Part V

Safety, Health and Welfare (Quarries)

108. Provisions for securing safe methods of working.

109. Safe means of access to working places.

110. Provisions relating to use of ropeways and vehicles.

111. lighting.

112. Dust precautions.

113. Withdrawal of workmen in cases of danger.

114. Miscellaneous provisions for securing safety of persons employed.

115. Application of certain provisions of Part m of this Act.

Part VI

Notification and Investigation of Accidents and Diseases Notification

116. Notification of certain accidents.

117. Power to extend to other dangerous occurrences provisions as to

notification of accidents.

118. Power to apply to diseases provisions as to notification of accidents.

119. Inquest in case of death by accident.

120. Site of accident or other dangerous occurrence to be left undisturbed.

Investigations

121. Power of Minister to require special report on accident or other

dangerous occurrence.

122 Power of Minister to direct public inquiry into accident or other dangerous occurrence.

Part VII

Workmen’s Inspections

123. Inspections of mines and quarries on behalf of workmen employed thereat.

Part VIII

Employment of Women and Young Persons Prohibition of Employment below Ground

124. Prohibition of employment below ground in certain cases.

Hours of Work

125. Provisions as to hours worked by women and young persons.

126. Periods of employment of females and of male young persons under

sixteen.

127. Periods of employment of male young persons over sixteen.

128. Notice fixing periods of employment. Sue.

826 Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries EfJZ.1

1954

Special Exceptions

Section

129. Special temporary exception as respects coal mines in Durham,

Northumberland and Warwick.

130. Special exception for emergencies.

Miscellaneous Provisions

131. Register of women and young persons employed.

132. Supplemental.

Part IX

Records, Returns and Information

133. Form of official books and preservation and inspection of entries

therein.

134. Records of certain appointments.

135. Provision of copies of this Act and other instruments.

136. Posting of notices.

137. Furnishing to workers of information with respect to this Act and

orders and regulations thereunder.

138. Periodical returns by owners.

139. Notification of beginning and ending of certain mining and quarrying

operations.

140. Notification of change of ownership or name of mine or quarry.

Part X Regulations

141. Regulations.

142. Procedure for making regulations.

143. Variation, revocation, &c., of regulations.

Part XI Inspectors

144. Appointment and duties of inspectors.

145. General powers of inspectors.

146. Power of inspector to require remedy for immediate or apprehended

danger.

Part XII

Grant, Cancellation and Suspension of Certificatm

147. Grant of certificates.

148. The Mining Qualifications Board.

149. Qualifications for grant of certificates.

150. Cancellation or suspension of certificates.

Part XIII

Fencing of Abandoned and Disused Mines and of Quarries

151. Fencing of abandoned and disused mines and of quarries.

Part XIV

Offences, Penalties and Legal Proceedings

152. Offences.

153. Accessories.

154. Supplementary provisions as to offences.

155. Penalty for offences for which no express penalty is provided.

954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

827

sctkm

6. Defence available to person charged with offence not committed personally.

7. Persons not to be under liability for contraventions which it was impracticable to avoid or prevent.

58. Special defence available to mine under-managers with limited juris-

diction.

59. Liability of owners for breaches of statutory duty by their servants.

50. Liability of parents for unlawful employment of young persons.

51. Forgery of certificates, false statements, &c.

62. Removal or defacement of notices, &c.

63. Prosecution of offences.

64. Restriction on institution of certain proceedings.

65. Duty to report results of proceedings against persons employed at

mines or quarries.

66. Liability of parents for unlawful employment of children.

67. Application of fines.

Part XV Miscellaneous and General Supplementary Provisions

68. Division of mines.

69. Demarcation of quarries.

70. Provisions as to references upon notices served by inspectors.

71. Provisions as to knowledge by officials, Ac., of Welsh language.

72. Power of Minister and inspectors to grant exemptions for limited

period from commencement of this Act.

73. Revocation and variation of orders and rules.

74. Parliamentary control of orders, rules and regulations.

75. Mode of service of notices under this Act.

76. Provisions as to exemptions, Ac.

77. Fees for testing articles.

78. Expenses and receipts.

79. Application to the Crown.

Interpretation

80. Meaning of " mine " and " quarry ",

81. Meaning of44 owner ".

81 General interpretation provisions.

83. Application of Act to training mines.

Relationship of Factories Acts and this Act in case of certain premises

84. Relationship of Factories Acts and this Act in case of certain premises.

Repeals, Savings, Transitional , Ac.

85. Repeal, in part, of s. 2 of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 31.

86. Repeal of s. 21 of 16 A 17 Geo. 5. c. 28.

87. Application of Part XIV of this Act to enactments relating to check-

weighing and hours of work below ground.

88. Minor and consequential amendments of other enactments.

89. General repeals.

90. Power of Minister to provide for continuance in force of certain

regulations and enactments.

91. General savings.

828

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 & 3Euz.2

General duties of mine and quarry owners.

Section

192. Saving for persons managing certain small mines at

of this Act.

193. Saving for common law rights of workmen, Ac.

194. Commencement.

195. Short title and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Public inquiries into accidents, Ac.

Second Schedule—Procedure for making regulations.

Third Schedule—Inquiries into fitness of holders of certificates aod delivery up and custody of certificates in connection with prosecutions and inquiries.

Fourth Schedule—Minor and consequential amendments of enactments.

Fifth Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to make fresh provision with respect to the management and control of mines and quarries and for securing the safety, health and welfare of persons employed thereat; to regulate the employment thereat of women and young persons; to require the fencing of abandoned and disused mines and of quarries; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[25th November, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

General Duties of Mine and Quarry Owners

1.—(1) It shall be the duty of the owner of every mine and quarry to make such financial and other provision and take such other steps as may be necessary to secure—

(a) that the mine or quarry is managed and worked in

accordance with the provisions in that behalf of fins Act, orders made thereunder and regulations and is so planned and laid out as to enable that purpose to be readily secured; and

(b) that all other provisions of this Act, orders made there-

under and regulations and all requirements imposed

954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

829

under this Act, orders made thereunder and regulations Part I are, so far as applicable to the mine or quarry, duly .

complied with;

ind, in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the bregoing words, to give, to any person appointed by him for the purpose of securing the fulfilment, in relation to the mine or quarry, of statutory responsibilities of his with respect to any natters, written instructions defining the matters with respect to which that person is charged with securing the fulfilment of those responsibilities.

(2) Forthwith after the giving by the owner of a mine or quarry, to a person appointed by him for the purpose aforesaid, if such instructions as aforesaid, the owner shall send a copy if the instructions to the inspector for the district and to the manager of the mine or, as the case may be, the manager of the quarry or (where there is more than one manager thereof) each of them.

Part II

Management and Control (Mines)

Managers and Under-managers

2.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Act, no mine shall be worked unless there is a sole manager of the mine, being an individual duly appointed and having such qualifications (if any) as are required by or by virtue of the said provisions.

Appointment, and general duties and powen, of mine managers.

(2) The manager of a mine shall have the management and control of the mine, exercisable subject to any instructions given to him by or on behalf of the owner thereof, and shall also-—

(a) have the duty of securing the discharge by all others of obligations imposed on them with respect to the mine by or by virtue of the following provisions of this Act; and

(b) have such duties with respect to the appointment of persons to carry out inspections of the mine and to be in charge of, or to supervise or conduct, operations thereat, and such other duties, and such powers, as are imposed or conferred on him by or by virtue of the following provisions of this Act

(3) The manager of a mine shall be appointed by the owner thereof who, if an individual, may appoint himself subject, in the case of a mine whereof die manager is by or by virtue of the following provisions of this Act required to hold qualifications for his office, to the possession by the owner of those qualifications.

830

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act; 1954

2 & 3Euz.2

Part 11 —com. Rights of mine manager with respect to instructions given by or on behalf of owner.

3.—(1) Any instructions given to the manager of a mine by or on behalf of the owner thereof, being instructions affecting the fulfilment, in relation to the mine, by the manager oi statutory responsibilities of his, shall, so far as they are not written, be confirmed in writing by the person by whom they were given forthwith after the making of a request in that behalf by the manager.

(2) Except in a case of emergency, neither the owner of a mine nor a person acting on his behalf shall, except with the consent of the manager of the mine, give, otherwise than through the manager, any instructions to a person employed at the mine who is responsible to the manager; and where the owner of a mine or a person acting on his behalf gives, in either of the said excepted cases, instructions which, apart from die exception, would be required to be given through the manager of the mine, the person who gave the instructions shall, forthwith after be has given them, inform the manager of the substance thereof and, if requested so to do by the manager, confirm them in writing forthwith after the making of the request.

The foregoing provisions of this subsection shall not apply to any instructions given by an under-manager of a mine or a person appointed by the manager of a mine in pursuance of this Act or regulations.

(3) Where, in the case of a mine whereof the manager is by or by virtue of the following provisions of this Act required to hold qualifications for his office, instructions are given by or on behalf of the owner of the mine to the manager of the mine, an under-manager thereof or a person appointed by the manager in pursuance of this Act or regulations, then, if the manager is of opinion that the execution of the instructions would or might be likely to prejudice the safety or health of the persons employed at the mine (or any of them) or to impede him in the discharge, in relation to the mine, of any duty imposed on him by or by virtue of this Act, he may,—

(a) in a case where the instructions are given to him, decline

to execute them until they are confirmed in writing by a person qualified for appointment as manager of the mine who is authorised in writing by the owner of the mine to confirm instructions given as aforesaid;

(b) in any other case, direct that the instructions be not

executed until they are so confirmed by such a person.

The foregoing provisions of this subsection shall not apply to instructions given by an owner of a mine who is an individual or by such a person as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection.

(4) Where, in the case of such a mine as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, instructions are given and confirmed as

)54

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

831

lerein mentioned, the document by which they are confirmed part II

hall be preserved by the manager of the mine, and a copy of —com.

lat document shall be preserved by the owner of the mine, in ach case for three years after the instructions cease to be perative.

4.—(1) No person shall be qualified to be appointed or to Qualificatioos e the manager of a mine of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or of reclay at which more than thirty persons are employed below managcra* round unless he is the holder of a first-class certificate of competency valid with respect to the mine, has attained the age of wenty-six years and satisfies such other conditions (if any) s may be prescribed.

(2) No person shall be qualified to be appointed or to be he manager of a mine of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fire-lay at which more than fourteen but not more than thirty >ersons are employed below ground—

(a) except in a case falling within paragraph (b) of this

subsection, unless he is the holder of a first-class or second-class certificate of competency valid with respect to the mine, has attained the age of twenty-three years and satisfies such other conditions (if any) as may be prescribed;

(b) in a case where there is for the time being in force a

direction, given by an inspector by notice served on the owner of the mine, that this paragraph shall apply to the mine, unless he is the holder of a first-class certificate of competency valid with respect to die mine, has attained the age of twenty-six years and satisfies such other conditions (if any) as may be prescribed:

Provided that an inspector may, by notice served on the owner of any such mine as aforesaid, exempt the mine from he provisions of this subsection.

(3) In the case of a mine of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay at which not more than fourteen persons are employed below ground, an inspector may by nodce served on the owner of the mine direct that this subsection shall apply to the mine and, while the direction remains in force, no person shall be qualified to be appointed or to be the manager of the mine unless he is the holder of a first-class or second-class certifi-:ate of competency valid with respect to the mine, has attained the age of twenty-three years and satisfies such other conditions (if any) as may be prescribed.

(4) Regulations may direct, or empower an inspector to direct, that no person shall be qualified to be appointed or to be the manager of a mine other than of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay unless he satisfies such conditions as may be prescribed.

832

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 &3Euz,2

Part II —coni.

Limitation on number of mines which a person may manage.

Under-

managers.

5. —(1) No person shall, without the approval of an inspector, be manager of more than one mine unless—

(a) the total number of persons employed at all the mines

of which he is manager does not exceed one thousand; and

(b) the surface entrances to all the shafts and outlets for the

time being in use at all such mines lie within a circle whose radius is two miles.

I

(2) Where a person is manager of two or more mines and it appears to an inspector that by reason thereof the fulfilment, in relation to those mines or any of them, by that person of statutory responsibilities of his is prejudiced, the inspector may serve on the owner of each of the mines of which the first-mentioned person is manager a notice directing that the person who is the manager of such of those mines as may be specified in the notice shall not also be the manager of the others or of such of them as may be so specified.

6. —(1) For any mine there may be one or more under-managers and (subject to die following provisions of this section and to the following provisions of this Act) in the case of-

(a) a mine which, by virtue of the foregoing provisions of

this Act, cannot lawfully be worked unless the manager thereof is none other than the holder of a first-class certificate of competency, being a mine whereof the manager is also the manager of another mine; and

(b) a mine (other than one falling within the foregoing paragraph), being a mine with respect to which then is for the time being in force a direction, given by an! inspector by notice served on the owner of the mine, that, on the ground of the size or condition of the mine or the system of working it being such as, in the opinion of the inspector, to render it inexpedient that it should be worked unless there is at least one under-manager, this paragraph shall apply to the mine;

the mine shall not be worked unless there is at least one under-manager.

(2) If an inspector is satisfied with respect to any such mine as is mentioned in paragraph ia) of the foregoing subsection that it is unnecessary to require the appointment of an under-manager for the mine, he may, by notice served on the owner of the mine, direct that so much of that subsection as prohibits the mine's being worked without there being at least one under-manager shall not have effect with respect to the mine.

954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Or. 70

833

(3) The jurisdiction of an under-manager of a mine may be Part II mited to part of the mine, but a mine die working whereof is

nJawful unless there is at least one under-manager shall not be orked unless every part thereof below ground is within the irisdiction of the under-manager or (where there are two or tore under-managers) some one of them.

(4) It shall be the duty of an under-manager of a mine,

> the extent of his jurisdiction thereover, to supervise all opera-ons carried on thereat and, to the best of his ability, to execute od enforce with respect to the mine the provisions of this Act, iders made thereunder and regulations.

(5) No mine of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay being a mine which, by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this let, cannot lawfully be worked unless the manager thereof is one other than the holder of a first-class certificate of com-etency) shall be worked so long as a person is under-manager lereof who does not satisfy the following conditions, namely, lat he is the holder of a first-class or second-class certificate of ompetency valid with respect to the mine, that he has attained be age of twenty-three years and that he satisfies such other onditions (if any) as may be prescribed; and provision may be lade by regulations for requiring that no mine (other than as foresaid) shall be worked so long as a person is under-manager lereof who does not satisfy such conditions as may be rescribed.

(6) An under-manager of a mine shall be appointed by the wner thereof.

7.—(1) Where, by reason of death, resignation or other cause. Temporary

vacancy occurs in the office of manager of a mine, nothing in appointments

iction two of this Act shall prevent the mine being worked at

ay time during a period not exceeding seventy-two days (or such manager

>nger period as an inspector may allow) until the vacancy is or under-

lied, if at that time there is a person appointed by the owner of manager.

le mine to exercise the powers and perform the duties of

anager of the mine during a vacancy in the office, being a

jrson who, at that time, is or could be an under-manager of the

ine without the working of the mine thereby being rendered

llawful by or by virtue of subsection (5) of the last foregoing

ction.

(2) Where, in the case of a mine the working whereof unlawful unless there is at least one under-manager, sole or last surviving under-manager dies, resigns or otherwise ases to hold office, nothing in the last foregoing section shall event the mine being worked at any time during a period n exceeding seventy-two days (or such longer period as an spector may allow) until die vacancy is filled, if at that

2 D

834

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act; 1954

2A3EUL1

Part II time there is a person appointed by the owner of the one t —cont. perform the duties of under-manager thereof in the eveotef i sole or last surviving under-manager ceasing to bold office, be^ a person who at that time either could be an under-oamprof the mine without the working of the mine thereby being rendered unlawful by or by virtue of subsection (5) of the last fortgoi* section or has such other qualifications as may be prescribe: and has within his jurisdiction every part of the mine bdov ground.

(3) A .person appointed by the owner of a mine * mentioned in subsection (1) or (2) of this section shall, so k as regards any period during which he acts in exercise of fa appointment, be treated for the purposes of this Act, orders oak thereunder and regulations in all respects as if he were then* ager of the mine to which die appointment relates or, as thee* may be, an undermanager thereof.

Daily 8.—(1) No mine shall be worked unless daily pc-

supervision by gonal supervision thereover is exercised by the manager that Md<unda^8erS or» during any period during which he is absent on leave or i managers*' prevented from exercising such supervision by sickness or ode cause beyond his control, by a person appointed by theomrf the mine to exercise such supervision during any such period being a person who is or could be an under-manager of them without the working of the mine thereby being rendered unh* ful by or by virtue of subsection (5) of section six of this Act:

Provided that the foregoing provisions of this subsection & not authorise the working of a mine by virtue of fe exercise of daily personal supervision by a person other tb the manager thereof for any period exceeding seventy-two ty (or such longer period as an inspector may allow).

(2) No such mine as is mentioned in paragraph to) or (f>) of subsection (1) of section six of this Act (not being a mine respect to which a direction under subsection (2) of that scctkr. is in force) shall be worked unless daily personal supernal is exercised by each under-manager thereof or, during any period during which he is absent on leave or is prevented froc exercising such supervision by sickness or other cause bey* his control, by a person appointed by the owner of the urine to exercise such supervision during any such period, bee a person who either is or could be an under-manager of then* without the working of the mine thereby being rends* unlawful by or by virtue of subsection (5) of secrix six of this Act or has such other qualifications as maybe prescribed.

(3) A person appointed as mentioned in subsection (1) or 0 of this section shall, so far as regards any period during whii

*54

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

835

ie acts in exercise of his appointment, be treated for the pur- part n

oses of this Act, orders made thereunder and regulations in —cont.

11 respects as if he were the manager of the mine to fhich the appointment relates or, as the case may be, the under-lanager thereof in whose place he is acting, so, however, that othing in the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall be onstrued as divesting the manager or an under-manager of a nine of any power, or relieving him from any duty or liability, onferred or imposed on him by or by virtue of this Act.

9. No mine shall be worked at a time when neither the Charge of mine manager of the mine, nor an under-manager thereof nor a person when neither cting in exercise of an appointment made for the purpose of

tny of the provisions of the two last foregoing sections is present Uor substitute it the mine unless the mine is in the charge of a competent is present. >erson appointed by the manager and having such qualifications if any) as may be prescribed:

Provided that nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section hall prevent the working of a mine at a time when no persons ire employed thereat below ground.

10. It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine, with Duties of mine espeot to each report, record or other item of information

vhich, in pursuance of this Act or regulations, is entered in a of* *

xx)k which by or 'by virtue of this Act is required to be provided reports, Ac.

or that purpose 'by the owner of the mine, either to read it

limself forthwith or to secure that it is read forthwith by some

)ther competent person and that there is promptly brought to his

lotice any matter disclosed by the report, record or other item

>f information which either is of an abnormal or unusual nature

is regards the mine or, not being of such a nature, is of a kind

vhich will or may necessitate the taking of any steps by the

nanager or any other person.

Surveyors

11.—(1) No mine shall be worked unless there is a surveyor Surveyors, or the mine appointed by the owner thereof and having such (ualifications (if any) as may be prescribed:

Provided that where by reason of death, resignation or other ause, a vacancy occurs in the office of surveyor for a mine, the bregoing provisions of this subsection shaft not prevent the vorking of the mine for a period not exceeding twenty-eight lays (or such longer period as an inspector may allow) until the /acancy is filled.

(2) The surveyor for a mine shall have such responsibilities vith respect to the preparation of, and otherwise in relation to, plans and other documents required 'by virtue of the following

2 D 2

v^i

836

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Buz. 2

Part I] provisions of this Act to be kept in relation to the mine, and

—cont. such other responsibilities, as may be imposed on hhn by virtue

of those provisions.

Officials and Technicians Deputies. 12,—(1) Provision may be made by regulations—

(a) for imposing, in relation to a mine, such requirements with respect to the carrying out, by competent persons appointed for the purpose by the manager of the mine and having such qualifications (if any) as may be prescribed, of inspections of the mine as it may appear to the Minister requisite or expedient to impose for the purpose of securing the safety and health of the workmen employed thereat;

(b) for providing that, subject to any exceptions for which

provision may be made by die regulations, the persons appointed to discharge at a mine die duties imposed by virtue of the foregoing paragraph shall have the immediate charge of the workmen employed at the mine and of the operations carried on by them thereat;

(c) for prescribing any duties to be discharged by the persons

so appointed in addition to those imposed on them by virtue of the foregoing paragraphs or by or by virtue of any of the following provisions of this Act, and for requiring that, subject to any exceptions for which provision may be made by the regulations, those persoos shall devote the whole of their time to the discharge of the duties prescribed by virtue of this paragraph or imposed as aforesaid; and)

() for requiring or authorising the delimitation in a mine

of districts for the purpose of the discharge by the persons so appointed of their duties, for requiring that where, in a mine, districts are delimited for that purpose no one of those persons shall have charge of more than one district and for relating to each district the duties of the person in charge of it;

and it shall be the duty of the manager of a mine in relation to which requirements are imposed by virtue of paragraph (a) of this subsection to secure that the number of persons appointed for the purpose of fulfilling those requirements is sufficient to secure the efficient discharge of the duties imposed on those persons.

(2) Regulations having effect by virtue of the foregoing sub section shall be so framed as, in die opinion of the Minister, to secure that, in the discharge, by persons appointed for the purpose of fulfilling, in relation to a mine, requirements imposed

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

837

by virtue of paragraph (a) of that subsection, of duties prescribed Part II by virtue of the other provisions of that subsection, those persons —com. shall give preference to the securing of the safety and health of the workmen employed at the mine over the securing of any other matter.

13. —(1) It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine Other officials, to appoint (in addition to any persons appointed by him in pur-

suance of, or of regulations having effect by virtue of, any pro- ans* vision of this Act other than this subsection) such number of officials, engineers and technicians and other competent persons (if any) as is sufficient (taking into account activities in that behalf which are undertaken in person by the manager of the mine, by any under-manager thereof and by any persons appointed as aforesaid) to secure—

(a) the adequate inspection of the mine and the equipment thereof;

lb) the thorough supervision of all operations at the mine; and

the carrying on of the undertaking of the mine in conformity with the provisions of this Act, orders made thereunder and regulations.

(2) Regulations may require the manager of a mine to appoint, for the purpose of supervising, inspecting or conducting at, or in relation to, the mine, such operations or matters as may be prescribed, such officials, engineers or technicians or other competent persons as may be prescribed, and regulations made by virtue of this subsection may prescribe die qualifications to be held and the duties to be discharged by the persons thereby required to be appointed.

14. It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine Duty of mine to ensure to the best of his ability -that every person manager to appointed by him in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of

this Act or regulations having effect by virtue of any of those appointed by provisions understands the nature and scope of any duties him under-which fall to be performed by that person, being either duties stand their imposed by or by virtue of this Act or duties whose performance duties* is undertaken for the purpose of attaining any of the objects mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (1) of the last foregoing section.

Provisions ancillary to foregoing Sections

15. Forthwith after the appointment by the owner of a Notification

mine of a person to be the manager or an undernmanager of the f

mine, to exercise die powers and perform the duties of manager ^inumrats of the mine during a vacancy in the office, to perform the duties by mine

of under-manager of the mine in the event of a sole or last owners, surviving under-manager ceasing to hold office, to exercise daily

838

Part II

—cont.

Disqualification contractors and their employees for appointment as managers. See., of mines.

Keeping of plans.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 A 3Eul>

Act, 1954

personal supervision during a period during which the manga or an under-manager is absent or unable to exercise sad supervision, or to be the surveyor for the mine, the owner dai give to the inspector for the district notice, in such form * may be specified by the Minister, of the making of fire appei* ment and of the name and address of the person appooy and giving such particulars with respect to his qualifications may be so specified.

16. —(1) Where a mine or any part thereof is worked, or uy operations in a mine are carried on, by a contractor, and i person is by or by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this to required to hold qualifications for appointment to any ofitt in the mine mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, ndtk the contractor nor a person employed by him shall be capeth of being appointed to that office notwithstanding that, apet from this section, he is qualified for appointment thereto.

(2) The offices referred to in the foregoing subsectione those of manager of the mine, under-manager thereof and tk office to which duties imposed by virtue of subsection (1) tf ! section twelve of this Act are attached.

Plans

17. —(1) Provision may be made by regulations for requinng that, in the case of every mine, the manager thereof shall key at die office at the mine or at such other place as may bt approved by an inspector—

(a) accurate plans of—

(i) all the workings in the mine (whefc abandoned or not) or such of them as may k prescribed; and

(ii) all other workings (whether abandoned ar not) within the boundaries of the mine or witto the prescribed distance outside any boundary of tk mine (measured from any point on the boundan in a straight line on any plane) or such of th» workings as may be prescribed;

(b) accurate sections of the seams or veins for the tin being worked in the mine and of all the stran overlying them; being plans or, as the case may be, sections complying with such requirements as are imposed by or by virtue of the mg following subsection; and regulations made by virtue of lb subsection may require the keeping of separate plans for different seams or veins or for the purpose of showing the system of ventilation in the workings or any other prescribed matter and require that plans be so kept as at any time to disclose Ik extent of workings delineated thereon both up to a day sol

954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

839

artier than such previous day as may be prescribed and up to

distance from their position at that time not greater than uch as may be prescribed.

(2) Plans and sections required to be kept by virtue of the oregoing subsection shall be of durable material and be prepared in such form and manner as may be specified by rules nade by the Minister and on a scale not less than such as may be o specified, and any such plans (other than any whereof the main purpose is to show matters other than the extent of workings) hall show the position, in relation to objects on the surface, of he workings delineated on the plans and record such informa-ion as may be so specified with respect to orientation, contours, x>undaries, faults, workings other than those delineated on the >lans and any such other matters (whether similar to the matters aforesaid or not) as may be so specified.

(3) If, in the case of any mine, it appears to an inspector that my information which, by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section, is required to be recorded on a plan required to be cept by the manager of the mine cannot be recorded thereon fully and clearly, he may serve on the manager of the mine a notice requiring him to keep at the office at the mine or at such ather place as may be approved by an inspector such supplementary plan or drawing specified in the notice as appears to the inspector by whom the notice is served to be requisite for the purpose of recording that information fully and clearly.

(4) Regulations may provide—

(a) for requiring that plans, sections and drawings which by

virtue of tins section are required to be kept in the case of a mine, or any prescribed class thereof, shall be prepared by, or under the supervision of, the surveyor for the mine;

(b) for requiring, with respect to any such plan, section or

drawing as aforesaid which has not been prepared by the surveyor for the mine, that the surveyor or such other person as may be prescribed shall take the prescribed steps for ensuring the accuracy thereof;

(c) for imposing upon the surveyor for a mine such duties

as may be prescribed with respect to—

(i) the preservation and production of any prescribed documents, being documents prepared for the purpose of, or in connection with, the preparation or checking of any of the plans, sections and drawings which by virtue of this section are required to be kept in the case of the mine; and

(ii) the recording of the identity of the person who prepared any such document

Part II

—cont.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Euz.2

Act, 1954

18.—(1) It shall be the duty both of the owner and of the manager of every mine, whether requested so to do or not, to Furnishing of furnish to the surveyor for the mine all such plans, sections, documents and drawings and other documents and information in the possession requisite for or under the control of the owner or manager as may be preparation requisite for the purpose of the preparation of any plan,

of plans. section or drawing which, by virtue of the last foregoing

section, is required to be kept in the case of that mine and to accord to the surveyor all such facilities as may be requisite for that purpose; and, in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this subsection, it shall be the duty of the manager of every mine, forthwith after it is determined to cease to maintain a working therein in an accessible condition, to give to the surveyor for the mine notice of that fact, specifying the working in question.

(2) Each of the following persons, namely, the owner of a mine and the manager thereof, shall, if requested so to do by the owner of another mine, furnish to the owner of that other mine or the surveyor therefor any information in the possession of the person to whom the request is made, and permit the owner of that other mine or the surveyor therefor to inspect and take copies of, or extracts from, any plans, sections, drawings or other documents in the possession or under the control of the said person, being information or, as the case may be, documents requisite for the purpose of the preparation of any plan, section or drawing which, by virtue of the last foregoing section, is required to be kept in the case of that other mine.

Faulty plans. 19.—(1) If, in the case of any mine, the Minister is satisfied,

upon a representation made to him by an inspector, that a plan, section or drawing which by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this Act is kept by the manager of that mine is inaccurate, incomplete, dilapidated or wholly or partly indecipherable and that, in the interests of safety, it is desirable for a new plan, section or drawing to be made, he may appoint a surveyor to make a new plan, section or drawing.

(2) The following provisions shall have effect where a surveyor is appointed under the foregoing subsection to make a new plan, section or drawing in the case of a mine:—

(a) the owner and the manager of the mine shall afford to the surveyor all necessary facilities and information for the purpose of making the new plan, section or drawing;

(b) on the completion of the new plan, section or drawing, it shall be sent to the manager of the mine; and

(c) the cost of making the new plan, section or drawing, or such part of that cost as the Minister thinks fit, shall be recoverable by him from the owner of the mine.

840

Part II

— an

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

841

26.—(1) Provision may be made by regulations—

(a) for requiring that—

(i) in the event of the abandonment of a mine or of the expiration of the period of twelve months from the time at which a mine was last worked for the purpose of getting minerals or products of minerals, the person who is the owner of the mine at the time of the happening of that event shall, within the prescribed period thereafter, send to the inspector for the district such plans of the workings in the mine at that time (being plans complying with such requirements as are imposed by or by virtue of the next following subsection), and such drawings supplementary to the plans, as may be prescribed and such sections of the seams or veins worked in the mine and of the strata overlying diem (being sections complying with such requirements as aforesaid) as may be prescribed;

(ii) in the event of the abandonment of a seam or vein in a mine or the expiration of the period of twelve months from the time at which a seam or vein in a mine was last worked for the purpose of getting minerals or products of minerals, the person who is the owner of the mine at the time of the happening of that event shall, within the prescribed period thereafter, send to the inspector for the district such plans of the workings in that seam or vein at that time (being plans complying with such requirements as are imposed by or by virtue of the next following subsection), and such drawings supplementary to the plans, as may be prescribed and such sections of that seam or vein and of the strata over-lying it (being sections complying with such requirements as aforesaid) as may be prescribed;

(b) for imposing, with respect to plans, drawings and sections sent to an inspector in pursuance of such provisions of the regulations as have effect by virtue of the foregoing paragraph, such requirements (whether with respect to the persons by whom they are to be prepared, the giving of certificates with respect thereto or otherwise) as it may appear to the Minister requisite or expedient to impose for the purpose of ensuring the accuracy thereof.

(2) Plans and sections required, by virtue of provisions of egulations having effect by virtue of the foregoing subsection, to e sent to an inspector shall be of durable material and be pre-tared in such form and manner as may be specified by rules uade by the Minister and on a scale not less than such as may

2D*

Part II —cont. Transmission to inspector, and

preservation, of plans of abandoned or disused mines, seams and veins.

(^ooQl<e

842

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

Part n be so specified, and any such plans shall show the position, in —tout. relation to objects on the surface, of the workings delineated on the plans and record such information as may be so specified with respect to orientation, contours, boundaries, faults, workings other than those delineated on the plans and any such other matters (whether similar to the matters aforesaid or not) as may be so specified.

(3) If the Minister is satisfied, on the representation of an inspector,—

(a) that there has occurred, in the case of a mine, a contra-

vention of provisions of regulations having effect by virtue of sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section consisting of a failure to send a plan, drawing or section to an inspector within the period limited by those provisions or that, in the case of a mine, a plan, drawing or section sent to an inspector in pursuance of those provisions is inaccurate, incomplete, dilapidated or wholly or partly indecipherable; and

(b) that, in the interests of safety, it is desirable for a new

plan, drawing or section to be made;

the Minister may, within six months from the expiration of that period, appoint a surveyor to make a new plan, drawing or section, and the cost of making the new plan, drawing or section, or such part of that cost as the Minister thinks fit, shall be recoverable by him from the person who was the owner of the mine at the time of the happening of the event in consequence of the happening of which the said provisions fell to be complied with.

(4) Subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, plans, drawings and sections sent to an inspector in pursuance of the said provisions or made by a surveyor appointed under the last foregoing subsection shall be presaved by the Minister or by some other person under arrangements made or approved by the Minister.

(5) Where, at the time at which the working of a mine or a seam or vein therein is resumed, any plans, drawings or sections relating thereto are, by virtue of the last foregoing subsection, preserved by the Minister or by some other person (not being the owner of the mine), the owner shall, on giving not less than fourteen days notice to the person by whom the plans, drawings or sections are preserved and (where that person is not the Minister) to the Minister, be entitled, to have delivered to him the plans, drawings or sections subject to affording to the Minister, if required so to do before the expiration of the notice, a reasonable opportunity of making copies of the plans, drawings or sections or of such part thereof as the Minister thinks fit

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

843

21. Regulations may require the manager of every mine Part II to keep at the office at the mine or at such other place as may —com. be approved by an inspector a geological map of the district Geological in which the mine is situate, being a map conforming to such maP* requirements (if any) as may be prescribed.

Part III

Safety, Health and Welfare (Mines)

Provisions for securing safe Ingress and Egress

22.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, it shall not 1*°™*® be lawful for any persons to be employed below ground in aouttashi^L mine of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay unless there mines/^ are available, for affording to them alternative, and ready, means of ingress and egress, two shafts or outlets (whether belonging exclusively to that mine or not) which, except where they were gunk before the first day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, are at no point separated from each other by less than forty-five feet or (where the sinking thereof began before the first day of January, eighteen hundred and eighty-eight) ten feet.

(2) Where the employment of persons in an area consisting of the whole or any part of a mine below ground would, apart horn the following provisions of this subsection be, by virtue of the foregoing subsection, unlawful in consequence of a shaft or outlet having, as a result of an accident or breakdown, become unavailable for affording to persons employed in that area ready means of ingress and egress, but the manager of the mine is satisfied with respect to that area or any part thereof that persons employed in that area or, as the case may be, that part thereof will not for the time being be exposed to undue risk by reason of that shaft or outlet being unavailable as aforesaid, then if he—

(a) posts in a conspicuous position at the mine a notice

specifying the accident or breakdown and the said area and stating that he is satisfied as aforesaid with respect to that area or, as the case may be, that part thereof and the reason why he is so satisfied; and

(b) sends, by the quickest means available, to the inspector for ffie district and the person, if any, for the time being nominated under the provisions of this Act relating to ffie notification of accidents to receive on behalf of the persons employed at ffie mine notices under ffie said provisions, a message to ffie like effect as ffie notice mentioned in ffie foregoing paragraph;

there shall be excepted from ffie operation of ffie foregoing subsection—

(i) the employment in that area or, as ffie case may be, that part thereof, until the end of his period of work, of

2 D* 2

844

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

any person who was below ground in the mine at the time of the accident or breakdown;

<li) the employment in that area or, as the case may be, that part thereof, until the expiration of the period of twenty-four hours beginning with the time at which the accident or breakdown occurred, of any person in work necessary for securing the safety of the mine or the welfare of animals employed therein or rendering that shaft or outlet again available for the purpose for which it was available immediately before the accident or breakdown:

Provided that nothing in paragraph (i) or (ii) of this subsection shall authorise the employment of any person at any time after the receipt by the manager of the mine of notification from an inspector that, in his opinion, that .person should be withdrawn from the area or part of the area in question.

(3) The Minister or an inspector, upon an application in that behalf made to him with respect to a mine, may, by notice served on the manager of the mine, exempt from the operation of subsection (1) of this section the employment of persons below ground in the mine or in such part of the mine below ground as may be specified in the notice:

Provided that no exemption shall be granted under this subsection by the Minister or an inspector unless the Minister or the inspector, as the case may be, is satisfied that no persons employed in the mine will be exposed to undue risk in consequence of the granting of the exemption.

(4) Regulations made with respect to a particular mine of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay may provide that the employment below ground in the mine, in accordance with such conditions as may be prescribed, of such number of persons (not exceeding thirty) as may be prescribed, being persons to whom only one shaft or outlet is available for affording to j them means of ingress and egress shall be excepted from die operation of subsection (1) of this section.

(5) In any claim against the owner or manager of a mine for damages, being a claim arising out of an aocident caused by a decision of the manager made for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section, the defendant shall, unless he proves that the manager was not negligent in making that decision, be liable in all respects as if the plaintiff had proved that the manager was negligent in making that decision.

(6) For the purposes of this section a shaft or unwalkable outlet at a mine provided with apparatus for carrying persons through the shaft or outlet shall be deemed not to be available to a person employed below ground in the mine for affording to him means of ingress and egress if that apparatus is not available for use by him.

Part in

— com.

954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

845

(7) In the application of this section to Scotland, for references Part ill o a plaintiff and a defendant there shall respectively be sub-

itituted references to a pursuer and a defender.

(8) Nothing in this section shall apply to the employment of [)ersons in a shaft or outlet or in the insets of a shaft or outlet.

23.—(1) So long as, in a mine of coal, stratified ironstone, Conmmnica-hale or fireclay, more than one shaft or outlet is available to any tic^between persons employed below ground in the mine for affording to outlets" them means of ingress and egress, there shall be provided and &c., mines, maintained between—

(a) each entrance to each shaft or outlet that is available

to those persons for that purpose, being an entrance whereby those persons gain access to the shaft or outlet from the workings; and

(b) some point or points on another shaft or outlet so avail-

able;

a communication following a reasonably short and reasonably convenient route.

(2) The height of every communication provided in pursuance of the foregoing subsection shall be maintained throughout at not less than five feet and the width of every such communication shall be maintained throughout at not less than four feet:

Provided that—

(a) if the Minister is satisfied that, owing to special circum-

stances affecting mines of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay of any class, it is inadvisable for reasons of safety or unnecessary, in the case of the communications provided as aforesaid therein or any class of those communications, for the minimum height or width, or height and width, thereof to be as great as provided by the foregoing provisions of this subsection, regulations may provide that those provisions shall have effect, in their application to those communications or that class thereof, with the substitution, for the minimum specified in the said .provisions in relation to height, that so specified in relation to width or both of those minima, as the case may be, of such less minimum or minima as may be prescribed; and

(b) if an inspector is satisfied that, owing to special circum-

stances affecting a particular mine of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay, it is inadvisable for reasons of safety or unnecessary, in the case of all or any of the communications provided as aforesaid therein, for the minimum height or width, or height and width, thereof to be as great as provided by the foregoing provisions of this subsection, he may, by notice served on the

846

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Part III

—corn.

Limitation on number of persons to be employed at coal, Ac., mines in places with single exits.

manager of the mine, direct that those provisions shall have effect in their application to those communications or to such of them as may be specified in the notice, with the substitution, for the minimum specified in the said provisions in relation to height, that so specified in relation to width or both of those minima, as the case may be, of such less minimum or minima as may be specified in the notice.

24,—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, it shall not be lawful for more than nine persons to be employed at any time below ground in a mine of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay in a place from which there are not two ways each of which—

(a) leads to a different shaft or outlet, being a shaft or outlet

provided for affording to persons employed at that place means of ingress and egress;

(b) is entirely separate from the other;

(c) is traversable with safety and reasonable convenience;

() at each junction thereof with another way has clearly

marked on it the shaft or outlet to which it leads; and

(e) if it is so prescribed, is of a height or width, or bright

and width, not less than such as may be prescribed; or for more than nine persons in the aggregate to be so employed in two or more such places from none of which can egress to the surface be had otherwise than by traversing a common junction.

(2) As respects a particular mine of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay, provision may be made by regulations or by a notice served by die Minister or an inspector on the manager of the mine—

(a) for exempting the mine or any specified place therein from all or any of the requirements of the foregoing subsection;

(b) for directing that the foregoing subsection shall, in its application to the mine or to any specified place therein, have effect with the substitution, for references to nine persons, of references to such greater number of persons (not exceeding thirty) as may be specified in the regulations or notice:

Provided that no such provision as aforesaid shall be made with respect to a mine by the Minister or an inspector unless the Minister or the inspector, as the case may be, is satisfied that no persons employed in die mine will be exposed to undue risk or inconvenience in consequence of the making of such provision.

(3) Nothing in this section shall apply to the employment of persons in a shaft or outlet.

954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

847

25. —(1) It shall not be lawful for a number of persons greater Part III

ban the permitted number to be employed at any time at a —cant.

nine of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay in a shaft or Limitation on Hitlet: number of

Provided that, in relation to an outlet (not being an unwalkable Smp?o^daT mtlet), this subsection shall not apply to any part thereof lying coal, Ac., x tween the surface entrance thereto and any point therein from mines in shafts which a communication leads to another outlet or to a shaft, Jjgjj ogjj*and jeing an outlet or shaft available to persons employed in the uieirilMet8-aid part for affording to them means of ingress and egress.

(2) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the permitted number, in relation to a shaft or outlet, shall be twenty or such greater number (not exceeding thirty) as may be determined by an inspector by notice served on the manager of the mine; ib) the insets of a shaft or outlet shall be deemed to form part of the shaft or outlet; and

(c) subsection (6) of section twenty-two of this Act shall apply as it applies for the purposes of that section.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be construed as prejudicing the operation of the last foregoing section in relation to the employment of persons in individual insets of a shaft or outlet.

26. Regulations may provide that the foregoing provisions of Power to apply

this Part of this Act shall (subject to such exceptions, adaptations fore8°?Ilg and modifications, if any, as may be prescribed) apply to mines pJrtfflto other than of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay. other mines.

27. —(1) If an inspector is of opinion, with respect to a work- Power of ing face in a mine of coal, that in the interests of safety it is map®0*?* necessary or expedient to provide thereat a greater number of pJoSfaJfof ways out therefrom, he may serve on the manager of the aHH.Hrmni mine a notice specifying that face and stating that he is of ways out opinion as aforesaid with respect thereto and directing that, fro® working after the expiration of such period beginning with the day on

which the notice becomes operative as may be specified therein, die face shall not be worked unless there are provided thereat such additional roads affording means of egress therefrom as may be specified in the notice, being roads leading to such places as may be so specified.

(2) The provisions of Part XV of this Act with respect to references upon notices served by inspectors shall apply to a notice served under the foregoing subsection.

28. —(1) Every shaft and unwalkable outlet for the time Provision being provided at a mine of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or of ThauE* fireclay for affording to persons employed below ground therein

848

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 4b 3Elil1

Part III means of ingress and egress shall be provided with

—cont. for carrying persons between the top of the shaft t* *

entrances therefrom to the workings and between those ecbm themselves or, as the case may be, for carrying persons betass the surface entrance to the outlet and the entrances tbocfog to the workings and between those entrances themselves, be* apparatus which complies with such requirements (if any) i regulations as it appears to the Minister requisite or expert* to impose for securing the safety of persons when being carnet by means thereof and whose use is confined to the shaft <* outlet, save where an inspector in any particular case, by note served on the manager of the mine, consents to its use u being so confined.

(2) Every shaft and unwalkable outlet for the time bp provided at a mine other than of coal, stratified ironstone, & or fireclay for affording to persons employed below grog therein means of ingress and egress, being a shaft or outlet in fe case of which the relevant distance exceeds one hundred* fifty feet, shall be provided with apparatus for carrying penoe between the top of the shaft and the entrances therefrom iota workings and between those entrances themselves or, as ik case may be, for carrying persons between the surface eotnas to the outlet and the entrances therefrom to the workings * between those entrances themselves, being apparatus vbd complies with such requirements (if any) of regulations as i appears to the Minister requisite or expedient to impose h securing the safety of persons when being carried by mea thereof, and whose use is confined to the shaft or outlet src where an inspector in any particular case, by notice served on 6* manager of the mine, consents to its use not being so confined:

Provided that an inspector may by notice served on tie manager of any such mine as is mentioned in the fonegoia provisions of this subsection exempt from those provisions i shaft or outlet provided at that mine.

For the purposes of this subsection the expression "rdevn distance " means, in the case of a shaft, file distance betas the top of the shaft and the bottom of the lowest entrance talk shaft provided for affording to persons access to the shaft aat in the case of an outlet, the distance between the point at wto the outlet reaches the surface and the underground eottuot provided for affording to persons access to the outlet which s furthest from that point.

(3) All apparatus provided in pursuance of this section sinS be properly maintained and, when not in use, kept constant available for use.

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

849

29* Regulations may impose upon owners of mines such Part m requirements with respect to the provision and maintenance of —cant, the prescribed machinery, apparatus and parts of machinery or Power to apparatus for the purpose of their being available for use in the event of apparatus provided at mines for carrying persons employed thereat through shafts or outlets thereat failing to &c7foruse function as it may appear to the Minister requisite or expedient in case of to impose for the purpose of securing the safety of such persons, failure of

winding or haulage

Safety Precautions in connection with Shafts, dec., and Entrances apparatus* to disused Workings

30. —(1) Every mine shaft and staple-pit shall, save in so far Securing of as the natural conditions of the strata through which it passes

raider it unnecessary (either as to the whole or as to any part stapl0‘pitt* thereof) so to make it, be made secure, and shall be kept secure:

Provided that in any prosecution for a contravention of this subsection with respect to a shaft or staple-pit, it shall be a defence to prove that at die time of the alleged contravention no insecure part of that shaft or staple-pit was in use or was the site of any operations in progress by way of driving or extending the shaft or staple-pit

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall apply to unwalkable outlets at a mine as it applies to mine shafts.

31. —(1) The surface entrance to every mine shaft and every Safety other entrance thereto (whether above or below ground), and P^p8^10118 every entrance to every staple-pit, shall be provided with an efficient enclosure or barrier so designed and constructed as to |0 8hafts> prevent any person from accidentally falling down the shaft or staple-pits staple-pit or accidentally coming into contact with a moving part and outlets, of any winding apparatus with which the shaft or staple-pit is provided.

(2) Every enclosure or barrier provided in pursuance of the foregoing subsection shall be properly maintained and, where an enclosure or barrier so provided or any part thereof is removable or openable, the enclosure, barrier or part shall be kept securely in position or, as the case may be, securely closed save in so far as its removal or opening is necessary for the purpose of the use of the shaft or staple-pit in connection with which it is provided, the doing of work in the shaft or staple-pit or the inspection of, or of anything in, the shaft or staple-pit.

(3) Provision may be made by regulations for requiring such steps as may be prescribed to be taken for the purpose of preventing persons from accidentally entering outlets at mines or from accidentally coming into contact with moving parts of any apparatus therein.

850

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 A 3 ft jy i

Part III —cont.

Prevention of fall of articles down shafts and staple-pits.

Safety precautions with respect to entrances to unfit parts of mines.

General provisions with respect to construction and maintenance of roads.

(4) For the purposes of this section so much of any superstructure provided at the top of a shaft as forms an extension thereof shall be deemed to form part of the shaft

(5) This section shall not apply to a shaft or outlet of, or staple-pit in, an abandoned mine or a mine which has not been worked for a period of twelve months, but save as aforesaid, shall apply as well to shafts, outlets and staple-pits which are not in use as to shafts, outlets and staple-pits which are in use.

32. —(1) Provision may be made by regulations for requiring such steps as may be prescribed to be taken at mines for the purpose of preventing persons from being injured by the accidental fall of articles down shafts or staple-pits thereat.

(2) Subsection (4) of the last foregoing section shall apply for the purposes of this section as it applies for the purposes of that section.

33. —(1) Every entrance from a road in a mine to a part of the mine which for the time being is not maintained in a state fit for persons to work in or pass through shall be provided with an efficient enclosure or barrier so designed and constructed as to prevent any person from accidentally entering that part of the mine.

(2) Every enclosure or barrier provided in a mine in pursuance of the foregoing subsection shall be properly maintained and, where an enclosure or barrier so provided or any part thereof is removable or openable, the enclosure, barrier or part shall be kept securely in position or, as the case may be, securely closed save in so far as its removal or opening is authorised by the manager of the mine, an under-manager thereof or the person for the time being in charge of the part of the mine in which k is provided.

Roads

34. —(1) It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine to take, with respect to every length of road therein, being a length in which vehicles or conveyors run or which is used at the beginning or end of a shift by not less than ten persons for the purpose of walking to or from their working places in the mine, such steps as may be necessary to secure that the following provisions are complied with, namely,—

(a) every such length of road made after the commencement of this Act shall be so made and maintained as to avoid sudden changes of direction, height, width and gradient save in so far as either—

(i) the system of working the mine or die natural conditions of the strata therein render it inadvkable for reasons of safety to do so; or

(ii) it is unnecessary to do so;

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

851

(b) every such length of road (whether made before or after Part ill the commencement of this Act) shall be kept free from —cont. obstructions and the floor thereof shall be kept in good repair and in such a condition that any persons or animals who use that length of road can tread it with safety and reasonable convenience.

12) If, with respect to any such length of road as aforesaid in a mine (being a length made before the commencement of this Act) an inspector is of opinion that any sudden change therein of direction, height, width or gradient ought to be eliminated, he may serve on the manager of the mine a notice specifying that length of road and any such sudden change as aforesaid which he thinks ought to be eliminated and requiring the manager to execute, before the expiration of such period beginning with the date on which the notice becomes operative as may be specified therein, such works to that length of road as will eliminate that sudden change.

The provisions of Part XV of this Act with respect to references upon notices served by inspectors shall apply to a notice served under this subsection.

(3) References in this section to changes of gradient shall be construed as including references to deviations (whether upwards or downwards) from the horizontal.

35.—(1) Every length of road in a mine which is used at the Hajgh* beginning or end of a shift by not less than ten persons for the ™2i£L purpose of walking to or from their working places in the mine, roads!^ being a length made after the commencement of this Act, shall be not less than five feet six inches high throughout :

Provided that—

(a) provision may be made by regulations for exempting from the foregoing provisions of this subsection any such lengths of road as aforesaid of a prescribed class in mines to which the regulations apply, or any prescribed parts of any such lengths of road in such mines or of any such lengths of road of a prescribed class in such mines; and 16) an inspector may, by notice served on the manager of a particular mine, exempt from those provisions any such length of road as aforesaid in that mine or any part of any such length of road.

(2) If, with respect to a length of road in a mine which is used as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, being a length made before the commencement of this Act which is not throughout of a height of at least five feet six inches, an inspector is of opinion that it is inexpedient that it should continue to be so used unless it is heightened, he may serve on the manager of the mine a notice specifying that length of road and the height (not

852

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Part III

—com.

Prohibition of use of vehicles and conveyors in roads not affording free movement

being more than five feet six inches) to which, in his opinion* it ought to be increased if it is to continue to be so used (hereinafter referred to as " the specified height "), and directing that, after the expiration of such period beginning with the day on which the notice becomes operative as may be specified therein, every part of that length of road which is so used shall be throughout (except at such places, if any, therein as may be specified in the notice) of a height not less than the specified height.

(3) If, with respect to a length of road in a mine (whether made in whole or in part either before or after the commencement of this Act), being a length which is used as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, an inspector is of opinion that it is inexpedient that it should continue to be so used unless it is widened, he may serve on the manager of the mine a notice specifying that length of road and the width to which, in his opinion, it ought to be increased if it is to continue to be so used (hereinafter referred to as " the specified width ") and directing that, after the expiration of such period beginning with the day on which the notice becomes operative as may be specified therein, every part of that length of road which is so used shall be throughout (except at such places, if any, therein as may be specified in the notice) of a width not less than the specified width.

(4) The provisions of Part XV of this Act with respect to references upon notices served by inspectors shall apply to a notice served under either of the two last foregoing subsections.

36*—(1) The manager of a mine—

(a) shall not permit vehicles to run in any road therein

unless neither the vehicles nor their loads, nor (if the vehicles run as part of rope haulage apparatus) die ropes to which they are attached, nor (if the vehicles are hauled by animals) the animals nor their harnesses rub against the roof or sides of the road, anything supporting the roof and sides of the road or either of them or anything in the road not provided for the purpose of controlling the vehicles or (in the case of vehicles which run as part of rope haulage apparatus) the ropes to which they are attached;

(b) shall not permit a conveyor to be operated in any road therein unless neither die conveyor nor its load rubs against the roof or sides of the road, anything supporting the roof and sides of the road or either of them or anything in the road.

(2) In any prosecution for a contravention of this section with respect to the running of vehicles or the operation of a conveyor

1954 Mines and Quarries Ch. 70

Act, 1954

in a road in a mine on any occasion, it shall be a defence to jrove either—

(a) that the sole purpose for which the vehicles were being run or the conveyor was being operated on that occasion was to facilitate the carrying out to the road of repairs the purpose of the carrying out whereof was to enable the manager of the mine, without contravention of this section, to permit vehicles to run or a conveyor to be operated in that road; or

(W that—

(i) the fact that rubbing occurred on that occasion was due to a sudden decrease of the height or width of the road which it was impracticable to prevent; and

(ii) there was no reasonable ground for apprehending that the running of the vehicles or die operation of the conveyor, as the case may be, on that occasion would result in bodily injury to persons or animals using the road; and

(iii) no avoidable delay was incurred in taking the steps necessary to complete the carrying out to the road, at the place where rubbing occurred, of such repairs as aforesaid.

37.—(1) The manager of every mine shall have power to Transport make rules (hereafter in this Act referred to as 44 transportru,e8* rules ") with respect to the use of vehicles and conveyors in the mine and the conditions under which they may be so used and generally for securing the safe operation in the mine of vehicles and conveyors and the avoidance of bodily injury being caused to persons by reason of the running thereof, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing words,—

(a) specifying a standard height and width with respect to

each length of road in the mine in which vehicles run or conveyors are operated;

(b) specifying the maximum loads (by reference to weight, dimensions, number or other criterion) that may be carried in vehicles in any length of road in the mine and the maximum number of vehicles (according as to whether they are loaded or unloaded) that may be coupled together to run as a set or train in any length of road in the mine;

(c) specifying the maximum speeds at which vehicles may

run in any length of road in the mine; and

() prohibiting the conveyance in roads in the mine of

persons in vehicles or on conveyors except in such circumstances and in accordance with such conditions.

853

Part III —cont.

854

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Part III —eont.

if any, as may be specified in the rules and specifying precautions to be observed when persons are so conveyed.

(2) The exercise by the manager of a mine of the power J

conferred by the foregoing subsection shall be obligatory for the purpose mentioned in paragraph (a) of that subsection and also for the purposes mentioned in paragraphs (b) to () thereof save in so far as an exercise of that power for those purposes could, having regard to the circumstances of the mine, serve no object, and regulations may render an exercise of that power obligatory | for any other purpose for which it may be exercised. i

(3) The power conferred by subsection <1) of this section to specify by transport rules standard heights and widths with respect to lengths of road may, as respects any particular length of road, be so exercised as either to specify a standard height and width to be applicable without exception throughout that length of road or to specify a standard height and width to be applicable throughout that length of road but subject to exceptions (as regards height or width, or both) for such places therein as may be specified in the rules.

(4) Transport rules having effect with respect to a mine may impose duties and prohibitions on persons employed thereat and may make different provision with respect to different roads or classes of roads, different lengths of road or lengths of road of different classes and different classes of vehicles, conveyors and loads.

(5) It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine—

(a) so to frame such of the provisions of transport rules

as have effect by virtue of paragraph (a) of subsection

(1) of this section as to secure that, as regards any length of road in the mine to which the provisions relate, the specified standard width is not less than such as is sufficient to permit of the provision of such amount of space as may be calculated to secure the safety of persons who work in or pass through that length of road while vehicles are running or conveyors are being operated therein; and

(b) so to frame such of the provisions of transport rules as

have effect by virtue of paragraph ( ) or (c) of that subsection as to secure that each maximum thereby specified is such as will, in his opinion, afford a reasonable margin of safety.

(6) It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine-

fa) to take, with respect to every length of road therein with respect to which a standard height and width is specified by provisions of transport rules having effect by virtue of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act; 1954

Ch. 70

855

section, such steps as are appropriate for securing that Part m the height and width of that length of road throughout are at all times not less than the standard height and width so specified, save, so far as regards any such place therein as is specified in the rules by virtue of subsection (3) of this section, in so for as that height and width are, or either of them is, by virtue of that subsection, inapplicable;

(b) to secure that all other provisions of transport rules relating to the mine are executed and enforced.

(7) A transport rule which is inconsistent with the provisions of any regulation shall, to the extent of the inconsistency, be of no effect

<8> If an inspector is of opinion with respect to a mine that provision ought to be made by transport rules having effect with respect to the mine for any matter for which provision is not for the time being made by such rules or that different provision ought to be made by such rules for any matter for which provision is for the time being made by such rules, he may serve on the manager of the mine a notice stating that he is of that opinion, specifying the matter for which, in his opinion, provision or, as the case may be, different provision ought to be made as aforesaid and the nature of the provision that, in his opinion, ought to be made, and requiring the manager, before the expiration of such period beginning with the day on which the notice becomes operative as may be specified therein, to exercise the power conferred on him by subsection (1) of this section in accordance with the tenor of the notice.

The provisions of Part XV of this Act with respect to references upon notices served by inspectors shall apply to a notice served under this subsection.

(9) A copy of all transport rules for the time being in force with respect to a mine shall be kept at the office at the mine or at such other place as may be approved by an inspector, and notices containing a summary of so much of any such rules as affect any person shall be kept posted at suitable places in the mine in such characters and in such positions as to be easily seen and read by him.

(10) A document purporting to be certified by the manager of a mine to be a true copy of any transport rules for the time being in force with respect to the mine shall be receivable in evidence and shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to be such a copy.

38. Regulations may require the provision, in such cases as Power to may be prescribed, of facilities whereby persons employed below ground in mines may be carried through the roads whereby they oftravdling go to and from their working places or through parts of those fadlitiet.

856

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Part III roads, being cases where the provision of such facilities as afore-

—com. said appears to the Minister to be necessary or expedient in the

interests of safety or for the purpose of avoiding excessive fatigue being caused to such persons in going to and from those placet

Provisions 39.—(1) The following provisions shall have effect with

respect to every length of road in a mine, being a length in which foot-passengers 0,11 ve^cles moved otherwise than by hand or by animal traction in transport (whether or not vehicles moved by those means also run roads. therein):—

(a) during any period during which vehicles are moving

in that length of road otherwise than by those meant no person employed at the mine (other than an authorised person) shall, except in accordance with the provisions of regulations in that behalf, pass on foot along that length of road or any part thereof unless the movement of vehicles in that length of road, other than vehicles moved by those means, is specially stopped for the purpose of allowing him to do so;

(b) if that length of road is used at the beginning or end,

or at the beginning and end, of a shift by not less than ten persons for the purpose of walking to or from their working places in the mine, it shall be the duty of the manager of the mine to fix a period or periods for the purpose of enabling them to do so in safety, and no person shall cause or permit a vehicle (whether loaded or not) to move, otherwise than by those means, in that length of road during a period fixed in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this paragraph:

Provided that—

(i) provision may be made by regulations for exempting

from the provisions of either or both of the foregoing paragraphs any such lengths of road as aforesaid of a prescribed class in mines to which the regulations apply, and an inspector may, by notice served on the manager of a particular mine, exempt from the provisions of either or both of those paragraphs any such length of road as aforesaid in that mine; and

(ii) in any prosecution instituted in respect of a person’s

passing along a length of road or part thereof in contravention of paragraph (a) of this subsection, it shall be a defence to prove that that person had reasonable cause to believe that it might be necessary for repairs to be carried out forthwith in that length of road and was so passing for the purpose of verifying his belief and of ascertaining the nature or extent of the repairs which he believed it might be necessary to carry out

954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

(2) Except with the written permission of the manger of a Part III nine, no person shall, otherwise than in such circumstances and —com. o accordance with such conditions (if any) as may be specified in ransport rules having effect with respect to the mine, accompany

n foot below ground in the mine a vehicle which is moving as art of any rope haulage apparatus.

(3) For the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of his section the expression "authorised person" means, in elation to a length of road in a mine,—

(a) an official of the mine;

(b) a person employed in connection with the running of vehicles in that length of road;

(c) a person engaged in, or in connection with, the carrying

out in that length of road of repairs which it is necessary to cany out forthwith; or

() a person engaged in carrying out, by virtue of the pro-

visions of this Act relating to workmen’s inspections or of any such agreement as is mentioned in those provisions, an inspection at the mine.

40.—(1) Subject to any exceptions for which provision may Provision of be made by regulations, die manager of a mine shall not permit reftlge hoIcs* vehicles (not being vehicles moved by hand) to run in any length >f road in the mine unless there are provided in that length of road (except in so much, if any, of it as is within seventy-five feet of a working face served by it), at intervals not greater than ;uch as may be prescribed and in the prescribed positions, refuge holes each of which is of such dimensions as may be prescribed and complies with such other requirements as may be prescribed.

(2) Every refuge hole for the time being provided in a length of road in a mine for the purpose of enabling the manager of the mine, without contravention of the foregoing subsection, to permit vehicles to run in that length of road shall be kept free from obstruction.

(3) In this section the expression "working face" does not include a place in a road at which ripping or work of repair is in progress.

4L—(1) So long as vehicles are used in a mine, there shall be provided, maintained and used, either in the mine or on the vehicles or both in the mine and on the vehicles, such safety to weof devices as are necessary to prevent the occurrence of accidents vehiolet. likely to cause bodily injury to persons, being accidents caused by vehicles so used running away; and every device provided in pursuance of this subsection shall be of a kind designed to assume automatically the position in which it operates for the

858

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2&3B42

Part III purpose for which it is designed, save in a case where then a —corn. g00d reason for not providing a device of that kind.

(2) In addition to the provision, in pursuance of the forego* subsection, of such safety devices as are therein mentioned, fa shall be taken, as respects a person who, otherwise than mi matter of routine, is at work at a place in a mine through vfc vehicles are running or are accustomed to run, such steps ase necessary to protect him from bodily injury in the event of 1 vehicle’s running away while he is at work at that place.

Charge of winding and rope haulage apparatus when persons are carried.

Provisions for securing safe operation of Winding and Rope Haulage Apparatus and Conveyors

42.—(1) No mechanically or gravity operated winding appan-tus with which a mine shaft or staple-pit is provided and a mechanically or gravity operated rope haulage apparatus at 1 mine shall be operated on any occasion when persons are cams by means thereof except by a competent male person who b attained the age of twenty-two years appointed by the many of the mine to operate it on such an occasion; and according it shall be the duty of the manager of every mine to appoc such number (if any) of competent male persons as may be sufficient to secure compliance with the foregoing provisions this subsection.

(2) It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine to and from which persons gain ingress and egress by being earned through a shaft or unwalkable outlet by means of mechanical or gravity operated winding or rope haulage apparatus, or h which persons gain access to a part thereof by being cured through a staple-pit by means of mechanically or gravity operated winding apparatus, to make, and to secure the efficient canyii* out of, arrangements whereby, so long as any person is beta ground in the mine who it is intended should come out throngs that shaft, outlet or staple-pit, a person appointed under to section is in attendance at the mine for the purpose of opening the apparatus aforesaid provided for carrying persons through that shaft or outlet or, as the case may be, that staple-pit

(3) An inspector may serve on the manager of a are a notice requiring him to secure that, at such times as my be specified in the notice, a person who, in pursuance of arrange* ments made under the last foregoing subsection, is in attendance at the mine is not charged with the duty of operating more fa one set of mechanically or gravity operated winding or rope haulage apparatus.

(4) Subject to any exceptions for which provision my be made by regulations, no person appointed under this section to! be employed at a mine of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay for more than eight hours in any day on which his duties consist of, or include, 5le operation, when persons are earned bj

>54

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

859

eans thereof, of mechanically or gravity operated winding »paratus with which a shaft is provided, and regulations ay provide for limiting the number of hours for which any ch person may be employed in any week in which his duties insist of, or include, the operation as aforesaid of such jparatus.

43. —(1) No mechanically or gravity operated winding appa-tus with which a mine shaft or staple-pit is provided shall be aerated on an occasion when no persons are carried by means tereof except by, or under the constant supervision of, a comment male person who has attained the age of twenty-one jars.

(2) No mechanically or gravity operated rope haulage appa-itus at a mine shall be operated on any such occasion as aforesaid except by, or under the constant supervision of, a competent ale person who has attained the age of eighteen years.

44. No conveyor shall be operated along a working face t a mine except by, or under the constant supervision of, a >mpetent male person who has attained the age of eighteen 3ars.

45. —(1) There shall be provided and maintained—

(a) in connection with every mine shaft provided with winding apparatus, being a shaft in the case of which the distance between die highest and lowest entrances thereto for the time being in use exceeds fifty feet, effective means of transmitting audible and visible signals from each entrance to the shaft for the time being in use to the place at which the winding apparatus is operated;

kb) in connection with every unwalkable outlet at a mine, being an outlet which is provided with rope haulage apparatus and in the case of which the distance between the terminal surface entrance thereto and the terminal underground entrance thereto exceeds fifty feet, effective means of transmitting audible and visible signals from each entrance to die oudet for the dme being in use to the place at which the haulage apparatus is operated; nd provision may be made by regulations for requiring the rovision and maintenance, in connection with mine shafts and nwalkable outlets at mines, of means of transmitting signals etween the entrances thereto.

(2) Provision may be made by regulations—

(a) for requiring that the prescribed signals shall not be transmitted by means provided in pursuance of, or of

Part III

—amt.

Charge of winding and rope haulage apparatus when persons are not carried.

Charge of conveyors at working feces.

Signalling in shafts and outlets.

860

Part III —cont.

Signalling

in roads.

Power to exdude or modify fire preceding sections in case of remotely controlled or automatic apparatus.

Duty to secure safety roads and working places.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Eliz.2

Act, 1954

regulations having effect by virtue of, the foregoing subsection otherwise than in the prescribed code;

Lb) for requiring the manager of a mine to secure the attendance thereat, at such times as may be prescribed, of persons for the purpose of transmitting signals by those means and receiving signals transmitted thereby.

(3) For the purposes of this section—

(a) so much of any superstructure provided at the top of a mine shaft as forms an extension thereof shall be deemed to form part of the shaft, and so much of a line of rails running through an outlet as lies between the point at which the outlet reaches the surface and the surface terminus of the line shall be deemed to form part of the outlet; ib) the expression " entrance ", in relation to an outlet includes any place at which vehicles stop for the purpose of loading or unloading; and

(c) the expressions " terminal surface entrance " and " terminal underground enhance ", in relation to an outlet, mean, respectively, the surface entrance thereto or, i there is more than one, that one for the time being hi use which is furthest from the point at which the outlet reaches the surface and the underground entrance thereto for the time being in use which is furthest from that point.

46. Where rope haulage apparatus or a conveyor is installed in a road in a mine or is so installed at a mine as to permit its operation in a road therein, then, if the length of the part ol that road through which vehicles can move as part of thu apparatus or, as the case may be, through which loads can be carried by means of that conveyor, exceeds ninety feet, there shal be provided and maintained effective means of transmittinj signals from every point throughout that part of that road, i the place at which the apparatus or, as the case may be, tb| conveyor is operated.

47. Regulations may provide for excluding or modifying & application of all or any of the provisions of the five last fore going sections in the case of winding or rope haulage apparatus installed at mines or conveyors so installed, being apparatus <J conveyors whose operation is remotely controlled or wholly o partly automatic.

Support

48. —(1) It shall be the duty of the manager of every mm to take, with respect to every road and working place in th mine, such steps by way of controlling movement of the strut

54

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

861

the mine and supporting the roof and sides of the road or Fart m irking place as may be necessary for keeping the road or —com. irking place secure:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall require the dng of such steps as aforesaid with respect to a road or part a road which is, or is comprised in, a part of the mine every trance to which is for the time being provided, in pursuance section thirty-three of this Act, with such an enclosure or rrier as is therein mentioned.

(2) It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine to take ch steps as may be necessary for securing that he is at all aterial times in possession of all information relevant for deter-ining the nature and extent of any steps which it is requisite r him to take in order to discharge efficiently the duty imposed i him by the foregoing subsection.

49.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, in every mine Systematic coal, shale or fireclay there shall be provided and maintained "PP°rt ® stematic support for the roof and sides of—

(a) every place where any mineral is worked;

(b) every roadhead;

coal, shale and fireclay mines.

(c) every junction of two or more lengths of road through any one of which vehicles or a conveyor run or runs; and

() every length of road in which persons work otherwise than occasionally or for short periods.

(2) If an inspector is of opinion with respect to a ngth of road in a mine of coal, shale or fireclay (not sing such a length as is mentioned in paragraph () of the iregoing subsection) that systematic support for the roof and des (or either of them) of that length of road ought to be pro-ided and maintained, he may serve on the manager of the line a notice specifying the length of road, stating that he is f opinion aforesaid with respect thereto and requiring the provi-on before the expiration of such period beginning with the day q which the notice becomes operative as may be specified there-u and the maintenance after the provision thereof, of systematic ipport for the roof and sides of that length of road or either of lem, according as may be specified in the notice.

The provisions of Part XV of this Act with respect to refer-oces upon notices served 'by inspectors shall apply to a notice !rved under this subsection.

(3) Regulations may require or empower inspectors to require le provision and maintenance in mines of coal, shale or

862

Part III

—cont.

Power to require systematic support in other mines.

Supply of materials for support.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

fireclay of systematic support for roofs or sides, or both, in such cases (not being cases falling within subsection (1) of this section) and to such extent as may be prescribed.

(4) Regulations may provide for exempting from the foregoing provisions of this section any prescribed class of mines of coal, shale or fireclay or any prescribed classes of places where mineral is worked, roadheads, junctions or lengths of road in soch mines or any class thereof, and an inspector may, by notice served on the manager of a particular mine of coal, shale or fireclay, exempt from those provisions that mine or any such place as aforesaid, roadhead, junction or length of road therein.

(5) For the purposes of this section references to provision and maintenance of systematic support shall, as respects any mine, be construed as references to provision and maintenance of support in accordance with a system specified in rules to be made by the manager of the mine, being a system consistent with the proper control of movement of the strata in the mine.

(6) Nothing in this section shall be construed as preventing a workman in a mine of coal, shale or fireclay from setting in his working place, in addition to supports set therein in pursuance of a requirement imposed by or by virtue of this section, any support which he has reason to believe it is necessary to set therein for the purpose of securing the safety of himself or another.

50. —(1) Regulations may require, or empower inspectors to require, the provision and maintenance in mines other than of coal, shale or fireclay of systematic support for roofs or sides, or both, in such cases and to such extent as may be prescribed.

(2) The reference in this section to provision and maintenance of systematic support shall be construed in like manna- as the references thereto in the last foregoing section are required to be construed.

51. —(1) Subject to any exceptions for which provision may be made by regulations, no materials shall be used for the support of the roof or sides of any place in a mine other than materials provided by the owner of the mine.

(2) No charge shall be levied by the owner of a mine upon any person employed thereat in respect of the provision by the owner of materials for support

(3) It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine to secure that a sufficient supply of suitable materials for support is at all times readily available, for use at the place where he is actually working, to each workman who needs them, and—

(a) where a sufficient supply of such materials is not readily available, for use at the place where he is actually

1954 Mines and Quarries Ch. 70

Act, 1954

working, to a workman who needs them, he shall withdraw to a place of safety and forthwith report to an official of the mine that, by reason of the premises, he has done so; and

(b) where it appears to the person for the time being in charge of a part of a mine that such a supply is not available as aforesaid to a workman employed in that part of the mine, the said person shall cause the workman to withdraw as aforesaid; and where, on any occasion, a workman has, in pursuance of either of the foregoing paragraphs, withdrawn from the place where he was actually working, the person for the time being in charge of the part of the mine in which that place is situate shall not permit the workman to return to it thereafter until that person is satisfied that such a supply of materials as aforesaid will be readily available, for use at that place, to that workman when he needs them.

52. —(1) No person shall withdraw support from the roof or Withdrawal sides of any place in a mine otherwise than by a method or device of support, by which he does so from a position of safety.

(2) Where if is part of the system of work at a place in a mine to withdraw from the waste or from under the roof adjoining the waste support provided in compliance with a requirement to provide it imposed «by or by virtue of section forty-nine or fifty of this Act, no person shall, at that place, otherwise than in accordance with a system specified in rules to be made by the manager of the mine, withdraw as aforesaid support so provided.

53. It shall be the duty of every person employed at a mine Duties of who is appointed for the purpose of fulfilling any requirements deputies in imposed with respect to the mine by virtue of paragraph (a) of 10 subsection (1) of section twelve of this Act to ensure to the best support* of his ability that all such rules made under or by virtue of any

of the foregoing provisions of this Act relating to support as have effect with respect to the mine are executed and enforced and that there are duly set any supports which appear to him to be necessary in addition to those set in pursuance of the requirements imposed by or by virtue of the said provisions.

54. —(1) Rules made under or by virtue of any of the fore- Provisions as ping provisions of this Act relating to support are hereafter to support

m this Act referred to as " support rules

(2) Support rules with respect to a mine shall comply with such requirements with respect to the form thereof and the matters to be specified therein as may be prescribed, and may impose upon persons employed at the mine such duties and prohibitions as it

863

Part III

—cant.

864

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 & 3 2

Part III appears to the manager of the mine requisite or expedient to

—cont. impose on them for securing compliance with any requirement

imposed by or by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act relating to support

(3) If, with respect to any support rules for the time being in force with respect to a mine, an inspector is of opinion that the rules require modification in any particular, be may serve on the manager of the mine a notice specifying the rules, stating that he is of opinion aforesaid and specifying the particular in which, in his opinion, die rules require modification and the nature of the modification that, in his opinion, ought to be made, and requiring the manager, before the expiration of such period beginning with the date on which the notice becomes operative as may be specified therein, to modify die rules in accordance with the tenor of the notice.

The provisions of Part XV of this Act with respect to references upon notices served by inspectors shall apply to a notice served under this subsection.

(4) A support rule which is inconsistent with the provisions of any regulation shall, to the extent of the inconsistency, be of no effect

(5) A copy of all support rules for the time being in force with respect to a mine shall be kept at the office at die mine or at such other place as may be approved by an inspector and where, by virtue of paragraph () of subsection (1) of section twelve of this Act, districts are delimited in a mine for the purpose of the discharge of their duties by persons appointed for the purpose of fulfilling the requirements imposed with respect to the mine by virtue of paragraph (a) of that subsection, a copy of so much of the said rules as relates to each district shall be supplied by the manager of the mine to the person so appointed who is in charge of the district and shall be kept posted at the entrance to the district in such characters and in such a position as to be easily seen and read by the persons employed in the district.

(6) It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine with respect to which support rules are for the time being in force to supply to every person employed at the mine whose duties consist of, or include, the setting of supports in accordance with a system specified in the rules, a document explaining either verbally or diagrammatically, or partly in the one way and partly in the other, the effect of the rules so far as they concern him.

(7) A document purporting to be certified by the manager of a mine to be a true copy of any support rules for the time being in force with respect to the mine shall be receivable in evidence and shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to be such a copy.

954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

865

Ventilation Part 111

55.—(1) It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine to ake such steps as are necessary for securing that there is con- Duty.i? tontly produced in all parts of the mine below ground ventila- adequate ion adequate for the following purposes, namely.— ventilation.

(a) diluting gases that are inflammable or noxious so as to

render diem harmless and removing them; and

(b) providing air containing a sufficiency of oxygen.

(2) Without prejudice to the general application of the foregoing subsection,—

(a) ventilation produced in a part of a mine shall be deemed

for the purposes of that subsection not to be adequate for the purpose of diluting carbon dioxide so as to render it harmless unless the amount thereof in the general body of the air in that part of the mine is not more than one and a quarter per cent, by volume or, if a smaller percentage by volume is prescribed, that smaller percentage;

(b) ventilation produced in a part of a mine shall be deemed

for the purposes of that subsection not to be adequate for the purpose of providing air containing a sufficiency of oxygen unless the amount of oxygen in the general body of the air in that .part of the mine is not less than nineteen per cent, by volume;

and regulations may provide that, without prejudice to the general application of that subsection, ventilation produced in a part of a mine shall be deemed for the purposes of that subsection not to be adequate for the purpose of diluting a prescribed gas (other than carbon dioxide) that is inflammable or noxious so as to render it harmless unless the amount thereof in the general body of the air in that part of the mine is less than the prescribed percentage by volume.

(3) In the discharge of the duty imposed on him by subsection

(1) of this section, the manager of a mine shall have regard to the desirability of securing (consistently with the discharge of that duty) the maintenance in the mine of working conditions that are reasonable so far as regards the temperature and humidity of the atmosphere and the amount of dust therein.

(4) Nothing in subsection (1) of this section shall be construed as requiring the production of ventilation—

(a) in a part of a mine which is stopped off in a prescribed manner or in such other manner as may be approved by an inspector by notice served on the manager of the mine or is stowed up;

(6) in any waste; or

(c) in any such other part of a mine as may be prescribed.

2 B

866

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act; 1954

2&3Buz.l

Part m (5) Where, in any part of a mine required by the foregong —com. provisions of this section to be ventilated, the ventilatioa k interrupted or ceases to be adequate for the purposes mentiovd in subsection (1) of this section, it shall be the duty of the mot ger of the mine to secure that, until the ventilation is restored, access to that part of the mine is so restricted as to prevcz from entering it any person not authorised to do so and k person is permitted to remain in or pass through it except far the purpose of restoring the ventilation or in a case of emergence

Avoidance of danger from gas in waste.

56.—(1) This section applies to waste other than—

(a) waste which is—

(i) stopped off in a prescribed manner or in ad other manner as may be approved by an inspect by notice served on the manager of the mine a which it is contained; or

(ii) stowed up; or

(b) waste, other than as aforesaid, with respect to whidu

is known that there is therein—

(i) no inflammable gas; and

(ii) either no noxious gas or no noxious gas in dangerous concentration.

(2) It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine wfaicfa contains any waste to which this section applies to secure either-

(a) that there is constantly produced in that waste ventilate

adequate for the purposes mentioned in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section; or

(b) that appropriate steps are taken for the purpose of minimising dangerous emissions from that waste of inflammable or noxious gas.

(3) Subsection (2) of the last foregoing section shall, with am requisite modifications, apply for the purposes of paragraph 4c of the last foregoing subsection as it applies for the purposes of subsection (1) of that section.

Power of 57.—(1) If an inspector is of opinion, with respect to a pat

inspector of a mine that is by section fifty-five of this Act required to I imDrovonent ventilated> that, in the interests of the safety or health of tk of ventilation, persons employed in that part of the mine, it is necessary or expedient to improve the ventilation produced therein, he m? serve on the manager of the mine a notice specifying that pvt and stating that he is of opinion aforesaid with respect thereto and requiring (according as may be specified in the notice) either—

(a) that ventilation which, after the expiration of such period beginning with the day on which the notice

>54 Mines and Quarries Ch. 70

Act, 1954

becomes operative as may be specified therein, is produced in that part of the mine in pursuance of the said section fifty-five, must conform to such requirements as may be specified in the notice; or

(M that such works for the purpose of improving the ventilation in that part of the mine as may be specified in the notice shall be executed before die expiration of that period.

(2) Hie provisions of Part XV of this Act with respect to Terences upon notices served by inspectors shall apply to a otice served under the foregoing sufbsection.

58.—(1) Unless, in all parts of a mine that are required by Provisions as sction fifty-five of this Act to be ventilated, ventilation adequate >r the purposes specified in subsection (1) of that section is pro-Ided wholly by natural means, there shall be provided and mainlined on the surface of the mine mechanically operated appara-is capable of producing in all those parts of the mine an mount of ventilation sufficient (apart from any ventilation pro-uced by any mechanically operated apparatus below ground)

) enable all the persons who are below ground in the mine at ay one time to leave it safely; and any apparatus provided in ursuance of this subsection shall, if it is not normally used > produce ventilation, be used once at least in each week and e kept constantly available for use.

(2) Where (whether in pursuance of the foregoing subsection <r not) there is provided on the surface of a mine of coal lechanically operated apparatus for producing ventilation below round in the mine, then, unless that apparatus is so designed or dapted, and is so installed, as to permit of its operation both by ray of forcing air into, and by way of exhausting air from, the line, there shall be provided in association with that apparatus, laintained and kept constantly available for use, adequate leans for reversing the direction of flow of the ventilation roduced by that apparatus.

(3) Regulations may—

(a) exempt any prescribed class of mines from the provisions of subsection (1) of this section;

(b) exempt any prescribed class of mines of coal from the provisions of subsection (2) of this section;

nd an inspector may, by notice served on the manager of a articular mine other than of coal, exempt the mine from the rovisions of the said subsection (1) and may, by notice served n the manager of a particular mine of coal, exempt the mine rom the provisions of either or both of those subsections:

Provided that no exemption shall be granted by regulations lade by virtue of this subsection unless the Minister is satisfied

2 B 2

867

Part in

—cont.

868

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 &3Euz.2

Part III

—com.

Prevention of leakage of air between airways.

Provision of barometers and other measuring instruments.

that no persons employed in mines of the class to which the regulations apply will be exposed to undue risk in consequence of the granting of the exemption, and no exemption shall be granted under this subsection by an inspector in the case of a! particular mine unless he is satisfied that no persons employed in! that mine will be exposed to undue risk in consequence of the granting of the exemption.

(4) It shall not be lawful to use a fire for ventilation in a mine or, except with the consent of an inspector, given by notice served on the manager of the mine, to release in a mine compressed air for the purpose thereby of diluting or removing inflammable or noxious gas.

59. —(i) Where, of any two lengths of different passages in a mine of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay, one is made after die commencement of this Act (whatever the date of the making of, or of any part of, the other), then, unless there is (without any steps being taken for the purpose of minimising the leakage of air between them) no, or no appreciable, leakage of air between them, it shall not be lawful to use one as, or as part of, an intake airway and the other as, or as part of, a return airway unless such steps are taken as are necessary for the purpose of minimising the leakage of air between them:

Provided that nothing in the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall render unlawful the use as, or as part of, an airway of so much of any passage in a mine as lies within the relevant distance from a working face to which air is supplied or front which air is drawn off through that airway.

(2) For the purposes of the proviso to the foregoing sub-! section—

(a) the expression " relevant distance " means, in relation to!

a working face in a mine, four hundred and fifty feet (measured from any point on that face in a straight fine! on any plane) or such other distance, so measured' (whether greater or less than four hundred and fiflyj feet), as may, in any particular case, be determined by an inspector by notice served on the manager of the mine; and

(b) the expression " working face " does not include a place in a road at which ripping or work of repair is inj progress.

60. —(1) At every mine of coal or fireclay and at every mine other than of coal or fireclay, being either a safety-lamp mine or a mine (other than a safety-lamp mine) containing any waste to which section fifty-six of this Act applies, there shall be provided in a conspicuous place and in such a position as to be

)54

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

869

isily seen and read by the persons employed at the mine a arometer which shall, in such cases as may be prescribed, be of le prescribed kind.

(2) Provision may be made by regulations for requiring—

(a) the provision at any such mine as aforesaid of a barometer of a prescribed kind in addition to that required by the foregoing subsection to be provided thereat;

(b) the provision at the prescribed places in mines of the prescribed instruments for measuring the temperature or humidity, or temperature and humidity, of the atmosphere.

(3) Every instrument provided at a mine in pursuance of, or f regulations having effect by virtue of, the foregoing provisions f this section shall be properly maintained, and regulations lay require that any such instrument shall be read by such ersons at such times as may be prescribed and that the readings hall be entered by those .persons in a book to be provided for lat purpose by the owner of the mine.

Lighting, Lamps and Contraband

61.—(1) It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine—

(a) to secure the provision of—

(i) suitable and sufficient lighting (whether natural or artificial) in every part of the mine above ground in or through which persons work or pass (account being taken, where lamps are normally carried by persons who work in or pass through any such part, of the amount of light emitted by those lamps);

(ii) suitable and sufficient artificial lighting in every part of the mine below ground in or through which persons work or pass, other than a part in which the installation of artificial lighting is inadvisable for reasons of safety or is unnecessary because of the amount of light emitted by lamps normally carried by persons who work in or pass through it or for any other reason;

(b) to secure that all apparatus installed ait the mine for

producing artificial lighting thereat is properly maintained.

(2) Provision may be made by regulations for requiring the provision and maintenance, at such places at a mine as may be prescribed, of such lights as may be prescribed; but nothing n regulations having effect by virtue of this subsection shall be :onstrued as being in derogation of the general obligation imposed by subsection (1) of this section.

Part III

—com.

Lighting.

870

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act; 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Part IU

—cont.

Permitted

lights.

62.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, no lamps or lights other than permitted lights shall be allowed or used below ground in a mine of coal first opened on or after the date of the commencement of this Act

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, no lamps or lights other than permitted lights shall be allowed or used below ground in a mine (whether of coal or of any other mineral) first opened before the said date, being either—

(a) a mine in the case of which, immediately before that

date, the use below ground therein of lamps or lights, other than locked safety-lamps or some other means of lighting the use of which below ground therein was authorised by or under the enactments repealed by this Act, was unlawful or would have been unlawful but for an exemption then in force; or

(b) a mine (other than as aforesaid) in the case of which

locked safety-lamps were being used below ground therein immediately before that date otherwise than by way of temporary precaution.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section, no lamps or lights other than permitted lights shall, in the case of a mine (whether of coal or of any other mineral) first opened before the said date (not being a mine to which subsection (2) of this section applies) or of a mine other than of coal first opened on or after the said date, be allowed or used below ground after—

(a) the occurrence in any part of the mine below ground of

an ignition or explosion of gas naturally present in the mine (whether or not causing death or bodily injury); or

(b) the introduction of the use, in any part of the mine below

ground, of locked safety-lamps otherwise than by way of temporary precaution; or

(c) the expiration of the period of four weeks beginning

with the day next following that on which there has become operative a notice served on the manager of the mine by an inspector stating that he is of opinion that no lamps or lights other than permitted lights ought to be used below ground in the mine.

(4) Such a notice as is mentioned in paragraph (c) of the last foregoing subsection shall not be served otherwise than in a case where inflammable gas is known to have been naturally present in the mine to which it relates at some time during the period of five years ending with the date on which service is effected, and the provisions of Part XV of this Act with respect to references upon notices served by inspectors shall apply to any such notice.

(5) If an inspector is satisfied with respect to a mine or a part of a mine that, by reason of the special character

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act; 1954

Ch. 70

871

of the mine or part, compliance with the requirements of Part ill the foregoing provisions of this section is unnecessary, he —com. may, by notice served on the manager of the mine, exempt the mine or part from those provisions:

Provided that no exemption from the said provisions of a part of a mine of coal shall be granted after the expiration of the period of four years beginning with the commencement of this Act or shall be granted or renewed before the expiration of that period otherwise than so as to expire not later than the expiration of that period.

63. Regulations may make provision with respect to— Safety-lamps

(a) the construction of safety-lamps and other lighting ^pJr^js18

apparatus for use in mines and of parts of, and acces- regulations sones to, such lamps or apparatus;

(b) the repair, maintenance, alteration, adjustment and testing of such lamps, apparatus, parts and accessories;

(c) the giving out to, and the use and handing in by, per-

sons employed at mines of such lamps and apparatus.

Prohibition of taking into mines safety-lamps not provided by owner or of approved type.

64. —(1) No person shall take or use below ground in a mine a safety lamp other than one provided by the owner of the mine.

(2) No person shall take or use below ground in a mine a safety lamp other than one of a type for the time being approved by the Minister—

(a) for use in mines generally, in mines of a class to which

that mine belongs or in that mine; and

(b) for use by all persons or persons of a class to which that person belongs.

65. —(1) A person who damages, destroys or loses or suffers Offences

to be damaged, destroyed or lost a safety-lamp given out to him relating to at a mine shall be guilty of an offence: safety-lamps.

Provided that, in any proceedings taken against a person in respect of an offence under this section with respect to a safety-lamp, it shall be a defence for him to prove that he took reasonable steps for the care and preservation of the lamp and that, immediately after the occurrence of the damage, destruction or loss, as the case may be, he notified an official of the mine of its occurrence.

(2) A person who tampers with a safety-lamp given out to him at a mine shall be guilty of an offence.

66. —(1) A person who takes or has in his possession below Prohibition of

ground in a safety-lamp mine or takes into, or has in his possession of possession in, a safety-lamp part of a mine, any cigar or cigarette,

any pipe or other contrivance for smoking or any match or certain mines mechanical lighter, shall be guilty of an offence. and parts

of mines.

1

872 Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 .2

, 1954

Part HI (2) It shall be the duty of the manager of every safety-lamp

—cont. mine and of every mine containing a safety-lamp part—

(a) to make, and to ensure the efficient carrying out o£

arrangements whereby all persons employed below ground in die mine or, as the case may be, employed in die safety-lamp part thereof or such of those persons as may be selected in accordance with a system approved by an inspector by notice served on the manager of the mine, and any articles which they have with them, and ah other persons and any articles which they have with them, will, for the purpose of ascertaining whether any of them has in his possession any such article as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, be searched in the authorised manner immediately before, or (if that is impracticable) immediately after, they go below ground in the mine on any occasion or, as the case may be, enter the safety-lamp part thereof on any occasion; and

(b) to secure that, at any time when the said arrangements

are not in operation, no person goes below ground in the mine or, as the case may be, enters the safety-lamp part thereof;

and the manager of every safety-lamp mine and of every mine containing a safety-lamp part may, at any time when a person is below ground in the mine or is in the safety-lamp part thereof, as die case may be, cause him and any article which he has with him to be searched in the authorised manner for the purpose of ascertaining whether he has in his possession any such article as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

(3) Where, upon a search made in pursuance of this section, a person who is about to go below ground in a safety-lamp mine or to enter a safety-lamp part of a mine is found to have in his possession any such article as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, he shall be guilty of an offence.

(4) Without prejudice to the institution of proceedings against a person for an offence under this section, any such article as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section which is found upon any search made at a mine in pursuance of this section may be seized by the person making the search and dealt with in such manner as may be directed by the manager of the mine.

(5) No person shall, in pursuance of this section, search any other person on any occasion unless he has previously gives on that occasion an opportunity to some two other persons to search himself and, if searched by them, has not been found to have in his possession any such article as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

873

(6) A person who on any occasion refuses to allow himself part ni or an article which he has with him to be searched in pursuance —cont. of this section shall be guilty of an offence and, without prejudice to the institution of proceedings against him in respect of

the offence, if the refusal occurs before he goes below ground in a mine shall not be allowed to go below ground in it on that occasion and, if the refusal occurs when he is in a mine, shall not be allowed to remain in it on that occasion.

(7) It shall be the duty of the manager of every safety-lamp mine and of every mine containing a safety-lamp part to secure that, at or near every place where searches are carried out under arrangements made in pursuance of paragraph of subsection (2) of this section, notices warning persons of their liability under subsection (1) thereof are kept posted in such characters and in such positions as to be easily seen and read by persons liable to be searched.

(8) In this section the expression " mechanical lighter " means a mechanical, chemical or electrical contrivance designed or adapted primarily for the purpose of igniting tobacco and the expression " authorised manner " means such manner as may he specified in an order made by the Minister.

47.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, no article Prohibition of designed or adapted to produce an unprotected flame or an taking into unprotected spark shall be taken or used below ground in a ^r^mcs safety-lamp mine or taken into, or used in, a safety-lamp part of Qf njnes a mine. of articles

producing

(2) Nothing in the foregoing subsection shall be construed as flames or prohibiting— sparks.

(a) the taking into, or use in, a mine or part of a mine of

any article in accordance with this Act or regulations;

(b) the taking into, or use in, a mine of any class or part of

a mine of any class of an article of a description authorised by order of the Minister to be used in a mine of that class;

(c) the taking into, or use in, a mine or part of a mine of an article of a description authorised in writing by an inspector to be used in that mine or, as the case may be, that part of that mine.

Electricity and Electrical Apparatus

48.—(1) Regulations may make provision with respect to any Electricity

of the following matters, namely,— and electrical

, v , _ . apparatus.

(<z) the generation, storage, transformation, transmission and

use of electricity at mines; and

2 B*

I

874

Part III —cont.

Blasting materials and devices.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 B117 2

Act, 1954

(b) the use, construction, installation, examination, repair, maintenance, alteration, adjustment and testing of electrical apparatus and electric cables at mines;

shall make provision for requiring that, where the amount of inflammable gas in the general body of the air in a part of a mine below ground exceeds such [percentage by volume (which shall not exceed one and a quarter) as may be prescribed, the supply of electricity to all apparatus in that part of the mine (other than such apparatus as may be prescribed, being apparatus as to which the Minister is satisfied that the continued use thereof will not involve undue risk), shall be cut off; and may make provision for requiring the cutting off, in such circumstances (other than as aforesaid) as may be prescribed, of the supply of electricity to apparatus below ground in a mine.

(2) If, with respect to a mine, an inspector is of opinion that the use of electricity below ground therein or in any part thereof below ground would or might involve substantial risk of an explosion of gas or dust, he may serve on the manager of the mine a notice stating that he is of that opinion, and prohibiting, or restricting to such extent as may be specified in the notice, the use of electricity below ground in the mine or in that part thereof, as the case may be.

The provisions of Part XV of this Act with respect to references upon notices served by inspectors shall apply to a notice served under this subsection and any such notice shall, if it is so specified therein, become operative forthwith.

Blasting Materials and Devices

69.—<1) Regulations may make provision for prohibiting or restricting the supply, storage or use at mines of blasting materials and devices or any class thereof and, in particular, for prohibiting or restricting the use of such materials and devices or any class thereof in a part of a mine below ground at any time at which the amount of inflammable gas in the general body of the air in that part exceeds the prescribed percentage by volume and in such other circumstances (if any) as may be prescribed.

(2) The Minister may by order impose prohibitions or restrictions on the use, at mines or mines of any class, of any blasting material or device or any class of blasting materials and devices in any case where—

(a) regulations having effect by virtue of the foregoing subsection do not prohibit or restrict, or do not, in the opinion of the Minister, sufficiently restrict, the use at mines or mines of that class, as the case may be, of that material or device or such materials and devices of that class, as the case may be; and

1954 Mines and Quarries Ch. 70

Act, 1954

the dangers inherent in the use at mines or mines of that class, as the case may be, of that material or device or such materials and devices of that class, as the case may be, are in his opinion such as to render it necessary or expedient for provision for prohibiting or restricting or, as the case may be, further restricting the use at mines or mines of that class, as the case may be, of that material or device or such materials and devices of that class, as the case may be, to be made by such regulations and for temporary provision in that behalf to be made forthwith by the order pending the coming into operation of provision in that behalf made by such regulations.

(3) No blasting material or device shall be taken or used below ground in a mine other than material or a device provided by the owner of the mine.

(4) In this section the expression "blasting materials and devices’9 means explosives and any articles designed for the purpose of breaking up or loosening minerals by means of explosion, the expansion of gas, the change of a substance from one physical state to another or a chemical reaction not constituting combustion.

Fire Precautions and Provisions as to Rescue

70.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, it shall notFire be lawful for more than one hundred persons to be employed below ground in a mine of coal in circumstances in which, if workings there were a fire in any length of intake airway through which served by the air supply to all of those persons passes, none of them would single intake be able to withdraw from the mine without either passing airway* through the fire or following a way out to the surface in which, or in any part of which, the air would or might become so contaminated by the products of combustion generated by the fire as to prejudice seriously the possibility of the withdrawal of persons through it in safety, unless—

(a) that length of intake airway and everything with which it

is equipped are so constructed or treated, and so maintained and used, that that length of airway is, so far as can be reasonably foreseen, free from the risk that any fire that might break out therein would so develop as to prevent or endanger the withdrawal from the mine of those persons; or

(b) means are provided for securing that, in the event of

a fire in that length of intake airway, those persons will be able to withdraw in safety.

In computing, for the purposes of this subsection, the number of persons employed in such circumstances as aforesaid, a person

2 B* 2

875

Part III

—com.

876

Part III

—cont.

Provisions for introduction of compulsory use of approved brattice sheeting and conveyor belting.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Euz.2

Act, 1954

going to or from his working place at the beginning or end of his shift shall, unless it is otherwise prescribed (either generally or in relation to any particular circumstances), be left out of account.

(2) Until the expiration of the period of five years beginning with the commencement of this Act, so much of any road or other passage serving as an airway as was made before the commencement of this Act shall be disregarded for the purposes of the foregoing subsection.

(3) Regulations may provide for exempting from the provisions of subsection (1) of this section any prescribed class of mines of coal and an inspector may, by notice served on the manager of a particular mine of coal, exempt the mine or any part thereof from those provisions.

(4) Regulations may provide that the foregoing provisions of this section shall—

(a) apply to mines other than of coal with the substitution,

for the reference in subsection (2) to the expiration of the period of five years beginning with the commencement of this Act, of a reference to the expiration of such period beginning with the date on which the regulations come into operation as may be prescribed;

(b) have effect, in their application to mines of a

prescribed class (whether mines of coal or not), with the substitution, for the reference in subsection (1) to one hundred, of a reference to such less number as may be prescribed.

71.—(1) The Minister may by order appoint for the purposes of this subsection a day in relation to a class of mines specified in the order, and where a day is appointed under this subsection in relation to a class of mines it shall not, after that day, be lawful to use below ground in a mine of that class brattice sheeting other than of a type for the time being approved by the Minister for use in mines of that class.

(2) The Minister may by order appoint for the purposes of this subsection a day in relation to a class of mines specified in the order or to parts specified in the order of mines of a class so specified (being parts below ground) and—

(a) where a day is appointed under this subsection in relation to a class of mines, it shall not, after that day, be lawful to use below ground in a mine of that class conveyor belting other than of a type approved by the Minister for use in mines of that class;

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ca. 70

*77

Kb) where a day is so appointed in relation to specified parts Part in of mines of a specified class, it shall not, alter that day, —com. be lawful to use in any such part of a mine of that class conveyor belting other than of a type approved by the Minister for use in mines of that class.

72. Regulations may require the making of such provision Fire-fighting as may be prescribed for all or any of the following purposes,and I"cue namely, the prevention, detection and combating of outbreaks opcrauon#‘ of fire at, and spontaneous heating occurring in, mines and the securing of the efficient conduct (as well in an atmosphere dangerous to life as in an atmosphere not dangerous to life) of such operations for the rescue of persons as it may be necessary to conduct at mines in consequence of the occurrence thereat of outbreaks of fire, explosions or other accidents of whatsoever kind, and in particular, but without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this section, regulations may make provision—

(a) for the establishment and maintenance at mines of such organisations of persons as may be necessary for any of the purposes aforesaid and the provision and maintenance at mines of suitable and sufficient apparatus for any of those purposes, and, in particular, the provision at mines of adequate supplies of water for use in case of fire;

Kb) for requiring owners of mines to provide and maintain stations (hereafter in this Act referred to as "central rescue stations ") for the purpose of providing facilities common to a number of mines for the conduct of such operations as aforesaid, and for the establishment and maintenance at such stations of such organisations of persons as may be necessary for the purpose of conducting such operations and the provision and maintenance thereat of suitable and sufficient apparatus for that purpose; and

(d) for securing the efficient training of the members of any organisation of persons maintained in pursuance of the regulations.

73. It shall not be lawful for a person to be employed at Means of a mine in a room, chamber, or similar confined space in which, escape from owing to the nature of any machinery or apparatus installed JJj^theie therein or of any materials stored therein, there is a risk of the £ special outbreak of a dangerous fire or the escape of steam in sub-risk of fire, stantial quantity or of noxious gas in a dangerous concentration, Ac. unless either such steps are taken (whether by the provision of

878 Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Eliz. 2 Act, 1954

Part III —c two or more exits or otherwise) as are necessary for the purpose of minimising the risk of his being trapped therein in any such event or the circumstances in which he is employed are themselves such as to minimise the risk of his being so trapped.

Dust precautions. Dust Precautions 74.—(1) It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine to ensure that, in connection with the getting, dressing and transporting of minerals below ground in the mine, the giving off of— (a) any dust that is inflammable; and (b) dust of such character and in such quantity as to be likely to be injurious to the persons employed; is minimised. (2) Where, in connection with the carrying on of any operations or process below ground in a mine or in a building on the surface of a mine, there is given off any dust that is inflammable or dust of such character and in such quantity as to be likely to be injurious to the persons employed, it shall be the duty of the manager of the mine to ensure— <a) that the entry of the dust into the air or its accumula-tion in any place in circumstances in which its accumulation in that place might be dangerous or harmful is minimised by means of steps in that behalf taken as near as possible to the point of origin of the dust; (b) that any of the dust which enters the air is trapped or so dispersed as to render it harmless; and (c) that any of the dust which is not prevented from accumu- lating in a place in circumstances in which its accumulation in that place might be dangerous or harmful is either systematically cleaned up and removed to a place where it cannot be dangerous or harmful or treated in manner approved by the Minister for the purpose of rendering it harmless. (3) Regulations may impose upon managers of mines such requirements with respect to the use thereat of prescribed apparatus and the taking thereat of prescribed steps as it may appear to the Minister requisite or expedient to impose for the purpose of attaining any of the objects mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this section; and regulations having effect by virtue of this subsection may provide either that compliance therewith by the manager of a mine is to be taken, either without qualification or to a prescribed extent, as compliance with all or any of the requirements of the said provisions or that compliance with the regulations by the manager of a mine is not necessarily to be taken as compliance with any of the said requirements.

954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

ai.70

879

Precautions against external Dangers to Workings

75. —(1) In the case of every mine, the owner thereof and the lanager thereof shall each be charged with the duty—

ia) of taking such steps as may be necessary for securing that he is at all material times in possession of all information which indicates or tends to indicate the presence or absence, in the vicinity of any workings carried on or proposed to be carried on in the mine, of—

(i) any disused workings (whether mine workings or not);

(ii) any rock or stratum containing or likely to contain water (whether dispersed or in natural cavities);

(iii) any peat, moss, sand, gravel, silt or other material that is likely to flow when wet; and

(6) of taking such steps as may be necessary for the purpose of substantiating any such information which comes into his possession (whether in consequence of the discharge of the duty imposed upon him by the foregoing paragraph or not).

(2) In the case of every mine, the owner thereof and the manager thereof shall each be charged with the duty—

(a) forthwith after any such information as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection comes into his possession (whether in consequence of the discharge of the duty imposed upon him by that paragraph or not), of furnishing to the other particulars of the information; and

(b) forthwith after taking any steps in discharge of the duty imposed upon him by paragraph ( ) of that subsection, of furnishing to the other particulars of the steps taken and of any conclusion reached as a result of taking them.

76. —(1) It shall be the duty both of the owner and of the manager of every mine to take, with respect to any workings carried on or proposed to be carried on in the mine in the vicinity of the sea, a lake or river or any other body of surface water (whether accumulated naturally or artificially) such steps as may be necessary for ascertaining the total thickness of the strata lying between the workings and the surface water.

(2) In the case of every mine, the owner thereof and the manager thereof shall each be charged with the duty, forthwith after obtaining any information in consequence of the discharge of the duty imposed upon him by the foregoing subsection, of furnishing to the other particulars of the information obtained.

Part III

—com.

Duty of mine owners and managers to seek evidence of proximity of disused workings, water-bearing strata, Ac.

Duty of mine owners and managers to ascertain thickness of strata between workings and surface water.

880

Part in —corn. General duty to take precautions against inrushes of gas, water, &c.

Powers of inspectors with respect to danger from inrushes of gas, water, &c.

Ch. 76 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Fjj7 2

Act, 1954

77. It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine to take, with respect to every working in the mine, such steps as may be necessary to prevent any inrush into the working of gas from disused workings (whether mine workings or not) or of water or material that flows when wet (whether from disused workings or from any other source).

78.—(1) Where an inspector is of opinion, with respect to a working in a mine, that there is a danger of the occurrence of such an inrush into the working as is mentioned in the last foregoing section, being a danger that io his opinion is capable of being averted, and either no steps for averting the danger have been taken or steps that have been taken for that purpose appear to the inspector to be inadequate or improper, he may serve on the manager of the mine a notice specifying the working, stating that he is of opinion aforesaid with respect thereto, and that, as the case may be, no steps for averting the danger have been taken or steps so taken appear to him to be inadequate or improper, and imposing all or any of the following requirements, that is to say:—

(u) a requirement that the manager shall, before the expiration of such period beginning with the date on which the notice becomes operative as may be specified therein, execute such works for the purpose of averting the danger as may be specified in the notice;

(b) a requirement that, until such works have been executed, no person shall (save for the purpose of executing the works or saving life) be permitted by the manager to be in the mine or in such part thereof as may be specified in the notice;

(c) a requirement that operations for getting minerals in the working shall, to such extent as may be specified in die notice, be discontinued until such works have been executed, or shall not be continued otherwise than in accordance with such a system of working as may be so specified.

(2) Where an inspector is of opinion, with respect to a working in a mine, that there is a danger of the occurrence of such an inrush into the working as is mentioned in the last foregoing section, being a danger that in his opinion is not capable of being averted, he may serve on die manager of a mine a notice specifying the working, stating that he is of opinion aforesaid with respect thereto, and requiring that operations for getting minerals in the working be permanently discontinued and, if the inspector thinks fit, imposing*

1954 Mines and Quarries Ch. 10 881

Act, 1954

in addition, either or both of the following requirements, that part in is to say:— — .

(a) a requirement that the manager shall, before the expiration of such period beginning with the date on which the notice becomes operative as may be specified therein. execute such works for the purpose of protecting the rest of the mine as may be so specified;

(W a requirement that, until such works have been executed, no person shall (save for the purpose of executing the works or saving life) be permitted by the manager to be in the mine or in such part thereof as may be specified in the notice.

(3) The provisions of Part XV of this Act with respect to references upon notices served by inspectors shall apply to a notice served under either of the foregoing subsections, and any such notice shall, if it is so specified therein, become operative forthwith.

Duties of Officials and Workmen in Cases of Danger

79.—(1) Where inflammable gas is present at a place below Withdrawal ground in a mine in a concentration deemed for the purposes of of workmen this section to be excessive, the person in charge of the part of of the mine in which that place is situate shall comply with the following requirements, namely: —

(a) he shall forthwith cause all persons employed in so much of that part of the mine as appears to him to be affected (hereinafter referred to as the " affected area ") to leave it;

(b) unless he is the manager of the mine, he shall, forthwith after complying with the foregoing paragraph, inform his immediate superior and the person in charge of any other part of the mine appearing to him to be likely to be affected that inflammable gas is present at the said place in a concentration deemed as aforesaid to be excessive;

(cfr so soon after complying with paragraph (6) of this subsection (or, in a case where that paragraph does not apply, paragraph (a) of this subsection) as it is possible so to do without undue risk, he shall himself ascertain, or cause some competent person to ascertain, the condition of the affected area and the measures that it is necessary to take for the purpose of rendering it safe.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall, with the requisite modifications. apply where it appears to the person in charge of a

le

882

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

Part III part of a mine below ground that there exists at a place in that —com, part a danger constituted—

(a) by the presence of inflammable gas (whether or not the

concentration thereof is deemed for the purposes of this section to be excessive); or

(b) otherwise howsoever; ,

as it applies in the circumstances mentioned in that subsection.

(3) Where, on any occasion, persons have been caused to leave an affected area in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this section, no person shall thereafter be permitted to enter it until both of the following conditions are fulfilled, namely,—

(a) that inflammable gas is not present at any place therein in a concentration deemed for the purposes of this section to be excessive; and

(b) that the appropriate person is satisfied that it is free

from all danger (whether constituted by the presence i of inflammable gas or otherwise howsoever):

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be taken to prohibit a person from entering an affected area for the purpose of saving life, giving effect to paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section, rendering that area or any other part of the mine safe or ascertaining either the effectiveness of any measures taken for the last-mentioned purpose or whether, apart from this proviso, persons may lawfully be permitted to enter the i affected area.

i

(4) Where persons have, on any occasion, been caused to leave i an affected area in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this section, the person who caused them to leave it shall record j in a book to be provided for that purpose by the owner of the mine particulars of the reason for his causing them to leave that area and of the matters disclosed as a result of giving effect to paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section and subscribe his signature thereto.

(5) For the purposes of this section the concentration of inflammable gas present at a place in a mine shall be deemed to be excessive—

(a) if, being a place in—

(i) a safety lamp mine; or

(ii) a part of a mine other than a safety-lamp mine, being a part in which the use of lamps or lights other than permitted lights is unlawful;

the amount of such gas present in the general body of the air at that place is not less than two per cent by volume or, if a greater percentage by volume (not exceeding two and a half) is prescribed, that greater percentage;

954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

883

(6) if, being a place other than such a place as is mentioned Part 111 in the foregoing paragraph, either— —com.

(i) the amount of such gas present in the general body of the air at that place is not less than one and a quarter per cent, by volume or, if a smaller percentage by volume is prescribed, that smaller percentage; or

(ii) an indication of gas is seen at that place on the lowered flame of a safety lamp;

ind for the purposes of subsection (3) of this section the ippropriate person, in relation to an affected area, shall be the )erson in charge of the part of the mine which consists of, or Deludes, that area, except in a case where any of his superiors s present, and in the said excepted case shall be the senior )f his superiors present.

80. If it appears to a person employed at a mine (not being Duty of in official of the mine) that a danger affecting the mine or a -2?10 part thereof has arisen or is about to arise, he shall— report^danger.

(a) if the taking of measures to render the mine or part safe after that danger has arisen or to prevent that danger from arising, as the case may be, falls within the scope of his normal duties, forthwith take those measures; and

(b) if not, forthwith report the matter to an official of the mine.

Machinery and Apparatus

81.—(1) All parts and working gear, whether fixed or movable. Construction, including the anchoring and fixing appliances, of all machinery maintenance, and apparatus used as, or forming, part of the equipment of a machinery and mine, and all foundations in or to which any such appliances are apparatus, anchored or fixed shall be of good construction, suitable material, adequate strength and free from patent defect, and shall be properly maintained.

(2) Provision may be made by regulations—

(a) for imposing such requirements (in addition to those imposed by the foregoing subsection) with respect to the construction, installation, maintenance, use, testing, repair, adjustment, alteration and examination of such machinery or apparatus as aforesaid as appear to the Minister to be expedient in the interests of the safety or health of persons employed at mines; and

(b) for prohibiting the installation at mines of machinery or apparatus constructed in contravention of the regulations.

884

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 A3E&1

Part in —cont. Fencing of exposed parts of machinery.

Restrictions on use below ground of certain engines, Ac.

Air, gas and steam containers.

Loading of cranes, Ac.

82. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, evenly, wheel and every other dangerous exposed part of any maefcan used as, or forming, part of the equipment of a mine dal fe securely fenced; and where means of fencing are prescribed vft respect to any such part of any such machinery as aforesaid, he fencing provided in pursuance of the foregoing provisoes rf this subsection for that part shall be provided by those mem

(2) It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine toots: that fencing provided in pursuance of the foregoing subseefe is properly maintained and is kept in position while the pcs required to be fenced are in motion or in use, except ifa such parts are exposed for an examination or adjustment it is necessary to carry out while they are in motion or oseg all such conditions as may be prescribed are complied with.

83. No internal combustion engine, steam boiler or focomoft shall be used below ground in a mine otherwise than in acoori ance with the provisions of regulations in that behalf or with fc consent of the Minister or an inspector.

84. —.(1) All apparatus used as, or forming, part of thecqt^ ment of a mine, being apparatus which contains or produces u. gas or steam at a pressure greater than atmospheric pressat shall be so constructed, installed, maintained and used as & obviate any risk from fire, bursting, explosion or collapse or tk production of noxious gases.

(2) Provision may be made by regulations for prohibiting h installation at mines of such apparatus as aforesaid at places of such descriptions as may be prescribed and for requiring report to be made of the results of examinations thereof made in issuance of provisions of regulations having effect by virtue of section eighty-one of this Act.

(3) The Minister may at any time require any such appuas as aforesaid at a mine to be examined by a person nonmri by him and the manager of the mine shall give the neemj facilities for the examination; and if, as a result of the examn-tion, it appears that any report of the result of an examinatx* of the apparatus (being a report made in pursuance of regto tions having effect by virtue of the last foregoing subsector was inadequate or inaccurate in a material particular, the cos of the examination under this subsection shall be recoverable b» the Minister from the owner of the mine.

85. —(1) There shall be plainly marked on every crane, mb and winch used as, or forming, part of the equipment of a mar the safe working load or loads thereof, except that, in the cut of a jib crane so constructed that die safe working load may be

>54

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

885

Ch. 70

iried by the raising or lowering of the jib, there shall be Part III ttached thereto either an automatic indicator of safe working —com. •ads or a table indicating the safe working loads at correspond-ig inclinations of the jib or corresponding radii of the load.

(2) No person shall, except for the purpose of a test, load any ich crane, crab or winch as aforesaid beyond the safe working •ad marked or indicated thereon in pursuance of the foregoing lbsecdon.

(3) This section shall not apply to winding apparatus with rhich a mine shaft or staple-pit is provided or to any rope aulage apparatus, and regulations may provide that this section iall not apply to any other apparatus of a prescribed class.

Buildings, Structures, Means of , &c.

86, All buildings and structures on the surface of a mine shall Buildings and e kept in safe condition. junctures to

87,—(1) There shall be provided and maintained safe means of Safe means iccess to every place in or on a building or structure on the sur- of access and ace of a mine, being a place at which any person has at any

(2) Where a person is to work at any such place as aforesaid rom which he will be liable to fall a distance of more than ten eet, then, unless the place is one which affords secure foothold md, where necessary, secure hand-hold, means shall be provided >y fencing or otherwise for ensuring his safety.

Training and Discipline

88. It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine to Restriction on ecure that no person is employed thereat in any work otherwise doing of work ban under the instruction and supervision of some person com- ^"1" •etent to give instruction in, and supervise, the doing of that pcrsoD8’ pork, unless the first-mentioned person has received adequate nstruction in, and (where necessary) training for, the doing of

hat work and is competent to do it without supervision.

89. A person employed at a mine who contravenes— Penalization

. . , , , _ ., of failure to

(a) any transport or support rules having effect with observe

respect to the mine; or safety

(b) any directions given to him by or on behalf of the owner directions, Ac. or manager of the mine or any rule made by the manager of the mine for regulating the conduct either of all persons employed thereat or any class of persons so employed to which that person belongs, being directions given, or a rule made, for the purpose of securing

886

Part III

—cont.

Penalization of negligent acts or

omissions and unauthorised removal, &c., of articles.

First aid.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Fji7 2

Act, 1954

compliance with this Act. orders made thereunder or regulations or any transport or support rules having effect with respect to the mine or of securing die safety or health of that person or any other peraon employed at the mine;

shall be guilty of an offence.

90.—(1) A person who negligently or wilfully does at a mine anything likely to endanger the safety of the mine or the safety or health of persons thereat or negligently or wilfully omits to do at a mine anything necessary for securing die safety of the mine or the safety or health of persons thereat shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) A person (not being an official of the mine) who, without permission granted by such an official, removes, alters or tampers with anything provided at a mine for the purpose of securing the safety or health of persons employed thereat shall be guilty of an offence.

First Aid

91.—(1) It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine to secure the provision thereat of adequate facilities and equipment for the purpose of rendering first-aid to persons employed at the mine who, while so employed, suffer bodily injury or become ill.

(2) Regulations may—

(a) determine for mines of any class what are adequate

facilities and equipment for the purposes of the foregoing subsection;

(b) require the attendance at mines during working hours of

persons trained in first-aid treatment and the mating and carrying out at mines—

(i) as respects persons who, while employed below ground thereat, suffer bodily injury or become ill, of such arrangements for their conveyance from the place where they were injured or became ill to the surface as may be prescribed; and

(ii) as respects persons who, while employed thereat (whether above or below ground), suffer bodily injury or become ill, of such arrangements for their conveyance (where necessary) to hospitals or their homes as may be prescribed.

954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

887

Medical Examinations and Prohibition of Heavy Work Part III

92. Provision may be made by regulations for requiring young —com. persons employed or seeking employment at mines to submit themselves for medical examination and for prohibiting the^JJ^,on employment at a mine, either absolutely or in a particular persons* capacity or in particular work, of—

(a) a young person who upon being required to submit him-

self for medical examination in accordance with the regulations fails without reasonable cause to do so;

(b) a young person as to whom it is determined in accord-

ance with the regulations that, by reason of his physical or mental condition, he is unfit for such employment or for such employment in that capacity or in that work, as the case may be.

93. A woman or young person shall not be employed at a Prohibition of mine to lift, carry or move a load so heavy as to be likely to heavy work cause injury to that woman or young person. McTyoung

persons.

General Welfare Provisions

94.—(1) It shall be the duty of the manager of every mine to Sanitary secure the provision thereat (as well below as above ground) of conveniences, sufficient and suitable sanitary conveniences for the use of persons employed thereat being, in a case where persons of both sexes are, or are intended to be, so employed, conveniences affording proper separate accommodation for persons of each sex.

(2) All sanitary conveniences provided in pursuance of the foregoing subsection shall be kept clean and properly maintained and reasonable provision shall be made for lighting diem.

95.—(1) It shall be the duty of the owner of every mine to Measures take such steps as are necessary to secure that all parts of the against mine below ground are kept free from rats and mice, and pro- and vision may be made by regulations for requiring owners of mines1 to take steps for the destruction below ground therein of insects or any prescribed class of insects or otherwise for keeping parts of mines below ground free from insects or any prescribed class of insects.

(2) Nothing in this section shall be construed as excluding the application to parts of mines below ground of any of the provisions of the Prevention of Damage by Pests Act, 1949.

96. Regulations may impose such requirements with respect Welfare to the provision and maintenance, for the use of persons regulations, employed at mines, of—

(a) washing facilities, including soap and clean towels or other suitable means of cleaning and drying;

888

CH. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 &3Euz.2

Part 111 (6) accommodation and facilities for changing into clothing

—cont. worn during working hours and for storing and drying

clothing so worn and clothing not so worn; and

(c) canteens, or accommodation and facilities (including facilities for heating food and boiling water) for enabling such persons to partake of meals provided by themselves;

as appear to the Minister to be expedient for the purpose of securing the welfare of such persons.

Supply of 97* There shall be provided and maintained on the surface dtinking wator- of every mine, at suitable points conveniently accessible to &1 persons employed at the mine, an adequate supply of wholesome drinking water.

Part IV

Appointment of quarry managers.

Management and Control (Quarries)

98.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Act, no quarry shall be worked unless either—

(a) there is a sole manager of the quarry, being an individual

and every part thereof is within his jurisdiction; or

(b) there are two or more managers of the quarry, being

individuals, and the following conditions are satisfied, namely,—

(i) that every part of the quarry is within the jurisdiction of some one of the managers but not within the jurisdiction of any of the others; and

(ii) that the .parts of the quarry over which they severally exercise jurisdiction are defined by an instrument in writing executed by the owner of the quarry and lodged with the inspector for the district and approved by him by notice served on the owner.

(2) Approval for the purposes of sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (b) of the foregoing subsection shall, in the case of a quarry, not be withheld or withdrawn by an inspector unless he is satisfied that failure to withhold or withdraw it would or might be likely to result in the safety or health of the persons employed at that quarry being prejudiced.

(3) A manager of a quarry shall be appointed by the owns thereof who, if an individual, may appoint himself.

General powers and duties of quarry managers.

99. Subject to the provisions of the next following section—

(a) a sole manager of a quarry shall have the management and control of the quarry, exercisable subject to any instructions given to him by or on behalf of the owner of the quarry, and shall also have the duty of securing

954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

889

die discharge by all others of obligations imposed on Part iv them with respect to the quarry by or by virtue of the —com. following provisions of this Act; and

(b) a manager of a quarry who is not the sole manager thereof shall have the management and control, exercisable as aforesaid, of the part of the quarry over which his jurisdiction extends, and shall also have die duty of securing, so for as regards that part, the discharge by all others of such obligations as aforesaid.

100, —(1) In the case of any quarry, there shall be excepted

ram the management and control vested in a manager thereof tS^dude >y the last foregoing section any matter responsibility for matters from rhicfa is for the time being reserved to himself by the owner of manager's he quarry by instrument in writing executed by him and lodged control, nth the inspector for the district, and a manager of a quarry hall not, so for as regards any matter which, by virtue of the oregoing provisions of this subsection, is excepted from the oanagement and control vested in him as aforesaid, be con-eraed to secure compliance with any requirement imposed with espect to the quarry by or by virtue of this Act.

(2) If die inspector for the district is of opinion that, in the ase of a quarry, reservation to the owner thereof, by an instru-oent lodged with the inspector for the purposes of the foregoing ubsection, of responsibility for any particular matter is, or might le, likely to prejudice the safety or health of persons employed t that quarry, the inspector may, by notice served on the owner, lirect that the instrument shall, to the extent of the reservation, e of no effect

(3) Nothing in subsection (1) of this section shall be construed s audiorising the divestment of, or as operating to divest, a oanager of a quarry of any duty expressly imposed on him by >r by virtue of the following provisions of this Act.

101. —(1) Any instructions given to a manager of a quarry by Rights of

r on behalf of the owner thereof, being instructions affecting with

he fulfilment, in relation to the quarry, by the manager of respect to tatutory responsibilities of his shall, so far as they are not instructions written, be confirmed in writing by the person by whom they given by or rare given forthwith after the making of a request in that behalf °° hehalf »y that manager. ofowner-

(2) Except in a case of emergency, neither the owner of a [uarry nor a person acting on his behalf shall, except with the onsent of a manager of the quarry, give, otherwise than through hat manager, to a person employed at the quarry who is esponsible to that manager, any instructions affecting the dis-harge of that person’s duties in relation to a matter over which

890

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2&3&U

Part IV —cant.

Temporary

appointments

during

vacancy in

office of

quarry

manager.

Supervision by quarry managers.

the management and control vested in that manager by ninety-nine of this Act extends; and where the owner of j quarry or a person acting on his behalf gives, in either of thesah excepted cases, instructions which, apart from the except*, would be required to be given through a manager of the qwn' the person who gave the instructions shall, forthwith after has given them, inform the manager through whom, qc from the exception, the instructions would have been rapes to be given of the substance thereof and, if requested so to* by him, confirm them in writing forthwith after the nab of the request.

The foregoing provisions of this subsection shall notappha any instructions given to a person responsible to a manage* a quarry by a person who is himself responsible to that maap for those instructions.

102. —(1) Where a manager of a quarry dies, resigns orotk wise ceases to hold office, nothing in section ninety-eight of i Act shall prevent the quarry being worked at any time dnriagt period not exceeding seventy-two days (or such longer pea as an inspector may allow) until a successor is appointed, 2 l that time there is a person appointed by the owner of the qar to exercise and perform, in the event of that manager’s cod; to hold office, his powers and duties until a successor i appointed, being a person who has the like jurisdiction ts ts. manager had immediately before he ceased to hold office.

(2) A person appointed by die owner of a quarry as mentxoe in the foregoing subsection shall, so far as regards any pcx during which he acts in exercise of his appointment, be trafc for the purposes of this Act and regulations—

(a) if he is acting in the place of a sole manager of 3

quarry to which the appointment relates, in all respecs as if he were the sole manager thereof;

(b) if not, in all respects as if he were a manager of fe

quarry with the like jurisdiction as the manager: whose place he is acting.

103. —(1) No quarry of which there is a sole manager dal!* worked unless close and effective supervision over all opaaia in progress thereat is exercised by the manager or, during q period during which he is absent on leave or is prevented tm exercising such supervision by sickness or other cause bejtri his control, by a person appointed by the owner of the quanj to exercise such supervision during any such period, and» quarry of which there are two or more managers shall be void unless close and effective supervision is exercised by manager or, during any such period as aforesaid, by a penoa

>54

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

891

ppointed as aforesaid, over all operations in progress in every Part IV art of the quarry to which the jurisdiction of that manager —com. (tends:

Provided that nothing in the foregoing provisions of this subnotion shall be construed as requiring the supervision thereby nquired to be exercised by a manager of a quarry to extend to ay operation in so far as it involves matters which, by virtue f section one hundred of this Act, are excepted from the tanagement and control vested in him by section ninety-nine lereof.

(2) A person appointed by the owner of a quarry as men-oned in the foregoing subsection shall, so far as regards any eriod during which he acts in exercise of his appointment, be eated for the purposes of this Act and regulations—

(a) where there is a sole manager of the quarry to which the appointment relates, in all respects as if he were sole manager thereof;

(b) where there are two or more managers of that quarry, in all respects as if he were the manager whose absence or inability to act is the occasion for his acting in exercise of his appointment; ut nothing in the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall e construed as divesting a manager of a quarry of any power, r relieving him from any duty or liability, conferred or imposed n him by or by virtue of this Act.

184. Regulations may prohibit the carrying on at a quarry of Power to perations of a prescribed class unless the part of the quarry in hich operations of that class are carried on is within the juris-iction of a manager who has the prescribed qualifications, and whore oertam ay such regulations may— quarrying

(a) make such provision for rendering temporarily inapplic-able the prohibition thereby imposed as it appears to w the Minister requisite or expedient to make for the purpose of avoiding, in the case of a manager's ceasing to hold office, sudden cessation of the carrying on at the quarry of operations of that class; tb) provide that the last foregoing section shall not operate to authorise the working of a quarry by virtue of the exercise, over operations of that class, of supervision by a person other than a manager, unless that person has the prescribed qualifications; and k) confer upon a manager of a quarry who has the prescribed qualifications, with respect to instructions given by or on behalf of the owner of the quarry, such rights to require written confirmation of the instructions as a condition precedent to the execution thereof (whether

892

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 &3EUZ.2

Part IV —cont.

Duties of quarry

managers and owners with respect to reading of reports. &c.

Officials, Ac.

Notification to district inspector of appointments by quarry owners.

by himself or another) as it may appear to the Minister requisite or expedient to confer on the manager for the purpose of securing that the safety and health of persons employed at the quarry is not prejudiced or that the manager is not impeded in the discharge of duties imposed on him by or by virtue of this Act

105. —(1) It shall be the duty of every manager of a quany, with respect to each report, record or other item of information which in pursuance of this Act or regulations is entered in a book which by or by virtue of this Act is required to be provided for that purpose by the owner of the quarry, either to read it himself forthwith or to secure that it is read forthwith by some other competent person and that there is promptly brought to his notice any matter disclosed by the report, record or other item of information which relates to a matter over which the management and control vested in him by section ninety-nine of & Act extends and either is of an abnormal or unusual nature as regards the quarry or, not being of such a nature, is of a kind which will or may necessitate the taking of any steps by the manager or any other person.

(2) Where responsibility for any matter is for the time being duly reserved to the owner of a quarry, it shall be his duty, with respect to each such report, record or other item of information as aforesaid, either to read it himself forthwith or to secure that it is read forthwith by some other competent person and that there is promptly brought to his notice any matter disclosed by the report, record or other item of information which relates to the matter responsibility for which is so reserved and either is of an abnormal or unusual nature as regards the quarry or, not being of such a nature, is of a kind which will or may necessitate the taking of any steps by the owner or any other person.

106. Regulations may require the appointment by owners or managers of quarries, for the purpose of supervising, inspecting or conducting thereat, or in relation thereto, such operations or matters as may be prescribed, of such officials, engineers or technicians or other competent persons as may be prescribed, and regulations made by virtue of this section may prescribe the qualifications to be held and the duties to be discharged by the persons thereby required to be appointed.

107. Forthwith after the appointment by the owner of a quarry of a person to be a manager thereof, to exercise and perform, in the event of a manager thereof ceasing to hold office, his powers and duties until a successor is appointed, or to exercise close and effective supervision during a period when a manager of the quarry is absent or unable to exercise such supervision,

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

893

the owner shall give to the inspector for the district notice, in such form as may be specified by the Minister, of the making of the appointment and of the name and address of the person appointed.

Part V

Safety, Health and Welfare (Quarries)

108*—(1) It shall be the duty of every manager of a quarry to secure that any quarrying operations carried on in a part of the quarry to which his jurisdiction extends are so carried on as to avoid danger from falls (whether within or outside that part and whether of the minerals worked or any other substance).

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsection, every manager of a quanry shall secure that, in no part of the quarry to which his jurisdiction extends, shall the face or sides of the quarry or any gallery thereon be so worked as to cause any overhanging:

Provided that—

(a) if the Minister is satisfied with respect to any prescribed

class of quarries that, having regard to the system of working quarries of that class and the natural condition of the minerals thereof, fulfilment of the requirement imposed by the foregoing provisions of this subsection is unnecessary to secure the safety of persons employed thereat, regulations may provide that quarries of that class or such parts thereof as may be prescribed shall be exempted from that requirement; and

(b) if an inspector is satisfied with respect to a particular

quarry that, having regard to the system of working the quarry and the natural condition of the minerals thereof, fulfilment of that requirement is unnecessary to secure the safety of persons employed thereat, he may, by notice served on the owner of the quarry, exempt the quarry or such part thereof as may be specified in the notice from that requirement.

109. Without prejudice to die provisions of section eighty-seven of this Act as applied to quarries by this Part of this Act, there shall be provided and maintained safe means of access to every place at a quarry at which any person has at any time to work.

110. —(1) After the expiration of the period of two years beginning with die commencement of this Act, no ropeway and no vehicle running on rails shall, except in such cases and in iccordance with such conditions, if any, as may be prescribed, be used at a quarry for the purpose of carrying persons employed thereat to or from their working places.

Part IV

—con/.

Provisions for securing safe methods of working.

Safe means of access to working places.

Provisions relating to use of ropeways and vehicles.

le

894

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2&3Buu

Part V

—con/.

Lighting.

Dust

precautions.

(2) So long as vehicles running on rails are used at a qmnt there shall be provided, maintained and used, either at b quarry or on the vehicles or both at the quarry and <x tk vehicles, such safety devices as are necessary to prevent fe occurrence of accidents likely to cause bodily injury to pent* being accidents caused by any such vehicles’ running aim. and every device provided in pursuance of this subsection da-be of a kind designed to assume automatically the posto*: which it operates for the purpose for which it is designed, n in a case where there is good reason for not providing a denx of that kind.

(3) In addition to the provision, in pursuance of the last fa& going subsection, of such safety devices as are therein mention! there shall be taken, as respects a person who, otherwise tk as a matter of routine, is at work at a place in a quarry throqt which vehicles are running on rails or are accustomed so tore such steps as are necessary to protect him from bodily injv in the event of any such vehicles’ running away while he i at work at that place.

111. It shall be the duty of the owner of every quarry-

(a) to secure die provision, in each part of the quarry a

which persons work at a time when natural light i insufficient to enable them to work in safety and i: each part of the quarry through which persons pa at a time when natural light is insufficient to emhr them to pass in safety, of suitable and sufficient ari ficial lighting; and

(b) to secure that all apparatus installed at the quarry far

producing artificial lighting thereat is proved maintained.

112. —(1) Where, in connection with the carrying on of a process at a quarry, elsewhere than in a building thereat, there b given off dust of such character and in such quantity as to be likely to be injurious to the persons employed, it shall be the duty of every manager of the quarry to ensure that there ire taken in every part of the quarry to which his jurisdiction exteadi such steps as are necessary to protect those persons agaift inhalation of the dust.

(2) Where, in connection with the carrying on of any open tions or process in a building at a quarry, there is given of dust of such character and in such quantity as to be likely to be injurious to the persons employed, it shall be the duty of the manager of the quarry (or, if there are two or more manages, of that one of them within whose jurisdiction the building i situate) to ensure—

(a) that the entry of the dust into the air or its accumoJiboc in any place in circumstances in which its accumobthx

A

Mines and Quarries

Act; 1954

Ch. 70

895

in that place might be harmful is minimised by means Part V

of steps in that behalf taken as near as possible to the —com.

point of origin of the dust;

(b) that any of the dust which enters the air is trapped or so dispersed as to render it harmless; and

(c) that any of the dust which is not prevented from accumulating in a place in circumstances in which its accumulation in that place might be harmful is either systematically cleaned up and removed to a place where it cannot be harmful or treated an manner approved by the Minister for the purpose of rendering it harmless.

3) Regulations may impose upon managers of quarries such (uirements with respect to the use thereat of prescribed paratus and the taking thereat of prescribed steps as it may pear to the Minister requisite or expedient to impose for the rpose of attaining any of the objects mentioned in the forcing provisions of this section; and regulations having effect by tue of this subsection may provide either that compliance ;rewith by a manager of a quarry is to be taken, either without alification or to a prescribed extent, as compliance with all or y of the requirements of the said provisions or that compliance th the regulations by a manager of a quarry is not necessarily to taken as compliance with any of the said requirements.

113.—(1) Where the person in charge of a part of a quarry Withdrawal of of opinion that a danger exists at any place in that part, workmen in shall comply with the following requirements, namely:— cases of danger,

(a) he shall forthwith cause all persons employed in so much of that part as appears to him to be affected (hereinafter referred to as the " affected area ") to leave it;

(h) unless he is a manager of the quairy, he shall, forthwith after complying with the foregoing paragraph, inform his immediate superior or, in a case where he is responsible to two or more immediate superiors, each of them within whose jurisdiction any part of the affected area is situated, that the danger exists;

(C) so soon after complying with paragraph (b) of this subsection (or, in a case where that paragraph does not apply, paragraph (a) of this subsection) as it is possible so to do without undue risk, he shall himself ascertain, or cause some competent person to ascertain, the condition of the affected area and the measures that it is necessary to take for the purpose of rendering it safe.

(2) Where, on any occasion, persons have been caused to tve an affected area in pursuance of the foregoing subsection.

896

Part V

—com.

Miscellaneous provisions for securing safety of persons employed.

Application of certain provisions of Part m of this Act.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries;

Act; 1954

no person shall thereafter be permitted to enter it so long as the person in charge of it is not satisfied that it is free from if danger:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be taken to prohibit a person from entering an affected area for the purpose of saving life, giving effect to paragraph (c) of the foregoing subsection, rendering that area or any other part of the quany safe, or ascertaining either the effectiveness of any measures taken for the last-mentioned purpose or whether, apart from this proviso, persons may lawfully be permitted to enter the affected area.

(3) Where persons have, on any occasion, been caused to leave an affected area in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section, the person who caused them to leave it shall record in a book to be provided for that purpose by the owner of the quarry particular of the reason for his causing them to leave that area and of the matters disclosed as a result of giving effect to paragraph (r) of that subsection and subscribe his signature thereto.

114. —(1) Provision may be made by regulations with respect to any of the following matters, namely,—

(a) the generation, storage, transformation, transmission and

use of electricity at quarries and the use, construction, installation, examination, repair, maintenance, alteration, adjustment and testing of electrical apparatus and electric cables thereat;

(b) the supply, storage and use at quarries of blasting materials and devices;

(c) the provision and maintenance at quarries of apparatus for the purpose of preventing and combating outbreaks of fire thereat

(2) In this section the expression " blasting materials and devices " has the same meaning as in section sixty-nine of this Act

115. The following provisions of this Act, namely, section seventy-three, sections eighty to eighty-two and eighty-four to eighty-eight, section eighty-nine (save in so far as it relates to transport or support rules), section ninety, section ninety-one (save in so far as it relates to persons employed below ground) and sections ninety-two, ninety-three, ninety-six and ninety-seven, shall apply to quarries as they apply to mines with the substitution, for references to mines, of references to quarries and subject also to the following additional modifications, that is to say:—

to) for references in sections eighty-two, eighty-four, eighty-eight and ninety-one to the manager there shall be

954 Mines and Quarries Ch. 70

Act, 1954

substituted references to the owner and for references in section eighty-nine to the manager there shall be substituted references to any manager;

(b) the reference to winding apparatus in subsection (3) of section eighty-five shall be omitted; and

(c) for the words " on the surface of99 in sections eighty-six, eighty-seven and. ninety-seven there shall be substituted the word "at".

Part VI

Notification and Investigation of Accidents and Diseases

Notification

116. —(1) Where an accident occurs at a mine or quarry which auses the death of, or serious bodily injury to, a person anployed at the mine or quarry, notice of the accident, in such bnn and accompanied by such particulars as may be specified jy the Minister, shall forthwith be given by the responsible xrson to the inspector for the district and to such person as nay for the time being be nominated—

(a) in a case where there is an association or body represen-

tative of a majority of the total number of persons employed at the mine or quarry, by that association or body;

(b) in any other case, jointly by associations or bodies which

are together representative of such a majority;

o receive on behalf of the persons so employed notices under this ubsection.

(2) Where an accident causing serious bodily injury is notified mder this section, and after notification thereof results in the leath of the person injured, notice of the death shall, so soon is it comes to the knowledge of the responsible person, be given yy him to the inspector for the district and the person nominated is aforesaid.

(3) Where an accident to which this section applies occurs to

person employed at a mine or quarry and the owner of

be mine or quarry is not the actual employer of that person, he actual employer shall, if he fails to report the accident to he responsible person immediately, be guilty of an offence.

117. —(1) If the Minister is of opinion that any special class il occurrences at mines or quarries is of so dangerous a nature is to render it expedient that notice should be given under the ast foregoing section in every case thereof, he may by order attend the provisions of that section to occurrences of that class, vhether death or serious bodily injury is thereby caused or not

2 F

897

Part V —com.

Notification of certain accidents.

Power to extend to other dangerous occurrences provisions as to notification of accidents.

898 Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Buz.;

, 1954

Part VI (2) In any proceedings taken under this Act in respect of i

—com. failure to give notice of an occurrence of any kind at a mint

or quarry, being proceedings which could not be taken apart from an order under this section, it shall be a defence for the person charged to prove that he was not aware of the occurrence and that he had taken all reasonable steps for having occurrences of that kind brought to his notice.

Power to apply 118.—(1) The Minister may by order apply (subject to such

to diseases exceptions, adaptations and modifications, if any, as may be specified in the order) the provisions of section one hundred and of accidents, sixteen of this Act to the contraction, by a person employed at a mine or quarry, of any such disease as may be specified in the order.

(2) In any proceedings which, by virtue of an order under this section, are taken under this Act in respect of a failure to give notice of the contraction by a person employed at a mine or quarry of a disease, it shall be a defence for the person charged to prove that he was not aware that the first-mentioned person had contracted the disease.

Inquest in case 119.—(1) Where a coroner holds an inquest on the body of t

of djafi1 by person whose death may have been caused by an accident at a

accident. mine or the coroner shall adjourn the inquest unless an

inspector or some other person on behalf of the Minister is present to watch the proceedings, and shall, at least four days before holding the adjourned inquest, give to the inspector for the district notice of the time and place of holding the adjourned inquest:

Provided that—

(a) the coroner, before the adjournment, may take evidence

to identify the body and may order the interment thereof; and

(b) if the inquest relates to the death of not more than one

person, the coroner shall not be bound to adjourn the inquest in pursuance of this section if, not less than twenty-four hours before it is held, he informed foe inspector for the district of the time and place of foe holding thereof.

(2) Where evidence is given at any such inquest at which an inspector is not present of any neglect as having caused a contributed to the accident, or of any defect at the mine ot quarry appearing to the coroner or jury to require a remedy die coroner shall give to the inspector for the district notice of the neglect or defect.

954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

899

120. Where there occurs at a mine or quarry an accident or Part VI

>ther occurrence (being in either case one of which notice is —com.

squired by this Act to be given), no person shall disturb the Site of accident

>lace where it occurred or tamper with anything thereat before— or other

dangerous

(a) the expiration of three clear days after notification of occurrence

the accident or other occurrence in accordance withto 5? *2-*. • A undisturbed,

this Act; or

(b) that place has been both visited by an inspector and inspected in exercise of the powers in that behalf conferred by the provisions of this Act relating to workmen’s inspections;

whichever first occurs:

Provided that—

(i) nothing in this section shall prohibit the doing of anything by or with the consent of an inspector; and

<ii) in any proceedings taken in respect of a contravention of this section consisting of the doing of any act, it shall be a defence to prove that (the doing of that act was necessary for securing the safety of the mine or quarry or persons thereat.

Investigations

121. Where there occurs at a mine or quarry an accident or Power of other occurrence (being in either case one of which notice is required by this Act to be given) the Minister may, at any time,

direct an inspector to make a special report with respect thereto, accident

and the Minister may cause any such report to be made public or other

at such time and in such manner as he thinks fit. dangerous

occurrence.

122. —(1) The Minister may, where he thinks it expedient so Jj™"

to do, direct a public inquiry to be held into an accident or SSect pubSc

other occurrence at a mine or quarry (being in either case one inquiry into

of which notice is required by this Act to be given) and of its accident

causes and circumstances. * or other

dangerous

(2) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to any such inquiry.

(3) Where the Minister directs a public inquiry to be held into such an accident or other occurrence as aforesaid in Scotland, being one causing the death of any person, no inquiry with regard to that death shall, unless the Lord Advocate otherwise directs, be held in pursuance of the Fatal Accidents Inquiry (Scotland) Act, 1895.

2 F 2

900 Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 6 3 Eul '

, 1954

Part VII Workmen's Inspections

inspections of 123.—(1) For the purpose of enabling inspections to be canid

mines and Out at a mine or quarry on behalf of the persons empioyd

bdSf^f"1 thereat, a panel of persons each of whom has had not less tfea

workmen ®ve years practical experience of mining or, as the case nq employed be, of quarrying operations may be appointed for that mine * thereat quarry—

(a) in a case where there is an association or body repre-

sentative of a majority of the total number of perns employed at the mine or quarry, by that association* body;

(b) in any other case, jointly by associations or bods which are together representative of such a majority.

(2) The owner of a mine or quarry shall be under an oblation to permit such inspections to be carried out thereat t) members of the panel appointed therefor under subsection ti* of this section as will enable every part of the mine or qnxn and the equipment thereof to be inspected once at least in even month by two of those members together (of whom one at leu is employed at the mine or quarry).

(3) Where there occurs at a mine or quarry an accident * other occurrence (being in either case one of which noth is required by this Act to be given), any two membn of the panel appointed for the mine or quarry node subsection (1) of this section (of whom one at least is employed at the mine or quarry) may together inspect the place whoe tk accident or other occurrence occurred and, so for as nccesoj for the purpose of ascertaining its cause, any other part of tk mine of quarry and any machinery, apparatus or other thin thereat, and may take samples of the atmosphere at that place and of any dust or water thereat

(4) Nothing in subsection (2) or (3) of this section stall be construed as precluding the making, as respects a mine * quarry, of an agreement between the owner thereof and tk association or body (or, as the case may be, associations or bodies) by whom a panel therefor is appointed under subsectin

(1) of this section with respect to the carrying out by meobo of that panel, of inspections at the mine or quarry, so, howeva, that no such agreement shall operate so as in any way to abridge the rights conferred by the said subsections (2) and (3).

(5) On any occasion on which members of a panel appointed for a mine or quarry under subsection (1) of this section cany out by virtue of subsection (2) or (3) of this section or of any

?54 Mines and Quarries Ch. 70

Act, 1954

uch agreement as is mentioned in subsection (4) thereof, an ispection at the mine or quarry, they—

(a) shall be entitled to inspect any documents which by or

by virtue of this Act are required to be kept at the office at the mine or quarry or at such other place as may be approved by an inspector;

(b) shall be entitled to be accompanied by advisers of theirs,

but shall not be entitled to preclude from accompanying them any of the following persons, that is to say,—

(i) in the case of an inspection at a mine, the owner thereof and any person nominated by him, the manager thereof and any person nominated by him and any under-manager thereof;

(ii) in the case of an inspection at a quarry, the owner thereof and any person nominated by him and any manager thereof and any person nominated by him.

(6) On any occasion on which members of a panel appointed jnder subsection (1) of this section for a mine or quarry are, t>y virtue of subsection (2) or (3) of this section or of any such igreement as is mentioned in subsection (4) thereof, carrying 3ut an inspection at the mine or quarry, it shall be the duty of ill persons employed thereat to afford to those members such facilities and assistance with respect to matters or things to which the respective responsibilities of those persons extend as are requisite for the purpose of carrying out the inspection, and where the inspection is carried out by virtue of subsection (2) of this section or of any such agreement as is mentioned in subsection (4) thereof, it shall be the duty—

(a) where the inspection is carried out at a mine, of the

manager thereof; and

(b) where the inspection is carried out at a quarry, of any

manager thereof,

if requested so to do by the said members, to furnish to them any information in his possession which relates to the nature or extent of any workings proposed to be carried on in the mine or quarry.

(7) Forthwith after members of a panel appointed under subsection (1) of this section for a mine or quarry have, on any occasion, completed an inspection carried out thereat by virtue of subsection (2) or (3) of this section or of any such agreement as is mentioned in subsection (4) thereof, they shall make, in a book to be provided for that purpose by the owner of the mine or quarry, a full and accurate report of the matters ascertained as a result of the inspection and shall subscribe their signatures thereto.

901

Part VII —cont.

902

CH.70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Part VII —cant.

Prohibition of employment below ground in certain cases.

Provisions as to hours worked by women and young persons.

(8) Forthwith after a report has, in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection, been made of matters ascertained as a result of an inspection carried out at a mine or quarry, a true copy thereof shall be sent to the inspector for the district and another such copy shall be posted in some conspicuous position at the mine or quarry and kept posted there for a period of twenty-four hours.

Part VIII

Employment of Women and Young Persons Prohibition of Employment below Ground

124. —<1) No female shall be employed below ground at a mine.

(2) After such day as may be appointed by order of the Minister in relation to mines of any class, no male young person who has not attained the age of sixteen shall be employed below ground in a mine of that class except for the purpose of receiving instruction of such description as may be prescribed.

Hours of Work

125. —(1) The hours worked and the intervals for meals and rest for every woman or young person employed above ground at a mine or employed at a quarry shall conform to the following conditions, namely,—

(a) the total hours worked, exclusive of intervals allowed for meals and rest, shall neither exceed nine in any day nor exceed forty-eight in any week and, except in the case of a male young person who has attained the age of sixteen, shall not exceed eight hours in any day unless the intervals allowed for meals and rest between spells amount to not less than one and a half hoars;

(b) a woman or young person shall not be employed continuously for a spell of more than four and a half hours without an interval of at least half an hour for a meal or rest, so, however, that where an interval of not less than ten minutes is allowed in the course of a spell, the spell may be increased to five hours.

(2) The total hours worked by a young person employed below ground at a mine other than of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay (including intervals allowed for meals and rest, the period between the time at which he is required to attend for the purpose of going below ground and the time at which he arrives at his working place and the period between the time at which he leaves his working place and the time at which he returns to the surface) shall neither exceed nine in any day nor exceed forty-eight in any week.

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

903

126. —(1) The period of employment of a woman employed at Part VIII

i mine or quarry shall neither -begin earlier than six o’clock in the morning nor end later than ten o’clock in the evening or, on Periods of Saturday, two o’clock in the afternoon. fi^ksTjmd of

(2) The period of employment of a female young person em- malc young ployed at a mine or quarry or of a male young person who has under not attained the age of sixteen employed above ground at a

mine or at a quarry shall neither begin earlier than six o’clock in the morning nor end later than nine o’clock in the evening or, on Saturday, two o’clock in the afternoon.

(3) The period of employment of a male young person who has not attained the age of sixteen employed below ground at a mine shall neither begin earlier than six o’clock in the morning nor end later than ten o’clock in the evening or, on Saturday, two o’clock in the afternoon.

(4) In the case of a woman employed at a mine or quarry and in the case of any such young person as is mentioned in subsection (2) or (3) of this section who is so employed, there shall be an interval of not less than twelve hours between successive periods of employment.

(5) No woman and no such young person as is mentioned in subsection (2) or (3) of this section shall be employed at a mine or quarry on Sunday.

127. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section Periods of and to the following provisions of this Part of this Act relating employment of to special exceptions, the period of employment of a male young SSwnsovor person who has attained the age of sixteen employed at a mine sixteen, (whether above or below ground) or at a quarry shall neither

begin earlier than six o’clock in the morning nor end later than ten o’clock in the evening, so, however, that no such young person shall be so employed at any time on a Saturday after two o’clock in the afternoon or on a Sunday except in the carrying out of work of surveying, measuring, repair or maintenance, being work of a description which requires to be done at that time.

(2) In the case of any mine or quairy, the responsible person, if authorised so to do, may by notice posted at the mine or quarry give either or both of the following directions, namely,—

(a) a direction that the foregoing subsection shall, in relation to all such young persons as aforesaid employed at the mine or quarry, have effect with the substitution, for the reference to six o’clock in the morning, of a reference to such earlier time (not being earlier than five o’clock in the morning) as may be specified in the notice;

904

Part VUI

■HSWtfi

Notice fixing periods of employment, Ac.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Pjj7 2

Act, 1954

(b) a direction that that subsection shall, in relation to all such young persons as aforesaid employed at the mine or quarry, have effect with the substitution, for the reference to ten o’clock in the evening, of a reference to such later time (not being later than eleven o’clock in the evening) as may be so specified:

Provided that where, in relation to a mine or quany, a direction is given under each of the foregoing paragraphs, the directions shall be void if their combined effect is to extend the period of employment of the young persons employed at the mine or quarry by more than one hour.

Authority for the giving of directions under this subsection may be given—

(i) in the case of all mines or quarries or mines or quarries

of any class, by order of the Minister;

(ii) in the case of a particular mine or quarry, by notice served by an inspector on die responsible person.

(3) In the case of any such young person as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section who is employed at a mine or quarry, there shall be an interval of not less than twelve hours between successive periods of employment.

(4) Where such a young person as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section is employed at a mine or quarry on a Saturday after two o’clock in the afternoon, he shall not be employed at the mine or quarry after two o’clock in the afternoon on one of the days falling between the next following Sunday and the next following Saturday, and where such a young person is so employed on a Sunday he shall not be employed at the mine or quarry at any time on one of the days falling between that day and the next following Saturday.

128.—<1) It shall, in the case of every mine and quarry, be the duty of the responsible person to fix within the limits allowed by or by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act and to specify in a notice which shall be posted at the mine or quarry in such form as the Minister may specify—

(a) the period of employment for each day of the week for

the women and young persons employed at the mine or quarry whose hours worked are regulated by section one hundred and twenty-five of this Act;

(b) any intervals allowed for meals or rest to such women and young persons;

and no such woman or young person shall be employed at the mine or quarry otherwise than in accordance with the notice.

1954 Mines and Quarries Ca. 70

Act, 1954

(2) Different periods of employment and different intervals nay be fixed under this section for different classes of women and young persons employed at a mine or quarry and for different days of the week.

(3) A change in the periods or intervals fixed under this section with respect to women or young persons employed at a mine or quarry shall not be made until the responsible person has served on the inspector for the district, and posted in some conspicuous position at the mine or quarry, notice of his intention to make the change, and shall not be made oftener than once in three months, unless for special cause allowed in writing by the inspector for the district.

Special Exceptions

129. —<1) As respects male young persons who have attained Special

the age of sixteen and are employed (whether above or below temporary ground) at mines of coal in the counties of Durham, Northum- 88

berland and Warwick, the following provisions shall have effect

until such day (being not later than five years after the com- in Durham, mencement of this Act) as the Minister may by order appoint Northumber-in relation to those counties, namely,— Warwick.

(a) subsection (1) of section one hundred and twenty-seven

of this Act (save in so far as it relates to employment on Saturday after two o’clock in the afternoon or on Sunday) shall not apply;

(b) such a male young person as aforesaid may be employed

at a mine on a Sunday after ten o’clock in the evening provided that he has not been employed thereat at any time during the period of thirty-six hours ending immediately before he begins to be employed on that Sunday;

and the reference in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section to the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Different days may be appointed under the foregoing subsection in relation to the respective counties of Durham, Northumberland and Warwick.

130. Where on any occasion a male young person who has Special attained the age of sixteen remains, after the time at which his exception for period of employment ends, below ground in a mine for the emergencies, purpose of rendering assistance in the event of accident, meeting

any danger (whether actual or apprehended) or dealing with any emergency or with work uncompleted through unusual and unforeseen circumstances which requires to be dealt with without

2 F*

905

Part VIII —com.

906

Part VIII

—cent.

Register of women and young persons employed.

Supplemental.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3Euz.2

Act, 1954

interruption in order to avoid serious interference with oedm work in the mine—

(a) there shall be deemed not to be a contravention ct

the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act c relation to him; but

(b) he shall not, after his employment for that porpot has ended on that occasion, be again employed al tk mine until not less than thirteen hours have ehpg since he returned to the surface after his emptoyoer so ended.

Miscellaneous Provisions

131. —(1) It shall, in the case of every mine and quarry, k the duty of the responsible person to keep at the office at 6c mine or quarry, or at such other place as may be approved by a inspector, a register in such form as may be specified by & Minister and to enter in that register in such form and muss as may be so specified the name, date of birth, residence ut date of first employment at the mine or quarry of all wonc and young persons employed thereat, indicating, in the cased I male young persons employed at a mine, which of them n employed below ground thereat.

(2) It shall, in the case of every mine or quarry, be the dai of the responsible person to produce (if requested so to do) register kept by him in pursuance of this section to an officer (i the local education authority (or, in Scotland, the edocatia authority) within whose area the mine or quarry is situate.

(3) Before a male young person is first employed bdo« ground in a mine his employer (if other than the owner of tk mine) shall inform the manager of the mine or some other peon appointed in that behalf by the manager, that the young pen* is to be so employed.

132. —(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a peon employed below ground in a mine shall be deemed to be so ® ployed during the period between the time at which he is required to attend for the purpose of going below ground and the time a which he returns to the surface.

(2) There shall be deemed to be no contravention of any provision of sections one hundred and twenty-six to one hundn! and twenty-nine of this Act in relation to a person employes below ground on a shift in a mine of coal, stratified iroosfoot shale or fireclay, if there would be no contravention of tha provision in relation to him if he left the surface at the star time as the last workman on that shift and returned to tk surface at the same time as the first workman on that shift

954 Mines and Quarries Ch. 70 907

Act, 1954

(3) This Part of this Act (except subsection (1) of section one Part VB hundred and twenty-four) shall not apply to persons holding responsible positions of management or acting as assistants to

persons holding such positions or to persons engaged in clerical work above ground, being in each case persons who are not ordinarily engaged in manual work, to persons employed in, or in connection with, the sale or supply of meals or refreshments or to persons employed for the purposes of the treatment of the sick or injured.

(4) Where—

(a) a male young person who has attained the age of sixteen is, by virtue of a direction under subsection (2) of section one hundred and twenty-seven of this Act, employed at a mine other than of coal or at a quarry at a time later than ten o'clock, but not later than eleven o’clock, in the evening; or

(b) a male young person (whether he has attained the age of sixteen or not) is employed below ground at a mine at a time at which his employment would be unlawful apart from subsection (2) of this section;

his employment at the time mentioned in paragraph (a) or, as the case may be, paragraph ib) of this subsection shall be deemed not to be in contravention of the Employment of Women, Young Persons, and Children Act, 1920.

(5) Save as provided by the last foregoing subsection, the provisions of this Part of this Act shall be in addition to, and not in derogation of, the provisions of any other Act restricting the employment of women and young persons.

Part IX

Records, Returns and Information

133,—(1) Every book which, in pursuance of this Act or Form of regulations, is provided by the owner of a mine or quarry for official books the purpose of the entry therein of any report, record or other preserva-item of information shall be in such form as the Minister may faction Gf direct. entries therein.

(2) Every entry made in any such book as aforesaid or a copy of that entry shall be preserved until the expiration of three years after the date on which it was made or such other period (whether longer or shorter) as may be prescribed for an entry of any class and, until no longer required to be peserved, shall be kept at the office at the mine or quarry to which it relates or at such other place as may be approved by an inspector and be open to inspection by, or by a person authorised in that behalf in writing by, any person employed at that mine or quarry.

2 F* 2

908

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Part IX

—cont.

Records of certain appointments.

Provision of copies of this Act and other instruments.

Posting of notices.

134. Where an appointment is made—

(a) by the manager of a mine in pursuance of regulations having effect by virtue of subsection (1) of section twelve of this Act, or in pursuance of subsection (1) of section thirteen thereof or regulations having effect by virtue of subsection (2) of the said section thirteen, or in pursuance of section forty-two of this Act; or

(b) by the owner or a manager of a quarry in pursuance of regulations having effect by virtue of section one hundred and six of this Act; the person making the appointment shall forthwith make a record thereof; and a record made in pursuance of this section shall be preserved until the expiration of twelve months after the ending of the appointment evidenced thereby and, until no longer required to be preserved, shall be kept at the office at the mine or quarry to which that appointment is referable or at such other place as may be approved by an inspector and be open to inspection by, or by a person authorised in that behalf in writing by, any person employed at that mine or quarry.

135. At all times at which persons are employed at a mine or quarry there shall be provided thereat or near thereto suitable covered accommodation wherein shall be provided a copy of this Act and of every such instrument as the following which is in force with respect to the mine or quarry, namely, orders made under this Act, regulations, transport rules, support rules, any notice served under or by virtue of this Act by an inspector os the responsible person and any such rule regulating the conduct of persons as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of section eighty-nine of this Act; and all persons employed at the mine or quany shall be entitled to have access to that accommodation for the purpose of inspecting the documents hereby required to be provided therein.

136. —(1) At all times at which persons are employed at a mine or quarry there shall be kept posted thereat—

(a) a notice of the name of the mine or quarry, the name and

address of the owner thereof and the name or names of the manager or managers thereof;

(b) a notice of the name and address of the inspector for

the district; and

(c) a notice specifying the situation of the accommodatioo

provided in pursuance of the last foregoing section.

(2) Where, in the case of a mine or quarry,—

(a) regulations affecting it are made; or

(b) a notice is served under or by virtue of this Act by an

inspector on the responsible person;

>54

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

909

atice of the making of the regulations or, as the case may be, of Part IX

le service of the notice (specifying the regulations or, as the

ise may be, indicating the general nature of the notice) shall be

ept posted at the mine or quarry at all times during the period

f six months next following the making or service of the regula-

ons or notice at which persons are employed at the mine or

uarry.

(3) All notices required by this section to be posted at a mine r quarry shall be posted in such characters and in such positions s to be easily seen and read by the persons employed thereat, nd if a form is specified by the Minister for any such notice,

; shall be posted in that form.

137. The Minister may himself prepare and designate for the Furnishing to impose of the issue thereof in accordance with the following workers of revisions of this section to persons of any class employed at nines or quarries, a book containing such information with to this Act espect to so much of this Act, orders made thereunder and and orders egulations as in his opinion affects persons of that class, and and regulations uch other information (if any) as it appears to him requisite thereunder.

>r expedient to bring to the notice of such persons, or may ipprove for the purpose aforesaid any such book prepared by >r on behalf of an owner of mines or quarries; and, where a x>ok is for the time being designated or approved by virtue )f this section for the purpose of the issue thereof to persons >f any class, it shall, in the case of every mine and quarry, be he duty of the responsible person—

(a) to give (unless he has previously done so) a copy of

that book to every person on any occasion on which, after the designation or approval of the book, he begins to be employed at that mine or quarry as a person of that class;

(b) to give, as soon as it is practicable to do so, a copy

of that book to every person who, at the time at which it is designated or approved, is employed at that mine or quarry as a person of that class.

138.—(1) It shall be the duty of every owner of mines or Periodical quarries if directed so to do by the Minister, to furnish to him, returns by within such period and in such form and manner as may be owners, specified in the directions, such returns and statistics relating to the mines or quarries which he owns, and such other information (if any) relating thereto, as may be so specified.

(2) No returns, statistics or other information Obtained under the foregoing subsection shall, without the consent in writing of the person carrying on the undertaking to which the

910

Ql 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2&3Eul!

Part IX returns, statistics or other information relate, be —com. except—

(a) with the consent of the Minister, to a government dep. ment for the purposes of the exercise by them of & of their functions; or

(b) in the form of a summary of similar returns, statists: i other information furnished by a number of owna} ! mines or quarries, being a summary so framed is* to enable particulars relating to the undertaking particular person to be ascertained therefrom;or

(c) for the purposes of any proceedings for an offence ig this Act or any report of any such proceedings.

Notification of beginning and ending of certain

mining and

quarrying

operations.

139,—<1) In any of the following events, namely,—

(a) the beginning of operations for the purpose of ope

a mine or a seam or vein therein, the abandommsti a mine or a seam or vein therein, the expirafioed the period of two months beginning with the dnc which a mine or a seam or vein therein was last vofe for the purpose of getting minerals or products tbmd and the resumption of the working of a mine or a sen or vein therein after the abandonment thereof or afr the expiration of such a period as aforesaid; and

(b) the beginning of operations for the purpose of driraji

new shaft or new outlet of a mine, the abode ment of the use of a shaft or outlet of a mine, & expiration of the period of two months beguiex with the day on which a shaft or outlet of a miaul last used and the resumption of the use of a fid or outlet of a mine after the abandonment thereof or after the expiration of such a period as aforesaid;

the owner of the mine in question shall, within two weeks after the happening of that event, give notice thereof to the inspect: for the district:

Provided that, where a mine or a seam or vein therein abandoned after the day on which it was last worked fa the purpose of getting minerals or products thereof but beta the expiration of the period of two months beginning with tfc day, it shall not be necessary to give notice of the expiratkx that period, and where the use of a shaft or outlet of a mines abandoned after the day on which it was last used but befoitta expiration of the period of two months beginning with that dr, it shall not be necessary to give notice of the expiration of tint period.

(2) In any of the following events, namely, the beginning operations for the purpose of opening a quarry, the abandomuoi

54

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

911

a quarry, the expiration of the period of twelve months Part IX ginning with the day on which a quarry was last worked for .

e purpose of getting minerals or products thereof and the sumption of the working of a quarry after the abandonment ereof or after the expiration of such a period as aforesaid, the vner of the quarry in question shall, within two weeks after the ippening of that event, give notice thereof to the inspector for e district:

Provided that, where a quarry is abandoned after the day on hich it was last worked for the purpose of getting minerals or •oducts thereof but before the expiration of the period of twelve onths beginning with that day, it shall not be necessary to give Dtice of the expiration of that period.

140, —(1) Where a change occurs— Notification of

(a) in the ownership of a mine or quarry; or ownerelSpor

(b) in the name of a mine or quarry; name of mine

le owner shall, within two weeks after the change occurs, give or quarry.

3 the inspector for the district a notice stating the particulars f the change.

(2) For the purposes of this section a name shall be deemed 3 be changed if the spelling thereof is altered.

Part X Regulations

141. —(1) The Minister may make regulations for any purpose Regulations, or which provision is by this Act required or authorised to be

oade by regulations and for prescribing anything which by this Vet is required or authorised to be prescribed and generally for naking provision with respect to any matter or thing with respect o which it appears to the Minister requisite or expedient to nake provision for the purpose of preventing the occurrence of iccidents at mines and quarries, securing the safety, health or velfare of persons employed at mines or quarries or maintaining >roper discipline amongst them, for securing the proper care and reatment of animals employed at mines or quarries and otherwise or carrying this Act into effect; and it shall be the duty of the Vfinister to exercise the power conferred by this subsection as egards any matter the making of provision for which is by this Vet required to be made by regulations.

(2) No enactment contained in this Act making provision with respect to any matter or thing shall be taken as operating to preclude the making by regulations (consistently with that enactment) of provision with respect to that matter or thing.

(3) Any enactment contained in this Act authorising the making of provision by regulations without limitation as to the mines or quarries with respect to which the provision may be

912

Part X —cont.

Procedure for making regulations.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Fjj7 2

Act, 1954

made shall be construed as authorising the making of provision extending to all mines or quarries, any class of mines or quarries or a particular mine or quarry; any enactment contained in this Act authorising the making of provision by regulations with respect to mines of a specified class shall be construed as authorising the making of provision extending either to all mines of that class, to mines within any sub-division of that class or to a particular mine of that class; and any enactment contained in this Act authorising the making of provision by regulations with respect to mines other than of a specified class shall be construed as authorising the making of provision extending either to ah mines other than of the specified class, to any class of mines other than of the specified class or to a particular mine other than of the specified class.

(4) Regulations may—

ia) make different (provision with respect to different classes

of mines or quarries or different subdivisions of a class of mines or quarries and with respect to different parts of a mine or quarry and, in so far as they relate to persons or to things other than mines or quarries, make different provision with respect to different classes of persons and of such things and with respect to the same class of persons or of such things in different circumstances;

(b) grant exemptions from any of the provisions thereof or provide for the granting of such exemptions by the Minister or an inspector;

(c) make provision for any incidental or supplementary matters for which the Minister thinks it expedient for the purposes of the regulations to provide.

(5) In this Act (save where, in the provisions thereof relating to die re-enactment or continuance in force of instruments having effect under enactments repealed by this Act, the context otherwise requires) the expression " regulations " means regulations made under this section, the expression " prescribedp means prescribed by regulations and the expressions " general regulations " and " special regulations " mean respectively regulations other than those applicable to a particular mine or quarry only and regulations applicable to a particular mine or quarry only.

142, The provisions of Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the procedure for making general regulations, the provisions of Part II of that Schedule shall have effect with respect to the procedure for making special regulations and the provisions of Part III of that Schedule sh&Q have effect with respect to any inquiry ordered to be held under the said Part I or the said Part II.

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

913

143.—(1) General regulations may—

(a) be varied or revoked by subsequent general regulations;

(b) be rendered wholly or partly inapplicable, or varied in

their application, to a particular mine or quarry by special regulations applicable thereto.

(2) Special regulations may be varied or revoked by subsequent special regulations and may be revoked by general regulations, and a provision of general regulations which revokes special regulations shall be deemed not to be a special regulation.

Part XI Inspectors

144. —(1) The Minister may appoint such inspectors (under whatever title he may from time to time determine) as he thinks necessary for the execution of this Act, and assign to them their duties, and may appoint a chief inspector with an office in London, and may determine the cases and manner in which inspectors, or any of them, are to execute and perform the powers and duties of inspectors under this Act, and may remove such inspectors.

(2) It shall be the duty of the Minister to satisfy himself, with respect to any person whom he proposes to appoint to be an inspector, that that person will have no such interest (whether financial or of any other kind) as is likely to affect him in the exercise and performance of his powers and duties as an inspector.

(3) In the assignment of inspectors for duty in Wales or Monmouthshire, among candidates otherwise equally qualified, persons having a knowledge of the Welsh language shall be preferred.

(4) The Minister may pay to inspectors appointed under this section such salaries as he may determine.

(5) An inspector shall not be liable to serve on any jury.

(6) Such annual report of the proceedings of the inspectors as the Minister directs shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

145. —<1) An inspector shall, for the purpose of the execution of this Act, have power to do all or any of the following things, that is to say:—

(a) at any time (whether by day or by night) to enter a mine, quarry or central rescue station and to inspect the whole or any part thereof, anything thereat and any animals employed for the purposes thereof;

Part X —coni.

Variation, revocation, &c., of regulations.

Appointment and duties of inspectors.

General powers of inspectors.

914 Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 A3

, 1954

Part XI (b)to make such examination and inquiry as be —com. necessary—

(i) to ascertain whether, so far as regards a m* quarry or central rescue station or persons oranimk employed thereat, the following are complied wife namely, the provisions of this Act, orders mk thereunder and regulations, any direction, profafe tion, restriction or requirement given or imposed^ a notice served under or by virtue of this Act bye inspector and any condition attached to any eze^ tion, consent, approval or authority granted or ghu under or by virtue of this Act by the Minister or« inspector; or

(ii) to ascertain any matter appearing to fit inspector to affect or relate to the safety or heahkef persons employed at a mine, quarry or central reset station or the care or treatment of animals employ thereat and in particular (but without prejudice t the generality of the foregoing words) the causes ac circumstances of any accident or other occuneas at a mine or quarry, being in either case one of lie notice is required by this Act to be given;

(c) on entering any premises, to take with him a constate if he has reasonable cause to apprehend any serin obstruction in the exercise of the powers conferred c him by this subsection or, for the purpose of an examination or inquiry relating to the care or tiet ment of animals, a duly qualified veterinary surged; id) for the purpose of any examination or inquiry mis the foregoing provisions of this subsection—

(i) to require any person whom he finds at i mine, quarry or central rescue station, or whom he has reasonable cause to believe to be, or to ban within the preceding two months been, employ at a mine, quarry or central rescue station, to answer in the absence of persons other than a person not nated by him to be present and any persons what the inspector may allow to be present, such question as the inspector thinks fit to ask, so however, that no answer given by a person in pursuance i requirement imposed under this subparagraph dal be admissible in evidence against him in of proceedings;

(ii) to take samples of any articles or substance found at a mine or quarry and, in the case of a mint of the atmosphere therein; and

(iii) to take possession of any machinery, appan-tus or other article whatsoever at a mine or qnny

>54

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

915

which appears to him to have caused, or to be likely to cause, danger to safety or health and cause it to be dismantled or subjected to any process or test, notwithstanding that it is thereby damaged or destroyed;

(e) to require the production of, and to inspect,—

(i) any registers, books, plans or other documents which by, or by virtue of, this Act are required to be kept; and

(ii) any other documents, being documents which are in the possession or under the control of the owner or manager of a mine or the owner or a manager of a quarry and are relevant for the purposes of an examination or inquiry under the foregoing provisions of this section;

(/) to require the manager of a mine to mark on any plan of workings in the mine produced in compliance with a requirement imposed under the last foregoing paragraph the state, as at the time of the imposition of the requirement, of those workings or of such of them as may be specified in the requirement;

(g) to require any person having responsibilities in relation

to a mine or quarry (whether or not the owner or a manager or any other person employed thereat) to give him such facilities and assistance with respect to any matters or things to which the responsibilities of that person extend as are necessary for the purpose of enabling the inspector to exercise any of the powers conferred on him by this subsection;

(h) to exercise such other powers as may be necessary for carrying this Act into effect.

(2) A person who—

(a) fails to comply with any requirement imposed by an

inspector under this section; or

(b) prevents, or attempts to prevent, any other person from

appearing before an inspector or from answering any question to which an inspector may, by virtue of the foregoing subsection, require an answer; or

(c) without permission granted by an inspector, removes

from a mine or quarry, or conceals or tampers with, any machinery, apparatus or other article of which possession has been taken by an inspector under this section; or

(d) obstructs an inspector in the exercise or performance of his powers or duties;

lall be guilty of an offence.

Part XI —cont.

916

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 &3 Euz.2

Part XI —cont.

Power of inspector to require remedy for immediate or apprehended danger.

Grant of certificates.

The Mining

Qualifications

Board.

146.—<1) If an inspector is of opinion that a mine or quarry or any part thereof or any matter, thing or practice at a mine or quarry or connected with the control or management of a mine or quarry is or is likely shortly to become dangerous to the safety or health of the persons employed at the mine or quarry or any of them, he may serve on the responsible person a notice stating that he is of that opinion and giving particulars of the reason why he is of that opinion, and imposing upon the responsible person such prohibitions or restrictions or requirements (of whatsoever kind) as appear to the inspector to be necessary for the purpose of safeguarding the safety or health of the persons employed at the mine or quarry.

(2) Nothing in this section shall authorise the service by an inspector of a notice with respect to a mine in a case in which the service by an inspectof of a notice on the manager of that mine is authorised by section sixty-eight or seventy-eight of this Act.

Part XII

Grant, Cancellation and Suspension of Certificates

147. —(1) The first-class and second-class certificates of competency referred to in the foregoing provisions of this Act shall be granted by the Minister on the recommendation of the Mining Qualifications Board constituted under the next following section.

(2) If any certificate which by or by virtue of this Act is to be granted by the Minister on the recommendation of the said Board is defaced, lost or destroyed, the Minister may, on payment of such fee (if any) as he may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine and on such terms as to evidence as he thinks fit (and, in a case in which the certificate is defaced, on the surrender thereof) issue a duplicate of the certificate.

148. —(1) There shall be a Board, to be called the Mining Qualifications Board (in this and the next following section referred to as " the Board ") which shall have the duty of ascertaining the fitness of candidates for such certificates as by or by virtue of this Act are to be granted on their recommendation.

(2) The Board shall consist of a chairman and not less than seven nor more than ten other members appointed by the Minister, who shall include persons appearing to him to have experience respectively of mining, education and administration:

Provided that during any period during which the holding of a certificate granted on the recommendation of the Board is a qualification prescribed by regulations having effect by virtue of Part IV of this Act, the maximum number of the members of the Board, other than the chairman, shall be twelve

4 Mines and Quarries Ch. 70

Act, 1954

lead of ten, and of the members of the Board two shall be •sons appearing to the Minister to have experience in arrying.

3) Every member of the Board shall hold and vacate his ice in accordance with the terms of his appointment and shall, ceasing to be a member, be eligible for re-appointment:

Provided that—

(a) no appointment or reappointment of a member of the Board shall be for a term exceeding five years;

(b) a member of the Board may at any time by notice in

writing to the Minister resign his office.

(4) The Minister may pay to the chairman of the Board such nuneration and to all the members of the Board such owances as he may, with the approval of the Treasury, termine.

(5) The Board may act notwithstanding a vacancy amongst e members thereof.

(6) The procedure of the Board and the quorum thereof shall i such as may be specified in rules made by them, but rules ider this subsection shall be of no effect unless they are ^proved by the Minister.

(7) The expenses of the Board (including any remuneration 1 allowances payable to examiners appointed by them) shall be frayed by the Minister.

149,—(1) The Board shall make rules specifying the qualifi-itkrns required of persons in order for them to be recommended »r the grant of certificates which by or by virtue of this Act :e to be granted by the Minister on the Board’s recommenda-oq and the manner in which the possession of such qualifica-ons is to be ascertained and (where the rules provide for the jcertainment of the possession of qualifications by means of n examination held by the Board) specifying particulars of the lamination.

(2) The said rules may not only specify subjects in which roficiency is required and the degree of proficiency required l each subject, but may also require a person who seeks the rant of any such certificate as aforesaid—

(a) to have attained, before entering his name for any such

examination as aforesaid or before being recommended for the grant of the certificate, such age as may be specified in the rules;

(b) to have such .practical experience of such matters as

may be so specified;

917

Part XII

—com.

Qualifications for grant of certificates.

918 Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

Part xn (c) to have attended such courses of instruction as may be so specified;

() to be of good character.

(3) The said rules may provide for the granting of exemptions from any provisions thereof relating to the undergoing of emanations, the possession of practical experience and the attendance at courses of instruction in such cases as may be specified in the rules.

(4) Examinations the holding of which is provided for by rales under this section shall be held at such times and places as the Board may determine and shall be conducted in accordance with rules made by them; and the Board may (subject to the approval of the Minister as to number) appoint examiners for the purposes of such examinations and pay them such remuneration and allowances as the Board may, with the approval of the Minister and the Treasury, determine.

(5) Rules under this section shall be of no effect unless they are approved by the Minister.

(6) There shall be payable to the Board by persons who seek the grant of such certificates as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section such fees as may be specified in an order made by the Minister with the approval of the Treasury, and any fees received by the Board under this subsection shall be pud by them to the Minister.

Cancellation or 150,—(1) On the conviction of an offence under this Act of

uupemion of the holder of a certificate granted by the Minister under or by certificate*. virtue of this Act, the court by which he is convicted may, on ao application for that purpose made on behalf of the Minister, cancel or suspend the certificate in addition to or instead of imposing any other penalty to which the person convicted may be liable if, having regard to the nature of the offence and the circumstances in which it was committed, the court is of opinion that that person is unfit to continue to hold the certificate:

Provided that the court shall not exercise the power conferred by this subsection unless—

(a) notice of intention to make an application thereunder

has been served on the person convicted at the same time as the service or execution of the summons or warrant issued in pursuance of the information charging him with the offence of which he is convicted; and

(b) the said person has, on pleading to the charge, been given an opportunity to elect, but has not elected, to have the question of the cancellation or suspenskmof his certificate inquired into under subsection (3) of this section.

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act; 1954

Ch. 70

919

(2) Where, under the foregoing subsection, a court cancels or Part xn suspends a certificate held by a person, he shall have the same —com. right of appeal as if the cancellation or suspension were a sentence passed by the court on his conviction.

(3) The Minister may, in the case of a person who is the holder of any such certificate as aforesaid with respect to whom a representation is made to the Minister by an inspector or otherwise that that person is, by reason of incompetence or gross negligence or misconduct in the performance of duties of his with respect to a mine or quarry, unfit to continue to hold the certificate, and shall, in the case of a person who is the holder of such a certificate and has made an election under paragraph

(b) of the proviso to subsection (1) of this section, cause inquiry to be made into the question whether or not he is fit to continue to hold the certificate by a tribunal which shall have power to cancel or suspend the certificate if it finds that by reason aforesaid or, as the case may be, that having regard to the offence and the circumstances in which it was committed, he is unfit to continue to hold the certificate.

(4) The provisions of Part I of the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the constitution and procedure of the tribunal holding an inquiry under the last foregoing subsection and with respect to the holding of the inquiry.

(5) Where, under subsection (1) of this section, an application is made to a court for the cancellation or suspension of a certificate and the holder does not elect under paragraph (b) of the proviso to that subsection to have the question of the cancellation or suspension inquired into under subsection (3) of this section, no inquiry into his conduct shall be held by a tribunal under this section on the same grounds as those considered by the court; and where an inquiry is held by a tribunal under this section into the conduct of the holder of a certificate, no application to a court for the cancellation or suspension of the certificate shall be made under subsection (1) of this section on the same grounds as those considered at the inquiry.

(6) The Minister may at any time, if it is shown to him to be just so to do, restore a certificate cancelled under this section or shorten the period for which a certificate is suspended thereunder.

(7) A certificate suspended under this section shall, during the period of suspension, be of no effect.

(8) The provisions of Part II of the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the delivery up of a certificate to a court or tribunal and with respect to the subsequent proceedings with respect to a certificate so delivered up, and the provisions of Part III of that Schedule shall have effect for the purposes of the application to Scotland of Parts I and II thereof.

920

Part XD

—cont.

Fencing of abandoned and disused mines and of quarries.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3Euz.2

Act, 1954

(9) This section shall in its application to Scotland have effect as if in paragraph (a) of the proviso to subsection (1) for the words " or execution of the summons or warrant issued in pursuance of the information " there were substituted the words "of the complaint or indictment

Part XIII

Fencing of Abandoned and Disused Mines and of Quarries

151.—(1) It shall be the duty of the owner of every abandoned mine and of every mine which, notwithstanding that it has not been abandoned, has not been worked for a period of twelve months to secure that the surface entrance to every shaft or outlet thereof is provided with an efficient enclosure, barrier, plug or other device so designed and constructed as to prevent any person from accidentally falling down the shaft or from accidentally entering the outlet and that every device so provided is properly maintained:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to mines which have not been worked for the purpose of getting minerals or products thereof since the ninth day of August, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, being mines other than of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay.

(2) For the purposes of Part III of the Public Health Act, 1936, each of the following shall be deemed to be a statutory nuisance that is to say: —

(i a)a shaft or outlet of an abandoned mine (other than a mine to which the proviso to the foregoing subsection applies) or of a mine (other than as aforesaid) which, notwithstanding that it has not been abandoned, has not been worked for a period of twelve months, being a shaft or outlet the surface entrance to which is not provided with a properly maintained device such as is mentioned in that subsection;

(b) a shaft or outlet of a mine to which the proviso to the foregoing subsection applies, being a shaft or outlet with respect to which the following conditions are satisfied, namely,—

(i) that its surface entrance is not provided with a properly maintained device such as is mentioned in that subsection; and

(ii) that, by reason of its accessibility from a high way or a place of public resort, it constitutes a dange to members of the public; and

954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

921

(c) a quarry (whether in course of being worked or not) Part xm which— —con/.

(i) is not provided with an efficient and properly maintained barrier so designed and constructed as to prevent any person from accidentally falling into the quarry; and

(ii) by reason of its accessibility from a highway or a place of public resort constitutes a danger to members of the public.

(3) Any expenses incurred, by reason of the operation of •art III of the Public Health Act, 1936, by a person other than be owner (as defined for the purposes of this Act) of a mine or tuarry for the purpose of abating, or preventing the recurrence f, a nuisance under the last foregoing subsection or in reimburs-ig a local authority in respect of the abatement, or prevention f the recurrence, of such a nuisance shall, subject to any agree-lent to the contrary, be recoverable by that person from the wner (as so defined) of the mine or quarry.

(4) In the application of this section to the administrative ounty of London, for references to Part III of the Public Health tct, 1936, and to a statutory nuisance there shall be respectively ubstituted references to section two hundred and eighty-two of, nd die Fifth Schedule to, the Public Health (London) Act,

936, and to a nuisance which may be dealt with summarily nder that Act

(5) In the application of this section to Scotland, for references ) Part III of the Public Health Act, 1936, to a statutory nuisance nd to the abatement thereof, there shall be respectively substi-ited references to Part II of the Public Health (Scotland) Act 897, to such a nuisance as is mentioned in paragraph (1) of jction sixteen of that Act and to the removal thereof.

Part XIV

Offences, Penalties and Legal Proceedings

152.—<1) In the event of a contravention, in relation to a mine. Offences.

f—

(a) a provision of this Act, of an order made thereunder or of regulations, not being a provision which expressly provides that a person is to be guilty of an offence; or

(6) a direction, prohibition, restriction or requirement given or imposed by a notice served under or by virtue of this Act by an inspector; or

922

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act; 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Part XIV

—con/.

(c) a condition attached to an exemption, consent, approval or authority granted or given under or by virtue of this Act by the Minister or an inspector;

each of the following persons shall, subject to the following provisions of this Act, be guilty of an offence, namely, the owner of the mine, any person to whom written instructions have been given by the owner in pursuance of section one of this Act specifying as, or including amongst, the matters with respect to which that person is charged with securing the fulfilment in relation to the mine of statutory responsibilities of the owner, matters of the class to which the provision, direction, prohibition, restriction, requirement or condition relates, the manager of the mine, any person who is for the time being treated for the purposes of this Act as the manager, every under-manager of the mine and any person who is for the tone being treated for the purposes of this Act as an under-manager thereof.

(2) In the event of a contravention, in relation to a quarry, of—

(a) a provision of this Act or of regulations, not bong a

provision which expressly provides that a person is to be guilty of an offence; or

(b) a direction, prohibition, restriction or requirement

given or imposed by a notice served under or by virtue of this Act by an inspector; or

(c) a condition attached to an exemption, consent, approval

or authority granted or given under or by virtue of this Act by the Minister or an inspector;

each of the following persons shall, subject to the following provisions of this Act, be guilty of an offence, namely, the owner of the quarry, any person to whom written instructions have been given by the owner in pursuance of section one of this Ad specifying as, or including amongst, the matters with respect to which that person is charged with securing the fulfilment in relation to the quarry of statutory responsibilities of the owner, matters of the class to which the provision, direction, prohibition, restriction, requirement or condition relates, every manager of the quarry and any person who is for the time being treated for the purposes of this Act as a manager thereof:

Provided that—

(i) neither a manager of a quarry who is not the sole manager thereof nor a person who is for the time being treated for the purposes of this Act as such a manager shall, by virtue of this subsection, be guilty of an offence by reason of any such contravention which

54 Mines and Quarries Ch. 70

Act, 1954

took place in, or in relation to, a part of the quarry to which his jurisdiction did not, at the time of the contravention, extend; and

<ii) neither a sole nor any other manager of a quarry nor a person who is for the time being treated for the purposes of this Act as a manager thereof shall, by virtue of this subsection, be guilty of an offence which consists of such a contravention as aforesaid with regard to a matter responsibility for which is duly reserved to the owner in pursuance of section one hundred of this Act.

(3) In the event of a contravention, in relation to a mine, a person other than one mentioned in subsection (1) of this

:tion, of such a provision as is mentioned in paragraph (a) that subsection, being a provision which expressly imposes on at person or on persons of a class to which he belongs a duty requirement or expressly prohibits him or persons of a class which he belongs or all persons from doing a specified act, e person who contravened that provision, as well as the persons mtioned in the said subsection (1), shall be guilty of an offence, in the event of a contravention, in relation to a quarry, by person other than one mentioned in subsection (2) of this ction, of such a provision as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of at subsection, being a provision which expressly imposes on at person or on persons of a class to which he belongs a duty requirement or expressly prohibits him or persons of a class which he belongs or all persons from doing a specified act, e person who contravened that provision, as well as the persons entioned in the said subsection (2), shall be guilty of an offence.

(4) Neither the manager of a mine as such, nor a manager of quarry as such, nor a person who is for the time being treated r the purposes of this Act as the manager of a mine or a anager of a quarry, nor an under-manager of a mine, nor a Tson who is for the time being treated for the purposes of is Act as such an undercnanager shall, by virtue of subsection ) or <2) of this section, be guilty of an offence by reason of a ntravention by the owner of the mine or quarry of—

(a) any provision of this Act, of an order made thereunder

or of regulations, being a provision which expressly imposes on the owner of the mine or quarry a duty or requirement or a prohibition; or

(b) any prohibition, restriction or requirement which, by

virtue of a notice served under or by virtue of this Act by an inspector, is expressly imposed on the owner of the mine or quarry;

of a contravention of section three or one hundred and one this Act.

923

Part XIV

—cont.

926

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act; 1954

2 & 3 Elc

Part XIV —con/.

Liability of owners for breaches of statutory duty by their servants.

Liability of parents for unlawful employment of young persons.

Forgery of certificates, false

statements, &c.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall apply to a person whc for the time being treated for the purposes of this Act as under-manager of a mine, being a person whose jurisdictj is limited to part only of the mine, as it applies to an und manager whose jurisdiction is so limited.

159. For the removal of doubts it is hereby declared that owner of a mine or quarry is not absolved from liability to i damages in respect of a contravention, in relation to the mine quarry, by a person employed by him of—

(a) a provision of this Act, of an order made thereunder of regulations; or

(b) a prohibition, restriction or requirement imposed by notice served under or by virtue of this Act by j inspector;

by reason only that the provision contravened was one win expressly imposed on that person or on persons of a class I which, at the time of the contravention, he belonged, a duty l requirement or expressly prohibited that person, or persons] such a class or all persons from doing a specified act or, as fl case may be, that the prohibition, restriction or requirement J expressly imposed on that person or that that person was, j pursuance of this Act or regulations, appointed by a perse other than the owner.

160. If a young person is employed at a mine or quarry j contravention of the provisions of this Act, the parent of tl young person shall be guilty of an offence and liable, on $ud mary conviction, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, unle it appears to the court that the contravention occurred withoi the consent, connivance or wilful default of the parent.

161. —(1) If a person—

(a) with intent to deceive, forges or uses or lends to, <j

allows to be used by, another person a certificai granted under or by virtue of this Act by the Minista or makes or has in his possession a document so closet resembling any such certificate as to be calculated tj deceive; or

(b) for the purpose of obtaining for himself or auothe

person—

(i) the grant of any such certificate or the issoj of a duplicate thereof or the restoration of any sud certificate or a shortening of any period for whid any such certificate is suspended; or

(ii) employment as manager or under-manager o a mine or as surveyor for a mine, or employment it

54

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

927

an office the appointment to which is required by or by virtue of this Act to be made by the manager of a mine; or

(iii) employment as manager of a quarry or employment in an office the appointment to which is required by regulations having effect by virtue of section one hundred and six of this Act to be made by the owner or a manager of a quarry,

makes a statement which he knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly makes a statement which is false in a material particular, or produces, furnishes, sends or otherwise makes use of a document which he knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly produces, furnishes, sends or otherwise makes use of a document which is false in a material particular; or

(c) wilfully makes a false entry in any register, book, notice or other document required by or by virtue of this Act to be kept, served or given or, with intent to deceive, makes use of any such entry which he knows to be false; or

(d) in purported compliance with a requirement imposed by or by virtue of this Act to furnish any returns, statistics or other information or to inform a person of the substance of any instructions, makes a statement which he knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly makes a statement which is false in a material particular; or

(e) discloses any return, statistics or other information in contravention of this Act; or

(fl on being required under paragraph if) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and forty-five of this Act to mark on a plan the state of any workings, marks it thereon in a way which he knows to be false in a material particular or recklessly marks it thereon in a way which is false in a material particular; or

(g) falsely pretends to be an inspector;

ie shall be guilty of an offence, and liable—

(i) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to both;

(ii) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a

term not exceeding two years or to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds or to both.

Part XIV

—corn.

928

Part XIV

— can.

Removal or defacement of notices, Ac.

Prosecution of offences

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 But }

Act, 1954

(2) In this section the expression " forges " has, in the application thereof to England and Wales, the same meaning a$ m the Forgery Act, 1913.

162. If, without reasonable excuse, a person removes, injures or defaces—

(a) a notice which is for the time being posted at a mine

or quarry in pursuance of any provision of this Actor regulations; or

(b) a document which, in pursuance of section one hundred

and thirty-five of this Act, is for the time being provided in accommodation provided in pursuance of that section;

he shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

163. —(1) Any offence under this Act with respect to the trial of which no express provision is made by this Act may be tried either summarily or upon indictment

(2) A magistrates' court shall, in any proceedings for an offence under this Act, if required by either party, cause a note of the evidence to be taken and preserved.

(3) Where, in consequence of an accident or other occurrence at a mine or quarry, a special report is made in pursuance of tins Act by an inspector, a report is made by a person appointed under this Act to hold a public inquiry or a coroner's inquest is held, and it appears from the report or from the proceedings at the inquest that, at or before the time of the accident or other occurrence, there was a contravention, in relation to the mine or quarry, of—

(a) a provision of this Act, of an order made thereunder or

of regulations; or

(b) a direction, prohibition, restriction or requirement gives

or imposed by a notice served under or by virtue of this Act by an inspector; or

(c) a condition attached to an exemption, consent, approval

or authority granted or given under or by virtue of this Act by the Minister or an inspector;

summary proceedings against any person liable to be proceeded against in respect of the contravention may be commenced it any time within three months after the making of the report or the conclusion of the inquest.

(4) Summary proceedings against any person liable to be proceeded against in respect of a contravention of provisions of

1954 Mines and Quarries Ch. 70 929

Act, 1954

regulations having effect by virtue of subsection (1) of section Part XIV seventeen or subsection (1) of section twenty of this Act may —amt. be commenced at any time within three months from the late on which evidence sufficient in the opinion of the Minister to justify a prosecution for the contravention comes to the know-edge of the Minister.

For the purposes of this subsection, a certificate of the Minister as to the date on which such evidence as aforesaid came o his knowledge shall be conclusive evidence thereof.

(5) Where an offence is committed under this Act by reason >f a failure to give a notice, enter a report or do any other thing it or within a time specified by this Act, an order made there-mder, regulations or a notice served under or by virtue of this Act by an inspector, the offence shall be deemed to continue until the notice is given, the report entered or the other thing lone, as the case may be.

(6) In the application of this section to Scotland, for any reference to a coroner’s inquest there shall be substituted a reference o an inquiry under the Fatal Accidents Inquiry (Scotland) Act,

[895, and for any reference to evidence sufficient to justify a jrosecution there shall be substituted a reference to evidence iufficient to justify a report to the Lord Advocate with a view o consideration of the question of prosecution.

164. No proceedings for an offence under this Act shall, in Restriction on England or Wales, be instituted against any such person as is institution of nentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one

lundred and fifty-five of this Act except by an inspector or proceecUllgs'

>y or with the consent of the Minister or the Attorney General.

165. —(1) An owner or manager of a mine or quarry by whom Duty to report ire instituted proceedings against a person employed at the mine

>r quarry for an offence under this Act shall, within twenty-one lays after the conclusion of the trial of that person for that persons ffence, give to the inspector for the district notice of the result employed >f the trial and shall also, within twenty-one days after the con- at mines or lusion of any proceedings by way of appeal arising out of the quarnes* rial, give to the inspector for the district notice of the result of hose proceedings.

(2) For the purposes of this section the bringing of proceed-Qgs before the High Court to quash a conviction by order of ertiorari shall be deemed to be an appeal.

166. For the purposes of any proceedings under this Act in Liability of espect of the employment of children in contravention of section parents for ourteen of the Education Act, 1918, section seventeen of the unlawful Education (Scotland) Act, 1918, or section one of the Employ-

oent of Women, Young Persons and Children Act, 1920 (being ° chlldre,L

2 o

930

Part XIV —com.

Application of fines.

Division of mines.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act; 1954

enactments which prohibit the employment of children in factories, mines and quarries and, so far as they relate to mines and quarries, are incorporated with this Act), the references in section one hundred and sixty of this Act to a young person shall be construed as including references to a child within the meaning of the said section fourteen, the said section seventeen or the said section one, as the case may be.

167. Any sum paid to the Secretary of State in pursuance of section twenty-seven of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, in respect of a fine recovered under this Act shall be deemed to be Exchequer moneys within the meaning of that section and shall be paid by the Secretary of State into the Exchequer.

Part XV Miscellaneous and General Supplementary Provisions

168.—(1) Where two or more parts of a mine are worked separately, then, if the owner of the mine by notice served on the inspector for the district so requires, each such part shall, until the notice is withdrawn by a subsequent notice served by the owner on the inspector for the district, be treated for the purposes of this Act as a separate mine:

Provided that, where the parts of a mine worked separately, or any of them, have a common system of ventilation or any part of a system of ventilation in common, a notice under this subsection requiring that each pan of the mine that is worked separately shall be treated as a separate mine shall be of no effect unless it is approved by an inspector by notice served on the owner of the mine.

(2) A notice under the foregoing subsection requiring that each part of a mine worked separately shall be treated as a separate mine shall be of no effect unless it specifies the points of separation of all roads connecting the parts of the mine that are worked separately.

(3) If an inspector is of opinion with respect to a mine whereof parts are, by virtue of this section, for the time being treated for the purposes of this Act as separate mines, that the division of the mine prejudices or is likely to prejudice the safety or health of the persons employed thereat (or any of them), he may serve on the owner of the mine a notice directing that subsection (1) of this section shall cease to apply to the mine.

The provisions of this Part of this Act with respect to references upon notices served by inspectors shall apply to a notice served under this subsection.

A

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

931

169. —(1) Where it appears to an inspector that doubt exists Part XV h respect to the boundary between two adjoining quarries, —com. may, by notice served on the owner of the quarries in a case Demarcation ere - the same person is owner of both quarries, or on the of quarries, pective owners of the quarries in any other case, require that,

:ore the expiration of such period as may be specified in the dee, the boundary between the two quarries shall be deter-led by the owner or, as the case may be, by agreement between respective owners and as so determined shall be notified to : inspector for the district by written instrument lodged with l by the owner or owners; and the boundary as so notified in npliance. with the requirements of the notice shall, subject any subsequent variation so determined and notified, be Mned for the purposes of this Act to be the boundary between two quarries.

[2) In any proceedings taken in respect of the failure of the Her of one of two adjoining quarries who is not also the Her of the other quarry to comply with the requirements of a dee under the foregoing subsection, it shall be a defence to >ve that the failure was solely due to his inability to reach reement with respect to the boundary with the owner of the ter quarry.

170. —(1) The following provisions of this section shall apply Provisions as relation to any notice served under any provision of this to references :t or regulations by an inspector on the owner or manager of upon 1notices nine or the owner or a manager of a quarry, being a notice

tich is expressly declared to be one to which the provisions this Part of this Act with respect to references upon notices ved by inspectors are to apply.

2) If the person on whom any such notice is served or, in ase where it is served on two or more persons, any of them,

a counter-notice duly served on the inspector who served; notice demands a reference upon the notice, it shall stand erred to a person or persons selected by the nominated selects hereinafter defined) from amongst the members of that i of the panels of persons appointed by the Minister under this tion which is appropriate to the circumstances of the case:

Provided that, if the said selector is satisfied that special isons exist which render it expedient for him to act as eree instead of a person or persons selected as aforesaid, he iy direct that the notice shall stand referred to him.

3) On a reference under this section upon any such notice,

/ of the following persons may appear in person or be repre-rted, and may give evidence and call such witnesses as he nks fit, that is to say: —

(a) any person on whom the notice was served;

2 G 2

932

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act; 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

Part XV

—corn.

(b) any inspector;

(c) any association or body representative of a majority of

the total number of persons employed at the mine or quarry to which the notice relates;

() any other persons appearing to the referee or referees

to be affected by the notice or any association or body representative of any such persons.

(4) The following provisions shall have effect with respect to the quashing or confirmation of any such notice upon a reference thereon under this section, namely,—

(a) if no relevant ground of objection to the notice is estab-

lished to the satisfaction of the referee or referees, he or they shall confirm the notice;

(b) if a relevant ground of objection is so established, the

referee or referees shall quash the notice unless he orj they is or are of opinion that the objection .can be met by modification of the notice, in which case the referee or referees shall confirm the notice subject to such modification as appears to him or them to meet the objection;

and where the notice is confirmed subject to any modification it sbalTtake effect as modified.

(5) For the purposes of the last foregoing subsection—

(a) in the case of any such notice served under a provision

of this Act (other than subsection (3) of section one hundred and sixty-eight), any of the following grounds which are appropriate to the circumstances of the case shall be a relevant ground of objection, namely,—

(i) that compliance with a prohibition, restriction or requirement sought to be imposed by or by virtue of the notice is, wholly or to a particular extent, uni necessary, inadvisable for reasons of safety or impracticable;

(ii) that any period limited by the notice is insufficient for the purpose of enabling any worb to be executed or other thing done;

(b) in the case of a notice served under the said su

(3), the relevant ground of objection shall be division of the mine to which die notice relates neitbeij prejudices nor is likely to prejudice the safety or health of any of the persons employed at the mine;

(c) in the case of a notice served under any provision regulations, the relevant ground or grounds of objection shall be such as may be prescribed.

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act; 1954

Ch. 70

933

(6) Save as otherwise expressly provided by this Act or regu- Part XV ations, any such notice shall not become operative in any event —font. mtil the expiration of the period within which a reference

hereon may be demanded under this section or, if within that )eriod such a reference is so demanded, until the notice is xmfirmed by the referee or referees.

(7) The quashing under this section of any such notice shall icither be taken to prevent the service by an inspector of a fresh notice nor, if the notice became operative before it was quashed, affect the previous operation thereof.

(8) The Minister may—

(a) constitute such number as he thinks fit of panels of

persons from whom referees may be selected for the purposes of references under this section and, as respects each panel, may designate the cases in which it is to be treated for the purposes of this section as the appropriate panel;

(b) make rules for regulating such references and, in par-

ticular, for making provision with respect to the costs of such references (including the payment of remuneration and allowances to referees) and for specifying the form of a counter-notice under subsection (2) of this section and the period within which such a notice must be served;

and different periods may be specified by rules under paragraph

(b) of this subsection in relation to the service of counter-notices relating to notices served under different provisions of this Act Dr regulations.

(9) The reference in subsection (2) of this section to the nominated selector shall be construed as referring to such person as may for the time being be nominated by the Minister, after consultation with the Lord Chancellor and the Lord President of the Court of Session, to discharge the duty of selecting referees to act upon references under this section.

171. Where the natural language of communication of the Provisions as persons employed at a mine or quarry or of a substantial number to knowledge of those persons is Welsh, then, in considering the qualifications of candidates for appointments required, by or by virtue of this ’ agc Act, to be made in the case of that mine or quarry, regard shall be had to the possession of a knowledge of that language.

934

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.

Part XV

—cont.

Power of Minister and inspectors to grant exemptions for limited period from commencement of this Act.

Revocation and variation of orders and rules.

Parliamentary control of orders, rules and regulations.

Mode of service of notices

under this Act.

172. Where the Minister is of opinion, with respect to mint or quarries of any class, that by reason of the nature or amour of work involved, or of the shortness of the period during whic the mines or quarries are expected to be worked or other specs circumstances affecting them, it would not be right to requir compliance with a particular provision of Part 111 or, as tbi case may be. Part V of this Act forthwith after the com mencement of this Act, he may by order exempt mines oi quarries of that class from that provision for such period, ool exceeding five years beginning with the commencement of tfaii Act, as may be specified in the order; and where an inspector is of the like opinion with respect to a particular mine or quarry, he may by notice served on the responsible person exempt the mine or quarry from that provision for such period, not exceeding five years beginning with the commencement of this Act, as may be specified in the notice.

173. Any power conferred by this Act to make an order or rule shall be construed as including a power, exercisable in the like manner and subject to the like conditions, if any, to revoke or vary the order or rule.

174. The powers conferred by this Act on the Minister to make orders, rules and regulations and on the Minister and the Minister of Labour and National Service to make orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which (except in the case of special regulations or of an order expressed to relate only to a particular mine or quarry or a particular set of premises) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

175. —(1) A notice required or authorised by or by virtue of this Act to <be served on or given to an inspector may be served or given by delivering it to him or by leaving it at, or sending I it by post to, his office.

(2) A notice required or authorised by or by virtue of this Act to be served on or given to the owner of a mine or qoany may be served or given—

(a) where the owner is an individual, by delivering it to him, by leaving it at the office at the mine or quarry or by sending it by post addressed to him at his usual or last known place of abode or the proper postal address of the mine or quarry;

(b) where the owner is a body corporate, by delivering it

to the secretary or clerk to the body at their registered or principal office or by sending it by post addressed to the secretary or clerk to the body at that office;

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

935

(c) where the owner is a firm, by delivering it to any partner of the firm or by leaving it at, or sending it by post to, the office of the firm.

(3) A notice required or authorised by or by virtue of this Act to be served on or given to the manager of a mine or a manager of a quarry may be served or given by delivering it to him, by leaving it at the office at the mine or quarry or by sending it by post addressed to him at the proper postal address of the mine or quarry.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to the sending or lodging of any document as they apply to the giving of a notice.

176. —(1) Any power conferred by this Act or regulations on the Minister or an inspector to grant, give or impose an exemption, consent, approval, authority, direction, requirement, prohibition or restriction or to make a determination shall be construed as including a power exercisable in die like manner and subject to the like conditions, if any, to vary or revoke the exemption, consent, approval, authority, direction, requirement, prohibition, restriction or determination.

(2) Any exemption, consent, approval or authority granted or given under this Act or regulations by the Minister or an inspector may (subject to any express provision of this Act or regulations) be without limit of period or limited so as to expire on a specified date unless renewed, and may be absolute or conditional.

177. The Minister may charge, in respect of the testing by him of any articles with a view to the certification or approval thereof for the purposes of this Act or regulations, such fees as he may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

178. Any expenses incurred under or by virtue of this Act by the Minister shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament and any sums received under or by virtue of this Act by the Minister shall be paid into the Exchequer.

179. This Act shall apply to mines and quarries belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or to a Government department or held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes of a government department.

Interpretation

180.—(1) In this Act the expression " mine " means an excavation or system of excavations made for the purpose of, it in connection with, the getting, wholly or substantially by means involving the employment of persons below ground, of minerals (whether in their natural state or in solution or suspension) or products of minerals.

Part XV —cent.

Provisions as to exemptions, &c.

Fees for testing articles.

Expenses and receipts.

Application to the Crown,

Meaning of "mine "and " quarry

936

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

Part XV (2) In this Act the expression " quarry " means an excavation —com, or system of excavations made for the purpose of, or in connection with, the getting of minerals (whether in their natural state or in solution or suspension) or products of minerals, being neither a mine nor merely a well or bore-hole or a well and bore-hole combined.

(3) For the purposes of this Act—

(a) there shall be deemed to form part of a mine so much

of the surface (including buildings, structures and works thereon) surrounding or adjacent to the shafts or outlets of the mine as is occupied together with the mine for the purpose of, or in connection with, the working of the mine, the treatment, preparation for sale, consumption or use, storage or removal from the mine of the minerals or products thereof gotten from the mine or the removal from the mine of the refuse thereof; and

(b) there shall be deemed to form part of a quarry so much

of the surface (including buildings, structures and works thereon) surrounding or adjacent to the quarry as is occupied together with the quarry for the purpose of, or in connection with, the working of the quarry, the treatment, preparation for sale, consumption or use, storage or removal from the quarry of the minerals or products thereof gotten from the quarry or the removal from the quarry of the refuse thereof:

Provided that there shall not, for the said purposes, be deemed to form part of a mine or quarry premises in which a manufacturing process is carried on otherwise than for the purpose of the working of the mine or quarry or the preparation for sale of minerals gotten therefrom.

(4) For the purposes of this Act premises for the time being used for depositing refuse from a single mine or quany, being premises exclusively occupied by the owner of that mine or quarry, shall be deemed to form part of that mine or quany, and premises for the time being used for depositing refuse from two or more mines or quarries, being premises occupied by the owner of one of those mines or quarries (either exclusively or jointly with the owner of the other or any of the others) shall be deemed to form part of such one of those mines or quarries as the Minister may direct.

(5) For the purposes of this Act a railway line serving a single mine or quarry (not being a railway line falling within subsection

(3) of thus- section or a railway line belonging to a railway company) shall be deemed to form part of that mine or quarry and a railway line jointly serving two or more mines or quarries

1954 Mines and Quarries Ch. 70 937

Act, 1954

(not being a railway line falling within subsection (3) of this Part XV section or a railway line belonging to a railway company) shall —com. be deemed to form part of such one of them as the Minister may direct.

(6) For the purposes of this Act a conveyor or aerial ropeway provided for the removal from a mine or quarry of minerals gotten therefrom or refuse therefrom shall be deemed to form part of the mine or quarry.

181.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, in this Meaning of Act the expression " owner " means, in relation to a mine or " owner ". quarry, the person for the time being entitled to work it

(2) Where the working of a quarry is wholly carried out by a contractor on behalf of the person entitled to work it, the contractor shall, to the exclusion of that person, be taken for the purposes of this Act to be the owner of the quarry.

(3) Where two or more persons are entitled to work a quarry independently, that one of those persons who is the licensor of the others shall, to the exclusion of the others, be taken for the purposes of this Act to be the owner of the quarry.

(4) Where the business of a .person who, by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section is, for the purposes of this Act, to be taken to be owner of a mine or quarry is carried on by a liquidator, receiver or manager, or by some other person authorised to carry it on by an order of a court of competent jurisdiction, the liquidator, receiver, manager or other person shall be taken for the purposes of this Act to be an additional owner of the mine or quarry.

(5) This section shall, in its application to Scotland, have effect as if, for subsection (3), there were substituted the following subsection: —

" (3) Where two or more persons are entitled to work a quarry independently, and one of them has granted the right so to do to the other or others, that one shall, to the exclusion of the other or others, be taken for the purposes of this Act to be the owner of the quarry."

182.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires. General the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively interpretation assigned to them, that is to say:— provisions.

" bodily injury " includes injury to health;

" central rescue station " has the meaning assigned to it by section seventy-two of this Act;

" contravention " includes, in relation to—

(a) a provision of this Act, of an order made thereunder or of regulations; or

2G*

ie

938

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 &3Euz.2

Part XV

—cont.

(b) a direction, prohibition, restriction or requirement given or imposed by a notice served under or by virtue of this Act by an inspector; or

(c) a condition attached to an exemption, consent approval or authority granted or given under or by virtue of this Act by die Minister or an inspector;

a failure to comply with the provision, direction, prohibition, restriction, requirement or condition, and the expression " contravene " shall be construed accordingly;

M gas " includes fume or vapour;

" gravity operated rope haulage apparatus " means rope haulage apparatus worked solely by the action of gravity on a vehicle or vehicles attached to a rope forming part of the apparatus;

"gravity operated winding apparatus" means winding apparatus worked solely by the action of gravity on a part of it in which a load is carried;

" inset " means, in relation to a shaft or outlet of a mine, a heading, chamber or other space driven or excavated from the shaft or outlet, being a heading, chamber or space to which access can only be had from the shaft or outlet and not being a heading, chamber or space the sole or main purpose of the driving or excavation of which is the getting of minerals or products of minerals;

" inspector " means an inspector appointed undo* this Act and a reference to the inspector for the district refers, as respects a mine or quarry, to the inspector in charge of the district in which the mine or quarry is situate; !

" legal proceedings " includes arbitration;

"mechanically operated rope haulage apparatus" means rope haulage apparatus worked by a stationary engine;

" mechanically operated winding apparatus " means winding apparatus worked by a stationary engine;

" minerals " includes stone, slate, clay, gravel, sand and other natural deposits except peat;

" the Minister " means the Minister of Fuel and Power;

" notice " means a notice in writing;

" parent " means a parent or guardian of, or person having the legal custody of, or the control over, a young person, and includes, in relation to any young person, a person having direct benefit from his wages;

" period of employment " means the period (inclusive of the time allowed for meals and rest) within which a person may be employed on any day;

54

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

939

" permitted lights " means, in relation to a mine or a part of a mine, locked safety-lamps and any other means of lighting the use of which below ground in mines generally, in mines of a class to which that mine belongs or in that mine is authorised by regulations;

" prescribed " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection

(5) of section one hundred and forty-one of this Act;

" railway company " means any persons authorised by an enactment to construct, work or carry on a railway and includes the British Transport Commission, and for the purposes of this definition the expression " enactment" includes a provision of an order or scheme made under or confirmed by an Act;

44 regulations ", " general regulations " and 44 special regulations " have the meanings respectively assigned to them by subsection (5) of section one hundred and forty-one of this Act;

44 responsible person " means, in relation to a mine, the manager thereof and, in relation to a quarry, the owner thereof;

44 road " does not include an unwalkaible outlet;

" rope " includes chain;

44 rope haulage apparatus " means apparatus for transporting loads in vehicles attached to ropes;

44safety-lamp mine" means a mine in no part of which below ground is the use of lamps or lights other than permitted lights lawful;

44 safety-lamp part of a mine " means a part of a mine other than a safety-lamp mine, being a part below ground in which either the use of lamps or lights other than permitted lights is unlawful or safety-lamps are for the time being in use by way of temporary precaution;

44 sanitary conveniences " includes urinals, water-closets, earth-closets, ash-pits, privies and any similar convenience;

44 shaft " means a shaft the top of which is, or is intended to be, at the surface;

44 staple-pit " includes winze;

44 statutory responsibilities " means responsibilities under this Act, orders made thereunder and regulations;

44support rules" has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section fifty-four of this Act;

44 transport rules " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section thirty-seven of this Act;

20*2

Part XV —mmt.

940

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2&3EUZ.2

Part XV —cont.

" unwalkable outlet " means an outlet which, owing to the gradient thereof or of any part thereof (whether alone . or in combination with other circumstances), persons cannot walk up with reasonable convenience;

" week " means the period between midnight on Saturday night and midnight on the succeeding Saturday night;

" winding apparatus " means, in relation to a mine shaft or staple-pit, apparatus for lowering and raising loads through the shaft or staple-pit;

" woman " means a woman who has attained the age of eighteen;

" young person " means a person who is over compulsory school age but has not attained the age of eighteen.

(2) For the purposes of this Act mine workings having a common system of ventilation, or any part of a system of ventilation in common, shall be deemed to form part of the same mine.

(3) For the purposes of this Act—

(a) the working of a mine shall be deemed to include the

operation of driving a shaft or outlet therefor;

(b) the working of a quarry shall be deemed to include the

operation of removing overburden thereat;

(c) a mine or quarry shall be deemed to be worked notwithstanding that the only operations carried on thereat are operations carried on with a view to abandoning the mine or quarry or for the purpose of preventing the flow therefrom into an adjacent mine or quarry of water or material that flows when wet, but shall not be deemed to be worked by reason only that pumping operations are carried on thereat for the purpose of supplying water to any person.

(4) References in this Act to the use of safety-lamps by way of temporary precaution shall, in relation to a mine, be construed as references to the occasional or intermittent use of locked safety-lamps by workmen employed below ground in the mine in a place in which the use of naked lights might be dangerous and, in relation to a part of a mine below ground, be construed as references to the occasional or intermittent use of locked safety-lamps by workmen employed in that part in such a place.

(5) References in this Act to any other enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended, extended or applied by or under any subsequent enactment including, except where the context otherwise requires, this Act

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

941

183.—(1) For the purposes of this Act an excavation or part xv system of excavations made for training purposes shall be —com. deemed to be a mine, and the use for those purposes of any Application premises which are a mine as defined by subsection (1) of section of Act to one hundred and eighty of this Act or are, by virtue of this Junes'8 section, deemed to be a mine shall be deemed, for the pur- 1 es* poses of this Act, to constitute the working of the mine; but the Minister may by order direct that this Act shall, in its application to any such premises as aforesaid which are used exclusively for training purposes, have effect subject to such exceptions, adaptations and modifications as may be specified in the order.

(2) In this section the expression " training purposes " means the purposes of instructing or training below ground persons in, or in any work connected with, mining minerals.

Relationship of Factories Acts and this Act in case of certain premises

184.—(1) None of the provisions of the Factories Acts, 1937 Relationship and 1948, shall apply to any premises forming part of a mine or of Factories ouarrv Acts and this

quarry. Act in case of

(2) In the case of any premises to which all or any of the certain provisions of the Factories Acts, 1937 and 1948, would apply premises, but for subsection (1) of this section, the Ministers may by order direct that that subsection shall not apply to the premises and that the premises shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as not forming part of a mine or quarry.

(3) In the case of any premises to which all or any of the provisions of the Factories Acts, 1937 and 1948, apply, being premises which, but for the proviso to subsection (3) of section one hundred and eighty of this Act, would be deemed for the purposes of this Act to form part of a mine or quarry, the Ministers may by order direct that neither any of the provisions of those Acts nor that proviso shall apply to the premises.

(4) In the case of premises which are a factory within the meaning of the Factories Acts, 1937 and 1948, or to which all or any of the provisions of those Acts apply as if the premises were such a factory, being premises which, though not forming part of a mine or quarry, are occupied by the owner of a mine or quarry and used solely for the purpose of the provision or supply for or to a single mine or quarry, or jointly for or to more than one mine or quarry, of services or electricity, the Ministers may by order direct that, while the order is in force, none of the provisions of the Factories Acts, 1937 and 1948, shall apply to the premises and the premises shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to form part of the mine or quarry or, as the case may be. of such one of them as may be specified in the order.

(5) References in subsections (1) to (4) of this section to provisions of the Factories Acts, 1937 and 1948, shall be construed

942

Part XV —cont.

Repeal, in part, of s. 2 of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 31.

Repeal of s. 21 of 16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 28.

Application of Part XTV oi this Act to enactments relating to check-weighing and hours of work below ground.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Buz. 2

Act, 1954

as exclusive of references to sections one hundred and seven and one hundred and eight of the Factories Act, 1937 (which respectively apply other provisions of that Act to building operations undertaken by way of trade or business or for the purposes of any industrial or commercial undertaking and to works of engineering construction so undertaken) and to the other provisions of those Acts in so far as, by virtue of the said sections one hundred and seven and one hundred and eight, they are applicable to such operations or works; but—

(a) the said section one hundred and seven shall not apply

to any building operations undertaken below ground in a mine; and

(b) the said section one hundred and eight shall not apply

to any works of engineering construction undertaken at a mine (whether above or below ground) or at a quarry.

(6) Where any machinery or apparatus is situate partly in a mine or quarry and partly in a factory within the meaning of the Factories Acts, 1937 and 1948, the Ministers may by order direct that it shall be deemed, for the purposes of this Act and the Factories Acts, 1937 and 1948, either to be wholly situate in the mine or quarry and not to be situate in the factory or to be wholly situate in the factory and not to be situate in the mine or quarry.

(7) In this section the expression " the Ministers " means the Minister and the Minister of Labour and National Service and references to building operations and works of engineering construction shall be construed in like manner as if they were references contained in the Factories Act, 1937.

Repeals, Savings, Transitional Provisions, Ac.

185. So much of section two of the Payment of Wages in Public Houses Prohibition Act, 1883, as excludes from die definition of "workman " contained in that section a person employed in a mine to which the Coal Mines Act, 1911, or the Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872, applies shall cease to have effect.

186. Section twenty-one of the Mining Industry Act, 1926 (which enables provision to be made for the establishment of joint committees for coal mines) shall cease to have effect

187. —(1) The provisions of Part XIV of this Act shall have effect as if the provisions of the Coal Mines Regulation Act 1887, the Coal Mines (Check Weigher) Act, 1894, and the Coal Mines (Weighing of Minerals) Act, 1905 (which relate to check weighing), and of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1908 (which relates to hours of work below ground), were included in this Act

(2) Expressions used in the provisions of the said Acts to which meanings are assigned by this Act for the purposes thereof shall

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

943

have those meanings for the purposes of the said pro and Part XV

a person who is for the time being treated for the purposes of this —cont. Act as the manager of a mine shall also be treated for the purposes of the said Act of 1908 as the manager of that mine.

188. The enactments specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Minor and

Act shall have effect subject to the amendments respectively specified in relation thereto in that Schedule (being minor amend- Jientsof ments and amendments consequential on the provisions of this other Act). enactments.

189. The enactments mentioned in the first and second General columns of the Fifth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed repeals, to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule, and Regulation sixty A of the Defence (General) Regulations. 1939.

is hereby revoked.

190. —(1) The Minister may by order made before, but Power of

expressed to come into operation at, the commencement of this Minister to Act, re-enact (to the extent to which they could, by virtue of this continuMce in Act, be enacted in regulations made under section one hundred force of certain and forty-one thereof)— regulations and

(a) provisions of any regulation having effect by virtue of enactments.

section eighty-six of the Coal Mines Act, 1911, or of any order having effect by virtue of section sixty-one of that Act;

(b) provisions of any enactment repealed by the last fore-

going section in so far as that enactment is not reenacted in this Act;

subject to such modifications (if any) as appear to him to be consequential on the passing of this Act or requisite for the purpose either of bringing those provisions into conformity with this Act or of expressly limiting their operation to mines or quarries of the class to which their operation is limited immediately before the commencement of this Act.

(2) An order under the foregoing subsection shall set out in a schedule to the order the provisions thereby re-enacted, and may direct that those provisions shall have effect as if they were regulations made under section one hundred and forty-one of this Act and provide for the mode of citation thereof and may contain provision with respect to any matters for which it appears to the Minister expedient to provide for the purposes of the transition to the provisions of the order from the provisions of the regulation, order or enactment thereby re-enacted.

(3) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the power conferred by subsection (1) of this section extends, in a case where provision is made by this Act for the granting by regulations of exemptions from an enactment contained therein

944

Part XV

—corn

Genera]

savings.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

(being an enactment which re-enacts, with or without modifications, a provision of a regulation having effect by virtue of section eighty-six of the Coal Mines Act, 1911, or of an enactment repealed by the last foregoing section), to the re-enactment, by way of exemption from the first-mentioned enactment (but not to a greater extent than is authorised by this Act), of any exception or exemption subject to which the provision re-enacted had effect

191.—(1) Nothing in this Act shall affect—

(a) any special regulation made under an enactment repealed

by this Act;

(b) any rule made by the Mining Qualifications Board con-

stituted under the Coal Mines Act 1911;

(c) any order with respect to fees, notification of accidents

or the manner in which persons are to be searched, being an order made under an enactment repealed by this Act or by the said Act of 1911;

() any rule made under section fifty of the said Act of

1911; or

(e) any certificate issued, exemption, consent, approval, per-

mission or authority granted or any other thing done under an enactment repealed by this Act;

but any such regulation, rule or order so made or any certificate, exemption, consent, approval, permission, authority or thing so issued, granted or done shall, if in force at the commencement of this Act and so far as it could have been made, issued, granted or done under this Act, have effect as if it had been so made, issued, granted or done.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall affect any special rule established under an enactment repealed by this Act, but any such rule so established shall, if in force at the commencement of this Act and so far as it could, had it been a regulation, have been made under this Act, have effect as if it had been a regulation so made.

(3) Any document referring to any Act or enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring to this Act or the corresponding enactment in this Act.

(4) Any inquiry or formal investigation under section eleven or eighty-three of the Coal Mines Act, 1911, which is uncompleted at the commencement of this Act may be carried on and completed in all respects as if this Act had not passed.

(5) Any person holding office or acting or serving under or by virtue of an enactment repealed by this Act shall continue to hold office or to act or serve as if he had been appointed under or by virtue of the corresponding enactment in this Act

1954 Mines and Quarries Cn 70

Act, 1954

(6) Any register kept under an enactment repealed by this Act shall be deemed part of the register to be kept under the corresponding enactment in this Act.

(7) Nothing in this Act shall affect the definition of "mine " for the purposes of the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment)

Act. 1928.

(8) The mention of particular matters in this section shall be without prejudice to the general application of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, with regard to the effect of repeals.

192. A person who, immediately before the commencement Saving for of this Act, is, by virtue of subsection (3) of section two of the persons Coal Mines Act, 1911, exercising and performing, in relation ^tosniall to a mine of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay then min* at corn-exempt from the provisions of that section, the powers and duties mencement of conferred and imposed by that Act on the manager of a mine, this Act. may be manager of that mine or another mine of coal, stratified ironstone, shale or fireclay at any time at which the number of

persons employed below ground in the mine does not exceed thirty and no direction is in force with respect to the mine under paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section four of this Act or under subsection (3) of that section, notwithstanding that he does not possess the qualifications required by this Act for appointment as manager thereof.

193. No provision of this Act, of any order made thereunder Saving for

or of regulations shall be construed as derogating from any rule common law of law with respect to the duties owed by masters to their .

servants (including, in particular, but without prejudice to the wor ’ generality of the foregoing words, the duty to provide a safe

system of working), and section one of tins Act shall not be construed as derogating from any obligation imposed by or by virtue of any other provision of this Act upon the owner of a mine or quarry.

194. This Act, except sections one hundred and seventy-two commence-and one hundred and ninety thereof, shall come into opera- meat.

tion on such day as the Minister may by order appoint, and those sections shall come into operation on the passing of this Act; and for the purposes of this Act and of the application thereto of section thirty-seven of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the exercise of statutory powers between the passing and the commencement of an Act) references to the commencement of this Act shall, notwithstanding the provisions of section thirty-six of the said Act of 1889 with respect to the construction of the expression " commencement ", be construed as references to the time at which this Act, except the said sections one hundred and seventy-two and one hundred and ninety, comes into operation.

195. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Mines and Quarries short title and

Act, 1954. extent.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

945

Part XV

—com.

Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Buy 2

Act; 1954

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Public Inquiries into Accidents, Ac.

1. A public inquiry which the Minister directs to be held under section one hundred and twenty-two of this Act into an accident or other occurrence at a mine or quarry shall be held by a competent person appointed by the ’Minister who may conduct the inquiry either alone or with the assistance of an assessor or assessors so appointed

2. The Minister may pay to the person appointed to hold the inquiry and to any assessor appointed to assist him such remuneration and allowances as the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

3. The person appointed to hold the inquiry (hereafter in this Schedule referred to as " the court ") shall hold die inquiry in public in such manner and under such conditions as the court thinks most effectual for ascertaining the causes and circumstances of the accident or other occurrence and for enabling the court to make the report hereafter in this Schedule mentioned.

4. The court shall, for the purposes of the inquiry, have power-

(a) to enter and inspect any place or building the entry or

inspection whereof appears to the court requisite for the said purposes;

(b) by summons signed by the court to require any person to attend, at such time and place as is specified in the summons, to give evidence or produce any documents in his custody or under his control which the court considers it necessary for the purposes of the inquiry to examine;

(c) to require a person appearing at the inquiry to furnish to

any other person appearing thereat, on payment of such fee, if any, as the court thinks fit, a copy of any document offered, or proposed to be offered, in evidence by the first-mentioned person;

() to take evidence on oath, and for that purpose to administer oaths, or, instead of administering an oath, to require the person examined to make and subscribe a declaration of the truth of the matter respecting which he is examined;

(e) to adjourn the inquiry from time to time; and

(/) subject to the foregoing sub-paragraphs, to regulate the procedure of the court.

5. A person attending as a witness before the court shall be entitled to be paid by the Minister such expenses as would be allowed to a witness attending on subpoena before a court of record, and any dispute as to the amount to be so allowed shall be referred by the court to a master of the Supreme Court who, on request signed by the court, shall ascertain and certify the proper amount of the expenses.

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

947

6. The court shall make a report to the Minister stating the causes 1st Sch. and circumstances of the accident or other occurrence, adding any —com observations which the court thinks it right to make, and the Minister shall lay copies of the report before Parliament.

7. If a person—

(a) without reasonable excuse (proof whereof shall lie on him) fails, after having the expenses (if any) to which he is entitled tendered to him, to comply with any summons or requisition of the court; or

(b) does any other thing which would, if the court had been a court of law having power to commit for contempt, have been contempt of that court;

the court may, by instrument signed by the court, certify the offence of that person to the High Court or, in Scotland, the Court of Session, and the High Court or Court of Session may thereupon inquire into the alleged offence and after hearing any witnesses who may be produced against or on behalf of the person charged with the offence, and after hearing any statement that may be offered in defence, punish or take steps for the punishment of that person in like manner as if he had been guilty of contempt of the High Court or, as the case may be, the Court of Session.

8. In the application of this Schedule to Scotland, for references to a master of the Supreme Court, to a witness attending on subpoena before a court of record, and to a summons there shall be respectively substituted references to the Auditor of the Court of Session, to a witness attending on citation the High Court of Justiciary and to an order.

SECOND SCHEDULE Section 142.

Procedure for Making Regulations Part I

Procedure for making general regulations

1. Before the Minister makes any general regulations he shall publish in the London Gazette and, if the regulations apply to Scotland, in the Edinburgh Gazette and (whether the regulations apply to Scotland or not) in such other manner as he thinks best adapted for informing persons affected, notice of his intention to make the regulations, specifying a place where copies of a draft thereof may be obtained and the time (which shall be not less than twenty-one days from the date of the publication) within which any objection made with respect to the draft regulations must be sent to him.

948 Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 2

, 1954

2nd Sch.

—com. 2. Every objection so made must be in writing and must state—

(a) the specific grounds of objection; and

(b) the omissions, additions or modifications asked for;

and the Minister shall consider any such objection made by or os behalf of any person appearing to him to be affected, being as objection sent to him within the time specified in the notice, bat shall not be bound to consider any other objection.

3. If there are no objections which the Minister is required by the last foregoing paragraph to consider, he may make the regulations in the terms of the draft

4. The following provisions shall have effect where the Minister does not proceed under the last foregoing paragraph:—

(a) if he is not required by paragraph 2 of this Schedule to

consider a general objection and if either he is not so required to consider any special objection or all special objections which he is so required to consider appear to him, upon consideration thereof, to be frivolous, he may. unless he decides to take no further proceedings with respect thereto, either make the regulations in the tarns of the draft or, if he thinks fit so to do, refer the draft regulations for inquiry and report under Part HI of this Schedule; and

(b) in any other case, he shall, unless he decides to take no further proceedings with respect thereto, refer the draft regulations for inquiry and report as aforesaid.

5. Where, under the last foregoing paragraph, the Minister refen the draft regulations for inquiry and report under Part m of this Schedule, he shall consider the report and, unless he decides to take no further proceedings with respect to the draft regulations, may —

(a) if the report of the person or persons holding the inquiry

does not recommend the making of any modifications in the draft regulations, make the regulations in the terms of the draft; or

(b) if the said report recommends the making of modifications in the draft regulations, make the regulations in the terms of the draft subject to such modifications as give effect to the recommendations made in the report.

6. In this Part of this Schedule—

(a) the expression " general objection " means, in relation to draft regulations, an objection to any provision thereof, being an objection made by or on behalf of owners of mines or quarries who employ not less than one third of the total number of persons employed at all the mines and quarries affected by the draft regulations or by or on behalf of an association or body representative of not lea than one third of the total number of persons so employed; and

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

949

0) the expression "special objection*' means, in relation to draft regulations,—

(i) an objection to any provision thereof, being an objection made by or on behalf of owners of a class of mines or quarries or a sub-division of a class of mines or quarries and expressed to be made on the ground that having regard to the special conditions of, or the special methods of working at mines or quarries of that class or sub-division, the provision objected to ought not to apply thereto; or

(ii) an objection to a provision thereof applicable only to a particular class of mines or quarries or a particular sub-division of such a class, being an objection made by or on behalf of owners of mines or quarries of that class or sub-division, as the case may be, who employ not less than one-third of the total number of persons employed at all mines or quarries of that class or sub-division, or by or on behalf of an association or body representative of not less than one-third of the total number of persons so employed;

not being, in either case, an objection which, by virtue of sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph, is a general objection.

Part n

Procedure for Making Special Regulations

7. Special regulations with respect to a mine or quarry shall not be made otherwise than on the application of an inspector, the owner of the mine or quarry, not less than one-third of the total number of persons employed thereat or an association or body representative of not less than one-third of the total number of persons so employed.

8. An application for the making of special regulations must be accompanied by a draft of the regulations sought to be made.

9. Before the Minister makes any special regulations he shall publish in such manner as he thinks best adapted for informing persons affected notice of his intention to make the regulations, specifying the place where copies of a draft thereof may be obtained and the time (which shall be not less than twenty-one days from the date of the publication) within which any objection made with respect to the draft regulations must be sent to him.

10. Every objection so made must be in writing and must state—

(a) the specific grounds of objection; and

(b) the omissions, additions or modifications asked for;

and the Minister shall consider any such objection made by or on behalf of any person appearing to him to be affected, being an objection sent within the time specified in the notice, but shall not be bound to consider any other objection.

11. If there are no objections which the Minister is required by the last foregoing paragraph to consider, he may make the regulations in the terms of the draft.

2nd Sch.

—cont.

950

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

2nd Sen. 12. The following provisions shall have effect where the Minina —com. does not proceed under the last foregoing paragraph:—

(a) if he is required by paragraph 10 of this Schedule to con-

sider an objection made by or on behalf of the owner of the mine or quarry to which the draft regulations relate or by or on behalf of an association or body representative of not less than one-third of the total number of persons employed thereat, he shall, unless he decides to take no further proceedings with respect thereto, refer the draft regulations for inquiry and report under Part HI of this Schedule; and

(b) in any other case, he may, unless he decides to take no further proceedings with respect to the draft regulations, either make the regulations in the terms of the draft or, if he thinks fit so to do, refer the draft regulations for inquiry and report as aforesaid.

13. Where, under the last foregoing paragraph, the Minister refers the draft regulations for inquiry and report under Part III of this Schedule, he shall consider the report and, unless he decides to take no further proceedings with respect to the draft regulations, may—

(a) if the report of the person or persons holding the inquiry does not recommend the making of any modifications in the draft regulations, make the regulations in the terms of the draft; or

(b) if the said report recommends the making of modifications in the draft regulations, make the regulations in the terms of the draft subject to such modifications as give effect to the recommendations made in the report

Part HI Inquiries under Part I or II

14. The following provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect where any draft regulations are, by virtue of Part I or Part II of this Schedule, referred for inquiry and report under this Part of this Schedule.

15. The inquiry shall be held by a competent person or competed persons appointed by the Lord Chancellor and, where two or more persons are appointed to hold the inquiry, the Lord Chancellor shah appoint one of them to preside over it

16. There may be paid by the Minister to the person or persons holding the inquiry such remuneration and allowances as may be fixed by the Lord Chancellor with the approval of the Treasury.

17. The inquiry shall be public and shall be held at such place as the Lord Chancellor may appoint.

18. Any of the following persons may appear at the inquiry either in person or by counsel, solicitor or agent, and may give evidence and call such witnesses as he thinks fit, that is to say: —

(a) the Minister;

>54 Mines and Quarries CH. 70

Act, 1954

(b) any person who duly objected to any provision of the draft

regulations; and

(c) any other person, being a person who, in the opinion of the

person holding the inquiry (or, if two or more persons are holding it, the person presiding over it), is affected by the draft regulations.

19. The evidence of the witnesses at the inquiry may, if the person tolding it (or, if two or more persons are holding it, the person residing over it) thinks fit, be taken on oath, and for that purpose be said person may administer oaths.

20. The person or persons holding the inquiry shall make a report o the Minister stating whether or not the draft regulations ought, n his or their opinion, to be modified and, if in his or their opinion he draft regulations ought to be modified, stating in what respect hey ought to be modified.

21. If it appears to the person holding the inquiry (or, if two or nore persons are holding it, the person presiding over it) that any objection made thereat to any provision of the draft regulations was frivolous or vexatious, he may order that the expenses incurred by the Minister for the purposes of the inquiry or such part of those expenses as may be specified in the order shall be paid by the person by or on whose behalf the objection was made; and an order under this paragraph shall, on the application of the Minister, be enforceable by a magistrates* court as if the amount ordered to be paid were a sum adjudged to be paid by an order of that x)urt

22. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Schedule, the inquiry and all proceedings preliminary or incidental thereto shall be conducted in accordance with rules made by the Minister.

23. Where any draft regulations referred for inquiry and report under this Part of this Schedule apply to Scotland only, this Part of this Schedule shall apply subject to die following modifications:—

(a) for references to the Lord Chancellor there shall be substi-

tuted references to the Lord President of the Court of Session;

(b) an order under paragraph 21 of this Schedule may be recorded in the Books of Council and Session for execution and may be enforced accordingly.

THIRD SCHEDULE

Inquiries into Fitness of Holders of Certificates and Delivery up and Custody of Certificates in connection with Prosecutions and Inquiries

Part I

Inquiries into Fitness of Holders of Certificates 1. The tribunal holding an inquiry under section one hundred aod fifty of this Act shall consist of a person or persons appointed by the Minister, and may conduct the inquiry either alone or with the assistance of an assessor or assessors so appointed.

951

2nd See.

—CO fit.

Section ISO.

952

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

3u> Sen. 2. The Minister may pay to the person or persons constituting —com. the tribunal and to any assessor appointed to assist the tribunal sod) remuneration and allowances as the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine.

3. The inquiry shall be public and shall be held at such place as the Minister may appoint

4. The Minister shall, before the beginning of the inquiry, furnish to the person whose fitness to continue to hold a certificate is to be inquired into a statement of the case on which the inquiry is instituted.

5. The said person may appear at the inquiry either in person or by counsel, solicitor or agent, and may give evidence and call such witnesses as he thinks fit

6. At the conclusion of the inquiry the tribunal shall send to die Minister a report containing a full statement of the case and die opinion of the tribunal thereon and such report of, or extracts from, the evidence as the tribunal thinks fit

7. The tribunal shall, for the purposes of the inquiry, have power—

(a) to enter and inspect any place or building the entry or

inspection of which appears to (he tribunal requisite for the said purposes;

(b) by summons signed by the tribunal to require any penoo to attend, at such time and place as is specified in the summons, to give evidence or to produce any documents in his custody or under his control which the tribunal considers it necessary for the purposes of the inquiry to examine;

(c) to require a person appearing at the inquiry to furnish to

any other person appearing thereat, on payment of such fee, if any, as the tribunal thinks fit a copy of any document offered, or proposed to be offered, in evidence by the first-mentioned person;

() to take evidence on oath, and for that purpose to administer oaths, or, instead of administering an oath, to require die person examined to make and subscribe a declaration of the truth of the matter respecting which he is examined;

(e) to adjourn the inquiry from time to time; and

(f) subject to the foregoing sub-paragraphs, to regulate the pro-

cedure of the tribunal.

8. A person attending as a witness before the tribunal shall be entitled to be paid by the Minister such expenses as would be allowed to a witness attending on subpoena before a court of record, and any dispute as to the amount to be so allowed shall be referred by the tribunal to a master of the Supreme Court who, on request signed by the tribunal, shall ascertain and certify the proper amount of the expenses.

9. The tribunal may make such orders as it thinks fit respecting the payment of the costs and expenses of the inquiry and any such order shah, on the application of any person entitled to die benefit thereof, be enforceable by a magistrates' court as if the amount

*54

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. TO

953

rdered to be paid were a sum adjudged to be paid by an order of 3rd Sch.

10. If a person—

(< a)without reasonable excuse (proof whereof shall lie on hkn) fails, after having the expenses (if any) to which he is entitled tendered to him, to comply with any summons or requisition of the tribunal; or

(b) does any other thing which would, if the tribunal had been a court of law having power to commit for contempt, have been contempt of that court; he tribunal may, by instrument signed by it, certify the offence of bat person to the High Court or, in Scotland, (he Court of Session, ind the High Court or Court of Session may thereupon inquire nto the alleged offence and after hearing any witnesses who may >e produced against or on behalf of the person charged with the offence, and after hearing any statement that may be offered in defence, punish or take steps for the punishment of that person in like manner as if he had been guilty of contempt of the High Court or, as the case may be, the Court of Session.

Part II

Delivery up and Custody of Certificates in Connection with Prosecutions and Inquiries

11. The holder of any such certificate as is mentioned in section one hundred and fifty of this Act may, after notice of intention to make an application under subsection (1) of the said section one hundred and fifty has been duly served on him, be required by the court dealing with an information or trying an indictment for an offence alleged to have been committed by him, or may be required by a tribunal making inquiry under the said section one hundred and fifty, to deliver up his certificate to the court or, as the case may be, the tribunal at the hearing.

12. A certificate so delivered up may be retained by the court or tribunal until the conclusion of the proceedings:

Provided that a certificate delivered up to the court shall be returned to the holder thereof on his making an election under paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (1) of the said section one hundred and fifty.

13. Where the court or tribunal cancels or suspends a certificate it shall, at the conclusion of the proceedings, send the Minister notice thereof and shall also send him the certificate for retention by him.

14. Where on an appeal (whether by way of case stated or otherwise) the conviction of the holder of the certificate is quashed or the cancellation or suspension thereof is quashed or varied, the court by which the conviction is quashed or the appeal is allowed shall send notice thereof to the Minister:

Provided that where on an appeal by way of case stated the High Court remits the matter to a magistrates’ court or a court of quarter sessions, notice of the order of the court on the remission shall be sent to the Minister by the magistrates' court or court of quarter sessions, as the case may be.

lat court

—cant.

J

954

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

3rd Sch. —con/.

Section 188.

15. Where a certificate has been sent to the Minister under paragraph 13 of this Schedule, he shall—

(a) on receipt of a notice that the conviction of the holder;

thereof, or the cancellation or suspension thereof, has beeo j quashed; or

(b) on the expiration of any period for which the certificate stands suspended (whether after conviction or appeal);

return the certificate to the holder.

16. For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule, the bringisg of proceedings before the High Court to quash a conviction by order of certiorari shall be deemed to be an appeal.

Part HI j

Modifications of Parts I and H for the Purposes of the® Application to Scotland

17. In the application of this Schedule to Scotland,—

(a) for references to a master of the Supreme Court, to a witness attending on subpoena before a court of record, to a summons and to an information there shall be respectively substituted references to the Auditor of the Conit erf Session, to a witness attending on citation the High Court of Justiciary, to an order and to a summary complaint;

(b) an order under paragraph 9 of this Schedule may be recorded in the Books of Council and Session for execution and may be enforced accordingly.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Minor and Consequential Amendments of Enactments

The Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887

50 & 51 Vict c. 58 In sections twelve and thirteen (which relate respectively to the payment of persons employed in mines by weight and to fite appointment of check weighers on their behalf) the word Magent*, wherever it occurs, shall be omitted.

The Coal Mines (Check Weigher) Act, 1894

57 & 58 Vict. c. 52

In section one (which penalizes interference with the office of check weigher) the word "agent", wherever it occurs, shall be omitted.

The Coal Mines ( Weighing of Minerals) Act, 1905 5 Edw. 7. c. 9

In subsection (2) of section one (which relates to evidence of the appointment of check weighers) the word "agent" shall be omitted.

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

955

The Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1908 8 Edw. 7. c. 57

4th See. —com.

In sections one, two, three, five and six (which impose limits on the hours of work below ground in mines of coal, stratified ironstone, shale and fireclay and provide for ancillary matters) the words "owner, agent or", wherever they occur, shall be omitted, and in subsection (7) of section one the words "fireman, examiner or ", in both places where they occur, shall be omitted.

For paragraphs (b) and (c) of section fourteen (which prohibits the employment of children in factories, mines and quarries in England and Wales) there shall be substituted the following paragraph: —

" (b) at any mine or quarry within the meaning of the Mines and Quarries Act, 1954; ".

For paragraphs (b) and (c) of section seventeen (which prohibits the employment of children in factories, mines and quarries in Scotland) there shall be substituted the following paragraph: —

" (b) at any mine or quarry within the meaning of the Mines and Quarries Act, 1954; *\

In subsection (3) of section eighteen (which relates to the making of drainage schemes with respect to groups of mines) for the words MThe provisions of sections eighty-six and one hundred and seventeen of, and Part I of the Second Schedule to, the Coal Mines Act, 1911, which relate to general regulations shall apply with the necessary modifications to schemes under this section " there shall be substituted the words "The provisions of Parts I and III of the Second Schedule to the Mines and Quarries Act, 1954, shall, with the necessary modifications, have effect with respect to the procedure for making a scheme under this section as they have effect with respect to the procedure for making general regulations under that Act, and the power conferred by this section to make a scheme shall be construed as including power (exercisable in the like manner and subject to the like conditions) to revoke or vary the scheme".

References in the said section eighteen to owners of mines shall be construed in like manner as if they were contained in this Act.

The Education Act, 1918

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 39

The Education ( Scot Act, 1918 8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 48

The Mining Industry Act, 1920 10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 50

956 Ch. 70 Mines and Quarries 2 & 3 Euz.2

, 1954

4th Sch.

—cont. The Employment of Women, Young Persons and

Children 1920

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 65

In subsection (6) of section one (which subsection relates to the enforcement of the restrictions imposed by other provisions of that section on the employment of children and young persons in industrial undertakings) the reference to coal mines, metalliferous mines and quarries shall be construed as a reference to mines and quarries within the meaning of this Act and the reference to the Coal Mines Act, 1911, and the Metalliferous Mines Regulation Acts, 1872 and 1875, shall be construed as a reference to this Act

The Mining Industry Act, 1926

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 28

In section twenty-three (which requires the giving of fadlkiei to the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research when shafts or bore-holes are sunk), in subsections (3) and (4), the word "agent " shall be omitted, and for subsection (5) there shall be substituted the following subsection: —

" (5) Any officer appointed by the Committee shall have the same rights as to the production and inspection of plana, sections and drawings which, by or by virtue of the Minei and Quarries Act, 1954. are required to be kept, as are by that Act conferred on inspectors, and that Act shall apply accordingly ".

The Petroleum ( ) Act, 1934

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 36

In section seven (which relates to the inspection of plans and sections of mines for the purpose of ascertaining on behalf of the Minister the position of workings through or near which it is proposed to sink a bore-hole for the purpose of searching for or getting petroleum), for the words from " the same rights" to the end of the section, there shall be substituted the words Mtbe same rights as to the production and inspection of plans, sections and drawings which, by or by virtue of the Mines and Quarries Act, 1954, are required to be kept, as are by that Act conferred on inspectors, and that Act shall apply accordingly ".

The Hours of Employment ( ) Act, 1936

26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8. c. 22

In subsection (2) of section one (which subsection relates to the enforcement of the restrictions imposed by that section on the employment of women by night in industrial undertakings) the reference to coal mines, metalliferous mines and quarries shall be construed as a reference to mines and quarries within the meaning of this Act and the reference to the Coal Mines Act, 1911, and the Metalliferous Mines Regulation Acts, 1872 and 1875, shall be construed as a reference to this Act.

1954

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

957

The Young Persons CEmployment) Act, 1938 4th Sch.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 69 —corn.

For subsection (3) of section three (which relates to the enforce- # ment of the provisions of Part I of that Act) there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

44 (3) An inspector appointed under the Mines and Quarries Act, 1954, shall have the same powers and duties for the purpose of the enforcement of the provisions of this Part of this Act in their application to young persons employed at or in connection with a mine or quarry within the meaning of the said Act of 1954 as he would have if those provisions were provisions of that Act".

FIFTH SCHEDULE Section 189.

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

35 & 36 Vict.

c. 77.

38 & 39 Vict.

c. 39.

46 & 47 Vict, c. 31.

50 & 51 Vict.

c. 19.

50 & 51 Vict, c. 58.

The Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872.

The Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1875.

The Payment of Wages in Public Houses Prohibition Act, 1883.

The Quarry (Fencing) Act, 1887.

The Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

In section two, the words from 44 nor any person " to the end of the section.

The whole Act.

In section twelve, in subsection (1), the word "agent", wherever it occurs, and subsection (2).

In section thirteen, in subsection (2), the word44 agent " and the words 44 against this Act", in subsection (3) the word 44 agent ", in subsection (4), the word "agent" wherever it occurs, in subsection (5), the word44 agent " and, in subsection (8), the word 44 agent " and the words

57 & 58 Vict.

c. 42.

57 & 58 Vict, c. 52.

63 & 64 Vict,

c. 21.

The Quarries Act, 1894.

44 against this Act ". The whole Act.

The Coal Mines (Check Weigher) Act, 1894.

The Mines (Prohibition of Child Labour Under-

In section one, the word 44 agent ", wherever it occurs, and the words "against the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887 ".

The whole Act.

5 Edw.

c.9.

7.

ground) Act, 1900.

The Coal Mines (Weighing of Minerals) Act, 1905.

In section one, in subsection (2), the word 44 agent ".

958

Ch. 70

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

2 ft 3 Em

5th Sch. —cont.

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

6 Edw. 7. c. 53 8 Edw. 7. c. 57

10 Edw. 7. ft 1 Geo. 5. c. 15.

1 ft 2 Geo. 5.

c. 50.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 22.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 31.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 50.

13 ft 14 Geo. 5.

c. 42.

16 ft 17 Geo. 5. c. 28.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 22.

Edw. 8. ft 1 Geo. 6. c. 62.

The Notice of Accidents Act, 1906.

The Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1908.

1

The Mines Accidents (Rescue and Aid) Act, 1910.

The Coal Mines Act, 1911.

The Coal Mines Act, 1914.

The Police, Factories, &c., (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1916.

The Mining Industry Act, 1920.

The Workmen's Compensation Act, 1923. The Mining Industry Act, 1926.

The Hours of Employment (Conventions) Act, 1936.

The Coal Mines (Employment of Boys) Act, 1937.

Sections one, two, the m five.

In section one, in (3), the words 44 owner, ap or ", in subsection (4* a words 44 owner, agent or', in subsection (5), the wo* 44owner, agent or" art,i subsection (7), the w* 44 fireman, examiner or* t both places where they oaa

In section two, in suheaw (1), the words 44 owner,*!

or" and, in subsection (&&

words 44 owner, agent or*.

In section three, in rahaat (1), the words 44 owner, ag-or" and, in subsection words 44 owner, agent or4.

In section five, the vah 44 owner, agent or ".

In section six, the wot 44 owner, agent or ".

In section seven, in suheon (1), the words from tr beginning to44 Provided thf and subsection (2).

The whole Act.

The whole Act. The whole Act Section ten.

Sections nineteen and tweo&-one.

In section twenty-five, b definitions of 44 oner*. 44 agent " and unar ment ".

Section twenty-eight

Section twenty-one.

In section twenty-three, c subsection (3), the wad 44 agent " and, in nbwcm (4), the word44 agentH.

Section two.

The whole Act.

4

Mines and Quarries

Act, 1954

Ch. 70

959

ssion and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

tfw. 8. & Geo. 6. 67. The Factories Act, 1937. In section one hundred and fifty-one, subsection (5). In section one hundred and fifty-eight subsections (1) to (3).

7 Geo. 6. 6. The Workmen's Compensation Act 1943. Section four.

113 Geo. 6. The Coal Industry Act, Part II.

53. 1949. In section thirteen, in subsection (2), the words from "and the Coal Mines Acts, 1887 to 1943 " to the end of the subsection.

COO

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

xssories and Abettors Act, 1861 talliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872... rment of Wages in Public Houses Prohibition Act, 1883

minal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1887 ...

al Mines Regulation Act, 1887

erpretation Act, 1889

al Mines (Check Weigher) Act, 1894 ...

tal Accidents Inquiry (Scotland) Act, 1895

blic Health (Scotland) Act, 1897

al Mines (Weighing of Minerals) Act,

1905

al Mines Regulation Act, 1908

al Mines Act, 1911

□cation Act, 1918

ucation (Scotland) Act, 1918

iployment of Women, Young Persons and

Children Act, 1920...

ning Industry Act, 1926

ting and Valuation (Apportionment) Act,

1928

blic Health Act, 1936

blic Health (London) Act, 1936

ctories Act, 1937

mention of Damage by Pests Act, 1949

itices of the Peace Act, 1949

agistratcs* Courts Act, 1952

24 & 25 Vict. c. 94. 35 & 36 Vict. c. 77.

46 & 47 Vict c. 31. 50 & 51 Vict c. 35. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 58. 52 & 53 Vict c. 63.

57 & 58 Vict c. 52.

58 & 59 Vict c. 36. 60 & 61 Vict c. 38.

5 Edw. 7. c. 9.

8 Edw. 7. c. 57.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 50. 8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 39. 8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 48.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 65.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 28.

18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 44.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 49. 26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 50. 1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 67. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 55. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101. 15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2.

c. 55.

mmary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act 1954...

2 & 3 Eliz. 2. c. 48.

5th Sch. —coni.

960

Ch. 71

Overseas Resources Development 2 & 3

Act, 1954

CHAPTER 71

Overseas Resources Development Act, 1954 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Transfer of undertaking and dissolution of Overseas Food Qnponikn.

2. Grants for Tanganyika Corporation under Colonial Development aod

Welfare Acts.

3. Application and disposal of transferred property.

4. Special provisions as to Southern Province port and railway.

5. Remission of interest on certain advances made to Colonial Develop-

ment Corporation.

6. Short title, citation, extent and repeal

Schedules:

First Schedule—Supplementary provisions as to transfer undertaking of Overseas Food Corporation.

Second Schedule—Enactments repealed.

Part I—Enactments repealed from dissolution of Overseas Food; Corporation.

Part 11—Enactments repealed from date of transfer.

An Act to provide for the transfer to a statutory corporation constituted under the law of Tanganyika of the undertaking of the Overseas Food Corporation, and the dissolution of the last-mentioned Corporation; for the provision of funds under the Colonial Development and Welfare Act, 1940, in connection with the carrying on of the said undertaking; for the conclusion of fresh arrangements as to the obligations and rights of the last-mentioned Corporation in connection with! the Southern Province port and railway; for the remission of interest on certain advances made under the Overseas Resources Development Act, 1948, to the Colonial Development Corporation; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[25th November, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Transfer of 1.—(1) On such date as the Secretary of State may by order

undertaking appoint (in this Act referred to as the date of transfer) theunder-taking of the Overseas Food Corporation shall be transferred to overseas the Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation.

Corporation.

>54

Overseas Resources Development

Act, 1954

Ch. 71

961

(2) The supplementary provisions contained in the First :hedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the transfer ‘ the undertaking of the Overseas Food Corporation under is section.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2) of section nine of the

verseas Resources Development Act, 1948 (which provides 11 & 12 Geo. 6. r reports upon the activities of the Overseas Food Corporation 15* iring each financial year) and of section sixteen of that Act rtiich relates to accounts), the financial year of the Overseas cod Corporation current on the date of transfer shall be semed to end on that date.

(4) As soon as the Secretary of State is satisfied that full effect is been given to the transfer of the undertaking of the Overseas ood Corporation under this section, and that the provisions F sections nine and sixteen of the said Act of 1948 have been >mplied with on the part of that Corporation in respect of the nancial year current on the date of transfer, he shall by order issolve that Corporation.

(5) In this Act " the Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation "

Leans the Corporation constituted under that name by an fdinance of the Legislature of Tanganyika dated the first day f June, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, and known as the anganyika Agricultural Corporation Ordinance, 1954; and the transferred undertaking" means the undertaking transited to that Corporation by this section.

(6) Any power of the Secretary of State to make orders under lis section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

2.—(1) In relation to any scheme made under section one of the Grants for !olonial Development and Welfare Act, 1940, for the purpose Tanganyika f providing funds required by the Tanganyika Agricultural ^colonial brporation for the purpose of carrying on the transferred under- Development iking, paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (1) of that and Welfare jction (which, as amended by subsequent enactments, limits the Acts, eriod during which schemes under that section may continue in 3 & 4 Geo. 6. >rce) shall not apply. c- 40.

(2) Any sums required by the Secretary of State in the period nding on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and fifty-;ven, for making payments pursuant to a scheme made for le purpose aforesaid shall be left out of account for the purpose f paragraph (a) of the said proviso (which, as so amended, mits the annual amount and the aggregate amount of the sums > be paid for the purposes of schemes under the said section ne):

Provided that the amount to be paid out of moneys provided y Parliament in the period aforesaid for the purposes of any

2 H

962 Ch. 71 Overseas Resources Development 2 & 3 Bin 2

, 1954

scheme or schemes made as aforesaid, together with the sums paid out of moneys so provided under subsection (2) of section three of 14 & 15 Geo. 6. the Overseas Resources Development Act, 1951, in respect of c. 20. expenses of the Overseas Food Corporation for the financial

year current on the date of transfer, shall not in the aggregate exceed one million seven hundred thousand pounds.

Application 3.—(l) it shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to make

bmSfrred 8UC^ arrangements with the Governor of Tanganyika as may from property6 time to time be necessary for securing—

(a) that property vested by this Act in the Tanganyika Agri-

cultural Corporation is reserved by that Corporation for the purposes of the transferred undertaking, ori for such other purposes as may from time to time be approved by the Secretary of State with the concurrence of the Treasury; and

(b) that any such property which is no longer required for such purposes as aforesaid is disposed of in accordance with arrangements approved as aforesaid, and the net proceeds of the disposal paid to the Secretary of State.

(2) Nothing in this section shall be construed as precluding the continuance in relation to the Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation (either without modification or subject to such modifications as may be approved by the Treasury) of arrangements for the replacement of property of the Overseas Food Corporation out of proceeds of sale of that property; and references in the foregoing subsection to property vested by this Act in the Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation shall be construed as including references to property acquired by that Corporation pursuant to such arrangements.

(3) Any sums received by the Secretary of State in respect of disposal of property of the Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation shall be paid by him into the Exchequer.

Special 4.—(1) At any time before the date of transfer, the Secretary

provisions of State, with the approval of the Treasury, may conclude as to Southern arrangements with the Governor of Tanganyika, the Overseas and raSwa^ Corporation and other parties concerned, for securing-

(a) the release of the Overseas Food Corporation from any

obligation to advance further money for the purpose of the construction of the port of Mtwara or its connected railway system, or to meet losses incurred in the operation of the said port and railway system;

(b) the extinction of the right of that Corporation to repay-ment of money advanced for the purpose aforesaid at, any time before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-three (amounting to three million six hundred

1954 Overseas Resources Development Ch. 71 963

Act, 1954

and ninety-one thousand four hundred an three pounds), and interest thereon, and of interest accrued up to the conclusion of the said arrangements on money so advanced on or after the said date; and

(c) the transfer to the Secretary of State of the right of the said Corporation to repayment of money advanced as aforesaid on or after the said first day of April.

(2) Any sums received by the Secretary of State in pursuance >f arrangements made under this section shall be paid by him nto the Exchequer.

5. The Secretary of State may, with the consent of the Treasury, Remission remit the payment by the Colonial Development Corporation of interest on under section thirteen of the Overseas Resources Development

Act, 1948, of interest in respect of so much of the advances made colonial to the Corporation under section twelve of that Act, whether Development before or after the passing of this Act, as may be determined by Corporation, the Secretary of State, with the approval of the Treasury, to be squivalent to net losses incurred for the purposes of any undertaking of the Corporation which has been abandoned before the passing of this Act, or which may be abandoned, with the approval of the Secretary of State, at any time after the passing of this Act.

6. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Overseas Resources short title, Development Act, 1954, and this Act and the Overseas Resources citation, extent Development Acts, 1948 to 1951, may be cited together as the and repeal* Overseas Resources Development Acts, 1948 to 1954.

(2) Section one of this Act and the First Schedule thereto shall extend to Tanganyika.

(3) The enactments described in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule,—

(a) in the case of the enactments described in Part I of that Schedule, as from the date on which the Overseas Food Corporation is dissolved under this Act;

(b) in the case of the enactments described in Part II of that Schedule, as from the date of transfer:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect the operation of section eighteen of the Overseas Resources Development Act, 1948, as applied by subsection (5) of section four of the Overseas Resources Development Act, 1951.

2 H 2

964

Section 1.

Ch. 71 Overseas Resources Development 2 & 3 Buz. 2

Act, 1954

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Supplementary provisions as to transfer of undertaking of Overseas Food Corporation

1. On the date of transfer, all property and liabilities of the Overseas Food Corporation shall vest in and attach to the Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation by virtue of this Act and without further assurance.

2. On and after the date of transfer, all contracts made by and on behalf of the Overseas Food Corporation (whether in writing or not and whether or not of such a nature that rights and liabilities thereunder could be assigned by that Corporation) shall have effect as if made by or on behalf of the Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation, and as if for any reference therein to the Overseas Food Corporation there were substituted, in relation to anything falling to be done on or after the date of transfer, a reference to the Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation.

3. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this Schedule—

(a) the Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation and all other persons shall have the like rights, powers and remedies (including in particular rights and powers as to the taking or resisting of legal proceedings) for ascertaining, perfecting or enforcing any rights or liabilities vested in or attaching to that Corporation under this Act as if they had at all times been rights or liabilities of that Corporation;

(b) any proceeding pending by or against the Overseas Food Corporation on the date of transfer may be continued by or against the Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation.

4. If, by reason of the situation outside the United Kingdom and Tanganyika of any property to which this Schedule applies, or of the application to any contract to which this Schedule applies, as the proper law thereof, of the law of any country outside the United Kingdom and Tanganyika, or for any other cause, the vesting of the property provided for by this Schedule is not fully effectual, or the Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation are not in a position to enforce rights under the contract, the Overseas Food Corporation shall give to the Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation such assistance, whether by executing an assurance of the property or an assignment of the contract or taking steps to enforce it or otherwise, as is in their power to give.

5. In this Schedule " property " includes, property, rights and powers of every description; and " liabilities " includes duties.

6. Nothing in this Schedule shall be construed as transferring to the Tanganyika Agricultural Corporation any obligation imposed on the Overseas Food Corporation by any enactment repealed by this Act.

1954

Overseas Resources Development

Act; 1954

Ch. 71

965

SECOND SCHEDULE Enactments repealed Part I

Enactments repealed from dissolution of Overseas Food Corporation

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

11 &12 Geo.6. The Overseas Resources Sections three to five.

c. 15. Development Act, 1948. Sections six, nine, sixteen and the Schedule, so far as they relate to the Overseas Food Corporation.

14 A15 Geo. 6. The Overseas Resources Sections one to three.

c. 20. Development Act, 1951.

Part II

Enactments repealed from date of transfer

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

11 A12 Geo. 6. c. 15 The Overseas Resources Development Act, 1948. Sections seven, eight, ten, thirteen and eighteen, so far as they relate to the Overseas Food Corporation.

Section 6.

966

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

CHAPTER 72

Town and Country Planning , 1954 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Special Payments for Depreciation of Land Values

Section

1. Payments by reference to established claims.

2. Claim holdings, their areas and values, and apportionment of values

between parts of areas.

3. Payment where development charge incurred by claim-holder or person

from whom he derives title (Case A).

4. Supplementary provisions relating to development charges.

5. Payment where land compulsorily acquired or sold at price wholly or

partly excluding development value (Case B).

6. Supplementary provisions relating to compulsory acquisitions and to

sales.

7. Payment where land disposed of by gift (Case Q.

8. Payment where claim holding purchased (Case D).

9. Payment under Case A, B or C to person deriving title from original

claim-holder.

10. Payments in cases analogous to Case B.

11. Residual payments in cases analogous to Cases A and B.

12. Payments not to exceed value of claim holding.

13. Applications for payments under Part I.

14. Payments to be made by Central Land Board.

15. Effect of payments on claim holdings.

Part II

Compensation for Refusal, or Conditional Grant, of Planning Permission

16. Scope of Part II.

17. Unexpended balance of established development value.

18. Reduction or extinguishment of balance.

19. Right to compensation in respect of planning decisions.

20. Compensation excluded in respect of certain matters.

21. Compensation excluded if certain other development permitted.

22. General provisions as to claims for compensation.

23. Review of planning decisions where compensation claimed.

24. Supplementary provisions as to review of planning decisions.

25. General provisions as to amount of compensation.

26. Measure of depreciation for assessing compensation.

27. Determination of claims for compensation.

28. Apportionment and registration of compensation.

29. Recovery of compensation on subsequent development

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

967

Part III

Compensation for Compulsory Acquisition of Land

Section

30. Application of Part HI.

31. Compensation to include unexpended balance of established develop-

ment value.

32. Additional compensation for works.

33. Protection for purchaser of interest subsequently acquired compulsorily.

34. Compensation to take account of planning permission in certain other

cases.

35. Additional payments in cases where no claim for development value

has been established.

36. Compensation for severance, injurious affection and disturbance.

37. Effect of Part III on unexpended balance of established development

value.

Part IV

Compensation for Revocation or Modification of Planning Permission

38. Amendment of s. 22 of principal Act.

39. Registration and apportionment of compensation for depreciation.

40. Exchequer contribution towards compensation in certain cases.

41. Recovery, on subsequent development, of compensation under s. 22

of principal Act.

Part V

Compensation for Past Planning Decisions and Past Orders revoking or modifying Planning Permission

42. Scope of Part V.

43. Right to compensation in respect of past planning decisions, or past

revocations, etc. of planning permission.

44. General provisions as to amount of compensation for past planning

decisions, revocations, etc.

45. Claims for compensation under Part V, and review of past decisions

and orders.

46. Payment of compensation under Part V, and supplementary provisions

relating thereto.

Part VI

Miscellaneous and Supplementary Provisions

47. Associated companies.

48. Provision of information as to unexpended balance, etc.

49. Cancellation or reduction of liability for development charges.

Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Em 2

Act, 1954

Section

50. Exchequer grants to local authorities.

51. Supplementary provisions as to Exchequer grants.

52. Recovery of certain sums from acquiring authorities.

53. Compensation for damage to requisitioned land.

54. Special provisions relating to minerals.

55. Modification of mining leases granted before 18th November, 1952.

56. Contributions to Ironstone Restoration Fund.

57. Recovery, on subsequent development, of payments under s. 59 of

principal Act.

58. Provisions as to monopoly value of licensed premises.

59. Applications for permission for industrial development.

60. Dispositions of claims under Part VI of principal Act.

61. Crown land.

62. Application of Act to London, and to Isles of Scilly.

63. Dissolution of Central Land Board.

64. General financial provisions.

65. General provisions as to calculation of value.

66. Provisions as to mortgages, settlements, ecclesiastical property, etc.

67. Application of miscellaneous provisions of principal Act.

68. Provisions as to regulations.

69. Interpretation.

70. Amendment of s. 19 of principal Act.

71. Minor and consequential amendments, and repeals.

72. Short title, citation, commencement and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Modification of provisions of principal Act as to development value.

Second Schedule—Claims pledged to Central Land Board as security for development charges.

Third Schedule—Payments under section fifty-nine of principal Act.

Fourth Schedule—Calculation of value of previous development of land.

Fifth Schedule—Apportionment of unexpended balance of established development value.

Sixth Schedule—Special classes of land for which planning permission is to be taken into account on compulsory acquisition.

Seventh Schedule—Enactments amended.

Eighth Schedule—Enactments repealed.

ie

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

969

An Act to make provision for compensation and other payments by reference to claims for payments under section fifty-eight of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947; to make further provision as to the acquisition of land by public authorities, as to compensation in respect of orders revoking or modifying permission to develop land and in respect of damage to requisitioned land, as to development charges, as to monopoly value of licensed premises, as to Exchequer grants under the said Act of 1947, and as to payments under section fifty-nine of that Act, and to amend other provisions of that Act; to make further provision for the modification of mining leases and orders granting working rights, and as to contributions to the Ironstone Restoration Fund; to make provision for the dissolution of the Central Land Board; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[25th November, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Special Payments for Depreciation of Land Values

1.—(1) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect Payments by for requiring payments to be made by the Central Land Board, refc55?^V) by reference to claims established under Part VI of the Town ®££"lshed ami Country Planning Act, 1947 (in this Act referred to as "the principal Act"), in cases where the land, or part of the land, in respect of which such a claim was established, or the interest in land to which such a claim related, or the benefit, or part of the benefit, of such a claim, has before the commencement of this Act been the subject of an act or event such as is specified in any of those provisions.

(2) The claims referred to in the preceding subsection are claims for payments under the scheme which, but for the provisions of section two of the Town and Country Planning Act,

1953 (in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1953 "), would have fallen to be made under section fifty-eight of the principal Act (which provided for payments in respect of depreciation of land values in accordance with a scheme to be made under that section).

2 H*

j

970

Ch. 72

Part I

—con

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Bijz. 2

Act, 1954

(3) A claim for such a payment in respect of an interest in land shall for the purposes of this Act be taken to have been established in respect of that land under Part VI of the principal Act if an amount was determined under the said Part VI, or is so determined after the commencement of this Act, as being the development value of the interest to which die claim related, and payment in respect of that interest would not have been excluded—

(a) by section sixty-three of the principal Act (which excluded claims where the development value was small in proportion to the area, or to the restricted value, of the land); or

(b) by any of sections eighty-two to eighty-five of the principal Act (which relate to certain land belonging to local authorities, development corporations and statutory undertakers, and to land held on charitable trusts); or

(c) by section eighty-four of the principal Act as applied by regulations under section ninety of that Act (which relates to the National Coal Board).

(4) In this Act the expression "established claim*’ means

a claim which by virtue of the last preceding subsection is to be taken to have been established as mentioned in that subsection, and references to the establishment of a claim shah be construed accordingly; and the expression " the claim area M, i in relation to an established claim, means the land in respect of which the claim is by virtue of that subsection to be taken to have been established.

(5) References in this Act to the benefit of an established claim—

(a) in relation to any time before the passing of the Act of 1953, whether before or after the making of the claim, or before or after the establishment thereof, shall be construed as references to the prospective right, under and subject to the provisions of the scheme referred to in subsection (2) of this section, to receive a payment in respect of the interest in land to which the claim related; and

(h) in relation to any time after the passing of the Act of 1953 (whether before or after the commencement of this Act), shall be construed as references to such prospective right to the satisfaction of the claim as subsisted immediately before the commencement of this Act by virtue of section two of that Act;

and references to part of the benefit of an established claim shall be construed accordingly.

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act; 1954

Ch. 72 971

(6) References in this Act to the amount of an established Part 1

claim are references to the amount determined, whether before —cont.

or after the commencement of this Act, under Part VI of the principal Act as being the development value of the interest in land to which the claim related:

Provided that the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of determining that amount, and where that amount was determined at a time before the commencement of this Act as an amount less or greater than it would have been if those provisions had at that time had effect in relation thereto, that determination shall be deemed not to have been made.

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, references therein to a claim holding are references to the benefit of an established claim, references to the area of a claim holding are references to the land which, in relation to the established claim constituting that holding, is the claim area, and references to the value of a claim holding are references to the amount of the established claim constituting that holding.

(2) The provisions—

(a) of the Seoond Schedule to this Act, relating to cases

where a claim holding was pledged to the Central Land Board; and

(b) of the Third Schedule to this Act, relating to cases claim

where a claim holding related to an interest in land holdings, their and a payment has become, or becomes, payable under areas and section fifty-nine of the principal Act (which provides values, and for payments in respect of certain war-damaged land) of vaIu«UnCnt in respect of the like interest in the whole or part of between parts that land with or without any other land, of areas.

shall have effect for extinguishing the claim holding, or reducing the value thereof, or for treating the claim holding as divided into two or more claim holdings and extinguishing any of those holdings or reducing the value thereof.

(3) Where by virtue of any disposition of part of the benefit of an established claim, not being a mortgage made otherwise than by way of assignment, different persons became entitled to different parts of that benefit, then, as from the date of that disposition (in this subsection referred to as " the relevant disposition "), each of those different parts shall be treated as having constituted a separate claim holding, and the area and value of each of those separate holdings at any material time after the relevant disposition shall be taken to have been such

2H*2

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning 2&3Em:

Act, 1954

as may, on the occasion of an apportionment affecting fr holding falling to be made for any of the purposes of this M be determined by the authority making the apportionment,* where that authority’s findings are referred to the Lands Trilsa under any provision of this Act, by that Tribunal, to be jut« appropriate in all the circumstances; and in mating gj determination the authority or Tribunal shall in particulars regard to the following principles, that is to say—

(a) that the aggregate of the values of all claim boh%

representing parts of the benefit of the same estabfe* claim shall not exceed the amount of that estabtiSs claim;

(b) that, subject to the preceding paragraph, where a

holding representing part only of the benefit of t established claim has been pledged to the Ceti Land Board within the meaning of the Secs Schedule to this Act, otherwise than as is meotix in paragraph 2 of that Schedule, and by virtue offc Schedule any deduction hills to be made from the it: of that claim holding by reference to an amount fe by way of development charge, the value of tk holding at the time of the pledge shall not be tils: have been less than the amount credited for 2 purposes of the pledge by reference to the bolding,

(c) that, in the case of the claim holding representing fc

part of the benefit of an established claim whttn die subject of the relevant disposition, not bog:! claim holding to which paragraph () of this site! applies—

(i) the area of the claim holding should be Qke to be the claim area of that established chiala the area of any claim holding to which the said pm graph id) applies which represents part of the beat of the same established claim; and

(ii) the value of the claim holding immedu* after the relevant disposition should, subjects paragraphs (a) and (b) of this subsection, be tikes have been that part of the amount of fc established claim to which the holder purported: become entitied under the terms of that disposes

(d) that where any person who has been entitled to 1 dm holding representing part only of the benefit of n established claim—

(i) at any time while so entitied has also bee entitled to the interest in land to which the estahfiskc

54

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

973

claim related in so far as that interest subsisted in part only of the claim area; and

(ii) became entitled to both that holding and that interest in such circumstances that the authority aforesaid or, as the case may be, the Lands Tribund are satisfied that the holding and the interest were intended to relate to one another,

the area of that claim holding should be taken to be that part of the claim area, and the value of that holding immediately after the relevant disposition should, however that or any other disposition affecting the holding was expressed but subject to paragraphs (a) to (c) of this subsection, be taken to have been an amount equal to so much of the amount of the established claim as might reasonably be expected to have been attributed to that part of the claim area if the authority determining the amount of that established claim had been required to apportion it, in accordance with the same principles as applied to its determination, between that part and the residue of the claim area.

(4) References in this Act to the fraction of the value of a aim holding which attaches to a part of the area of the holding re references to so much of the amount of the established claim I which that holding represents the benefit or part of the benefit n this subsection referred to as " the relevant established aim ") as was properly attributable to that part of the area I the holding:

Provided that where by virtue of any provision of this Act le value of the claim holding at the time in question is to be eated as less or greater—

(a) in a case where die area of the holding and the claim

area of the relevant established claim are the same, than the amount of that established claim; or

(b) in a case where the area of the holding consists of part

only of the said claim area, than so much of the amount of the relevant established .claim as was properly attributable to the area of the holding,

le amount of the fraction aforesaid shall be treated as reduced r, as the case may be, increased proportionately.

For the purposes of this subsection, the part of the amount f the relevant established claim which was properly attributable > any land forming part of the claim area shall be deemed to e so much of the amount of that claim as might reasonably e expected to have been attributed to that land if the authority etermining that amount had been required to apportion it, in

Part I

—cont.

974 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 &3 Buz. 2

, 1954

Part l accordance with the same principles as applied to its detenmna-—oont. tion, between that land and the residue of the claim area.

(5) References in this Part of this Act, other than in this section, to the value of a claim holding are references to the value of that holding immediately before the commencement of this Act.

(6) Where in accordance with any of the provisions of this Act a part of the benefit of an established claim constitutes a separate claim holding, the interest in land to which that claim holding related—

(a) if the established claim related to the fee simple of the claim area, shall be taken to have been the fee simple of the area of the claim holding;

(b) if the established claim related to a leasehold interest, shall be taken to have been that leasehold interest in so far as it subsisted in the area of the claim holding.

(7) Where in accordance with any of the provisions of this Act a claim holding (in this subsection referred to as " the parent holding ") is to be treated as divided into two or more claim holdings, a person who is for the time being the holder of one of those holdings shall be treated as having been the holder thereof at any time when he was the holder of the parent holding.

(8) In this Act the expression " the holder ", in relation to a claim holding, means the person for the time being entitled to the holding or, where die holding is subject to a mortgage made otherwise than by way of assignment, means the person who would be so entitled if the holding had not been mortgaged.

Payment where 3.—(1) The holder of a claim holding shall, subject to the pro-

development visions of this Part of this Act, be entitled by virtue of this ^einairrKl section to a payment in respect of that holding if either—

or person from whom he derives title (Case A).

(a) he has incurred a development charge in respect of land

to which this subsection applies; or

(b) he is entitled to an interest in land to which this sub-

section applies, and a development diarge was incurred in respect of that land by a person from whom he derives title to that interest or whose interest has subsequently become merged in that interest.

(2) The preceding subsection applies to any land which constitutes the area of the claim holding, or part of that area, or which includes that area or part of that area.

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

975

(3) The principal amount of a payment made in respect of a claim holding by virtue of this section—

(a) if the development charge was incurred in respect of the whole of the area of the holding, or in respect of land which included the whole of that area, shall not exceed the value of the holding;

(b) if the development charge was incurred in respect of part of the area of the holding, or in respect of land which included part (but not the whole) of that area, shall not exceed that fraction of the value of the holding which attaches to that part of the area of the holding.

(4) Subject to the last preceding subsection, and to the two next following subsections, the principal amount of a payment made by virtue of this section by reference to a development charge shall be the amount of the charge.

(5) Where apart from this subsection a payment would be payable by virtue of this section by reference to a development charge, and by reason of the payment of that charge—

(a) compensation has become payable (whether before or

after the commencement of this Act) under subsection

(1) of section twenty-two of the principal Act (which relates to cases where planning permission is revoked or modified), or the amount of any compensation so payable has been increased; or

(b) in connection with a compulsory acquisition of land

(whether before or after the commencement of this Act) the operation of subsection (4) of section fifty-one of the principal Act (which relates to planning permission granted before the notice to treat) has been excluded and the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition has been thereby increased; or

(c) on a sale to a public authority possessing compulsory

purchase powers (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) the sale price has been increased by being calculated on the basis that the operation of subsection (4) of the said section fifty-one was excluded,

the Central Land Board shall reduce or disallow the payment as the Board or, where the Board’s findings are referred to the Lands Tribunal under section thirteen of this Act, that Tribunal may determine to be appropriate, having regard to the compensation, or increased compensation, or increased price, as the case may be, payable by reason of the development charge.

(6) Where two or more payments are payable by virtue of this section in respect of different claim holdings but by reference to the same development charge, and apart from this

Part 1 —am

976 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 A 3Euz.2

, 1954

Part I subsection the aggregate of the principal amounts of those to. —com. ments would exceed the amount of the charge, each nidi pood pal amount shall be reduced rateably so that the aggregate of them is equal to the amount of the charge.

(7) In the following provisions of this Act references to a payment under Case A are references to a payment by virtue of this section.

Supplementary 4.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a developmea

provisions charge shall be taken to have been incurred in respect of tm rdating to land if the Central Land Board have (whether before or after

devejwment commencement of this Act) determined that the charge ia

cnargw. payable in respect of the carrying out of operations in, on. ow or under that land, or in respect of the use of that land* uj the whole or part of the charge has been paid or has becooe payable.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act the person bi whom a development charge was incurred shall be taken to be the person by whom or on whose behalf die charge was poi or. if die charge was not paid in full in the first instance, fe person who undertook with the Central Land Board to pay fc charge or the unpaid balance thereof.

(3) For the purposes of this Part of this Act the amount of i development charge—

(a) in a case where the Central Land Board determined tk

amount as a single capital payment, shall be taka t be the amount so determined;

(b) in a case where the Board determined that amon otherwise than as a single capital payment, shall be taken to be the amount of the single capital paynec which would have been payable if the Board had dee-mined the amount as such a payment

Payment where &—(1) The holder of a claim holding shall, subject to da land provisions of this Part of this Act, be entided by virtue of tk

compulsorily section to a payment in respect of that holding i& at a tint

acgJlilj° OT when he was entided in the same capacity both to the dak

pricewholly holding and to the interest in land to which the holding related,

or partly that interest—

excluding (a) was compulsorily acquired by, or sold to, a pubic

aeve opment authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, c

such circumstances that die compensation payable is respect of the acquisition of the interest, or the pos at which the interest was sold, fell short of the sms of the value of the holding and the existing use vibe of the interest; or

value (Case B).

954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

977

(b) was sold, otherwise than to a public authority possess- Part I ing compulsory purchase powers, at a price which —con/, fell short of the sum of the value of the holding and the restricted value of the interest.

(2) No payment shall be made by virtue of this section by eason that an interest in land was compulsorily acquired or old as mentioned in paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection f the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition thereof,

>r the price at which the interest was sold—

(a) was calculated in accordance with the provisions of

Part II of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944 (which provided for compensation based on market value, by reference to prices current at the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine); or

(b) was compensation calculated on the basis of equivalent

reinstatement, or a price agreed by reference to compensation so calculated.

(3) No payment shall be made by virtue of this section unless be transaction in question—

ia) if it was a compulsory acquisition, or a sale to a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, was effected in pursuance of a notice to treat served, or a contract made, on or after the sixth day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-seven, and before the commencement of this Act;

(b) if it was a sale otherwise than to a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, was effected in pursuance of a contract made on or after the said sixth day of August and before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, or in pursuance of an option granted on or after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and before the said eighteenth day of November,

id unless the acquisition or sale has been completed (whether efore or after the commencement of this Act) at the time when i application is made to die Central Land Board for the lyment.

(4) The principal amount of a payment made by virtue of this ction in respect of a claim holding—

(a) in a case falling within paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section, shall be the value of the holding, reduced by any amount by which the compensation or sale price exceeded the existing use value of the interest;

978

Ch. 72

Part I

—cant.

Town and Country Planning 2 &3 Fjjt 2

Act; 1954

(6) in a case falling within paragraph (b) of that subsection, shall be the value of the holding, reduced by any amount by which the sale price exceeded the restricted value of the interest

(5) In the application of the preceding provisions of this section to a case where the interest compulk)rily acquired or sold extended to land not included in the area of the claim holding—

(a) references to the compensation payable in respect of the

acquisition of the interest or to the existing use value of the interest shall be construed respectively as references to so much of that compensation or value as might reasonably be expected to have been attributed to the interest in so far as it subsisted in land included in the area of the claim holding;

(b) references to the sale price shall be construed as references to 90 much of that price as the parties to the sale may reasonably be supposed to have attributed to the interest in so far as it subsisted in land so included; and

(c) references to the restricted value of the interest shall be

construed as references to the restricted value of the interest in so for as it subsisted in land so included.

(6) In the application of the preceding provisions of this section to a case where the interest compulsorily acquired or sold did not extend to the whole area of the claim holding, references to the value of the claim holding shall be construed as references to that fraction of that value which attaches to the part of the area of the claim holding which was comprised in the acquisition or sale.

(7) Where an interest in land is the subject of a compulsory acquisition or sale such as is mentioned in subsection (3) of this section and—

(a) on or after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and

forty-eight, but before the date of the compulsory acquisition or sale, another interest had become merged with that interest; and

(b) the person entitled to the interest compulsorily acquired

or sold was at the date of the compulsory acquisition or sale entitled to a claim holding or claim holdings which related to either or each of the merged interests,

this section shall apply as if those interests had not merged but had been separately acquired from or sold by the person entitled to the interest acquired or sold; and the compensation payable in respect of the compulsory acquisition or, as the case may be.

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

979

the sale price shall be treated as apportioned between those part I interests accordingly: —cont.

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall prejudice the operation of the proviso to subsection (4) of the next following section.

(8) Where two or more persons are jointly entitled to a claim holding, then, for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not those persons are entitled to a payment in respect of the holding by virtue of this section, any act or event by virtue of which the interest of any one or more of those persons in any of the area of the claim holding passed to any other one or more of those persons shall be deemed not to have occurred.

(9) The provisions of this and the next following section shall apply in relation to any interest in land vested in the British Transport Commission by subsection (2) of section forty-five of the Transport Act, 1947 (which relates to the acquisition of road haulage undertakings by the Commission) as if that vesting were a compulsory acquisition of that interest and as if the notice of acquisition served under Part III of that Act by virtue of which the interest was so vested were a notice to treat.

(10) Without prejudice to section ten of this Act, paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section shall not apply in relation to a sale in consideration wholly or partly of a rentcharge.

(11) In the following provisions of this Act references to a payment under Case B are references to a payment by virtue of this section.

4.—(1) In the last preceding section— Supplementary

(a) references to the compensation payable in respect of the

acquisition of an interest, or to the price at which an compulsory interest was sold to a public authority possessing com- acquisitions pulsory purchase powers, shall be construed as excluding so much (if any) of that compensation or price as was attributable to disturbance or to severance or injurious affection; ib) references to the existing use value of an interest acquired by or sold to such a public authority are references to the amount of compensation (not being compensation calculated on the basis of equivalent reinstatement and excluding any compensation fen: disturbance or for severance or injurious affection) which was or would have been payable in accordance with the provisions of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, as modified by sections fifty-one to fifty-five of the principal Act.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, references in the last preceding section to the restricted value of an

980 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 A 3 Euz.2

Act, 1954

Part I interest in land, in relation to a sale of that interest, ire ids.

—cont. ences to the amount which, for the purposes of Part VI of fe

principal Act, would have been taken to be the restricted nhe of that interest on the appointed day if—

(a) the date of the sale had been appointed as the appointed

day for the purposes of the said Part VI and, so hr a required for the purposes of that Part, for the porpoia of the Third Schedule to the principal Act;

(b) references to the seventh day of January, mnetea hundred and forty-seven, in subsection (5) of sectioc sixty-one of the principal Act (which requires vital to be calculated by reference to prices current um diately before that day) were references to the date of the sale;

(c) in a case where the interest was sold subject to i mortgage, subsection (3) of section sixty-two of h principal Act (which requires a mortgaged interest to be valued as if the mortgage had been discharged) A not apply;

() in a case where the land was requisitioned land it b date of the sale and, by reason of a payment under the War Damage Act, 1943, the value of the claim holdbi referred to in subsection (1) of the last precede section was affected by a redetennination of develop ment value under paragraph 6 of the Fast Schott to this Act, the state of the land had been at fbete of the sale what it would have been at the begirap of the period of requisition if the war damage occurred immediately before the beginning of tta period; and

(e) in a case where the value of the claim holding aforoul

was affected by reason of the fact that Rule (3) of it Rules set out in section two of the Acquisition of Lot (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, was fe regarded as mentioned in paragraph 10 of the line Schedule to this Act, the reference in subsection (Hof section sixty-two of the principal Act to the sol Rule (3) were omitted:

Provided that where the Minister issued in respect of tfe land or any part thereof a certificate under section eighty of he principal Act (which relates to land ripe for development bete the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight) and attk date of the sale the development specified in the certificate had not been completed, then—

(i) that certificate shall be deemed not to have been issued; but

954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

981

(ii) the said references in the last preceding section shall be Part l construed as references to the amount aforesaid in- —com. creased by the amount of any development charge which, in the opinion of the Central Land Board, would have been determined to be payable in respect of so much of that development as had not been completed if it had been completed and if the certificate had not been issued and die charge had fallen to be determined at the date of the sale.

(3) Where, in determining the development value of the nterest in land to which the claim holding related, a deduction was made in accordance with subsection (6) of section sixty-one if the principal Act (which requires certain amounts prospectively payable as compensation for severance or injurious affection to be deducted in computing the unrestricted value of an interest) or where, in the opinion of the Central Land Board or, where the Board’s findings are referred to the Lands Tribunal under section thirteen of this Act, of the Tribunal, if the development value of the interest had fallen to be determined such a deduction would have been made, then, for the purposes of paragraph (b) of subsection <1) and paragraph (b)

Df subsection (4) of the last preceding section, the value of the :laim holding shall be treated as increased by the amount which would have been the amount of the deduction under the said subsection (6) if the date of the sale had been appointed as the appointed day for the purposes of Part VI of the principal Act.

(4) Where, in determining the development value of the interest in land to which the claim holding related, the restricted value of the interest on the appointed day was taken to be a minus quantity, or where, in the opinion of the Central Land Board or, where the Board’s findings are referred to the Lands Tribunal under section thirteen of this Act, of that Tribunal, if the development value of the interest had fallen to be determined the restricted value of the interest on that day would have been a minus quantity, then, for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) and paragraph (a) of subsection (4) of the last preceding section, the value of the claim holding shall be treated as reduced by the amount of that minus quantity:

Provided that where the whole or part of any liability or prospective liability which was or, as the case may be, would have been taken into account in calculating that restricted value had ceased to exist before the date of the compulsory acquisition or sale, the Board or, as the case may be, the Lands Tribunal may, if they think it just and proper so to do, waive in whole or in part, as may appear to them appropriate, any reduction otherwise falling to be made under this subsection.

982 Ch. 72 Town a Country Planning Buz. 2

, 1954

Part I (5) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a compulsory —con*- acquisition or sale of an interest in land shall be taken to have occurred on the date of service of the notice to treat or, as the case may be, on the date of the making of the contract of sale, or, in the case of the exercise of an option, the date on which the option was granted.

Payment where land disposed of by gift (Case C).

7.—(1) The holder of a claim holding shall, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, be entitled by virtue of tins section to a payment in respect of that holding if, at a time when he was beneficially entitled both to die claim holding and to the interest in land to which the holding related or another interest in which that interest had merged, he made a disposition otherwise than for valuable consideration, being a disposition by virtue of which he parted absolutely with the whole of his beneficial interest in that land.

(2) No payment shall be made by virtue of this section unless the disposition was made on or after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two.

(3) The principal amount of a payment made by virtue of this section in respect of a claim holding shall be the value of the holding.

(4) In the application of this section to a case where the disposition did not extend to the whole area of the claim holding, the last preceding subsection shall apply as if the reference to the value of the claim holding were a reference to that fraction of that value which attaches to the part of the area of the claim holding which was comprised in die disposition.

(5) Where, in determining the development value of the interest in land to which the claim holding related, the restricted value of the interest on the appointed day was taken to be a minus quantity, or where, in the opinion of the Central Land Board or, where the Board’s findings are referred to the Lands Tribunal under section thirteen of this Act, of that Tribunal, if the development value of the interest had fallen to be determined the restricted value of the interest on that day would have been a minus quantity, then, for the purposes of this section, the value of the claim holding shall be treated as reduced by the amount of that minus quantity:

Provided that where the whole or part of any liability or prospective liability which was or, as the case may be, would have been taken into account in calculating that restricted value had ceased to exist before the date of the disposition in question, the Board or, as the case may be, the Lands Tribunal may, if they think it just and proper so to do, waive in whole or in part, as may appear to them appropriate, any reduction otherwise falling to be made under this subsection.

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

983

(6) In the following provisions of this Act references to a Part 1 payment under Case C are references to a payment by virtue of this section.

8.—(1) The holder of a claim holding shall, subject to the Payment provisions of this Pant of this Act, be entitled by virtue of this section to a payment in respect of the holding if— pudbaaed

(a) he became entitled to the holding under a disposition to (Cmc

which this section applies, or derives title to it from a person who so became entitled to it; and

(b) at no time since the date of that disposition has the same

person been entitled in the same capacity both to the claim holding and to the interest in land to which the holding related.

(2) This section applies to any disposition for valuable consideration effected before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, or effected in pursuance of a contract of sale made before that day or in pursuance of the exercise before the commencement of this Act of an option granted on or after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two:

Provided that this section does not apply to mortgages.

(3) The principal amount of a payment made by virtue of this section in respect of a claim holding shall be the value of the holding or the amount of the consideration for the disposition, whichever is the less.

(4) For the purposes of the last preceding subsection, if the dispositions under which the holder, and any predecessors in title of his, became entitled to the holding include two or more dispositions to which this section applies, each of those dispositions other than the latest of them shall be disregarded.

(5) References in this Act to a payment under Case D are references to a payment by virtue of this section.

9. The holder of a claim holding shall, subject to the Payment provisions of this Part of this Act, be entitled by virtue of this under Case A, section to a payment in respect of the holding under Case A, l°

Case B or Case C, notwithstanding that apart from this section deriving title he would not be entitled to a payment thereunder, if he— from original

claim-holder.

(a) derives title to the claim holding from a person who would have been entitled to such a payment as aforesaid if that person had continued to be the holder of the claim holding; and

984

Part I —cont.

Payments in cases analogous to Case B.

Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 ELiz. 2

Act, 1954

(b) became entitled to the claim holding—

(i) otherwise than for valuable consideration; or

(ii) as mortgagee; or

(iii) as assignee under an assignment made on or after the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, which has been approved by the Central Land Board under subsection (2) of section two of the Act of 1953; and

(c) has not at any time been entitled in the same capacity both to the claim holding and to the interest in land to which the holding related; and

(d) is not entitled to a payment in respect of the holding under Case D.

10.—(1) The holder of a claim holding shall, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, be entitled by virtue of this section to a payment in respect of that holding if the interest in land to which the claim holding related or another interest in which that interest had merged was affected by an act or event such as is mentioned in the next following subsection, and the Central Land Board or, where the Board’s findings are referred to the Lands Tribunal under section thirteen of this Act, that Tribunal, having regard to the circumstances in which the act or event occurred, are satisfied that he would have been entitled to a payment under Case B if the interest so affected (in the next following subsection referred to as the " relevant interest") had been compulsorily acquired, or sold, in comparable circumstances.

(2) The said acts and events are—

(a) the grant of a tenancy immediately out of the relevant

interest, or die renewal or continuance of a tenancy so granted;

(b) a sale of the relevant interest or of that interest in so

far as it subsisted in particular land, where the consideration for the sale consisted wholly or pardy of a rentcharge;

(c) the compulsory acquisition of land other than the land

in which the relevant interest subsisted, or the sale of such land to a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, resulting (in either case) in damage sustained in respect of the relevant interest by reason of the severance of the land acquired or sold from the land in which the interest subsisted, or by reason that the relevant interest was injuriously affected, being damage in respect of which compensation fell, or if the sale had been a compulsory acquisition would have

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

CH. 72

985

fallen, to be assessed in accordance with the provisions of Part V of the principal Act (which provides for compensation on the basis of existing use value) as applied by subsection (4) of section one hundred and nineteen of that Act; and

(d) the occurrence of damage to the land in which the relevant interest subsisted, where the land was requisitioned land and the damage occurred during the period of requisition, being damage in respect of which compensation fell to be assessed in accordance with section two of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, as modified by section ten of the Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1948 (which limits the compensation to an amount calculated on the basis of existing use value).

(3) In determining, for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, whether the holder of the claim holding would have been entitled to a payment under Case B as mentioned in that subsection, the Central Land Board or, as the case may be, the Lands Tribunal shall have regard in particular to the time at which the act or event occurred, and to the times specified in subsection (3) of section five of this Act, and—

(a) in the case of a tenancy, to the capital value of the consideration for the grant, renewal or continuance thereof;

(b) in the case of a sale falling within paragraph (b) of the last preceding subsection, to the capital value of the rentcharge or, as the case may be, to the aggregate consideration represented by the price paid and the capital value of the rentcharge;

(c) in the case of a compulsory acquisition falling within paragraph (c) of the last preceding subsection or in a case falling within paragraph id) of that subsection, to the compensation paid or payable in respect of the damage referred to in that paragraph;

(d) in the case of a sale falling within paragraph (c) of the last preceding subsection, to the sale price in so far as it represented compensation in respect of the damage referred to in that paragraph,

and (in each such case) to the extent to which the consideration, rentcharge, compensation or price, as the case may be, failed adequately to reflect the development value of the interest in land to which the claim holding related, as measured by the value of the claim holding.

(4) In the case of the grant, renewal or continuance of a tenancy, a payment shall not be made by virtue of this section

Part I

—conU

986

Ch. 72

Part I

—cant.

Residual payments in cases analogous to Cases A and B.

Town and Country Planning 2 A 3 2

Act, 1954

if the Central Land Board or, as the case may be, the Lands Tribunal are satisfied, having regard—

(a) to the duration of the term for which the tenancy was granted, renewed or continued; and (b) to any restrictions on development subject to which the tenancy was granted, renewed or continued,

that the consideration could not reasonably be expected to have been greater if Part VII of the principal Act (which relates to development charges) had not been enacted.

(5) The principal amount of a payment made by virtue of this section shall be such amount as the Board or, as the case nay be, the Tribunal may determine to be appropriate, having regard to the matters specified in subsection (3) of this section and to the provisions of subsection (4) of section five of this Act

11.—(1) A person (in this section referred to as M the applicant ") shall, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, be entitled by virtue of this section to a payment in respect of a claim holding of which he is not the holder if—

(a) the applicant is entitled to an interest in land which

constitutes the area of the claim holding, or part of that area, or which includes that area or part of that area, and has incurred a development charge in respect of that land; or

(b) the interest in land to which the claim holding related

or another interest in which that interest had merged was (as respects the whole or part of the area of the claim holding) compulsorily acquired by, or sold to, a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers,

and the Central Land Board or, where the Board’s findings are referred to the Lands Tribunal under section thirteen of this Act, that Tribunal are satisfied, having regard to the circumstances in which the development charge was incurred, or the interest was acquired or sold, as the case may be, that the applicant would have been entitled to a payment under Case A or Case B if he had been the holder of the claim holding at all material times.

(2) Except in a case falling within subsection (4) of this section, a payment shall not be made by virtue of this section unless it is shown—

(a) in a case falling within paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection, that the person incurring the development charge, or a person from whom he derived title, had previously purchased the interest in land to which the claim holding related (either as respects the whole or a part of the area of the claim holding) from the person

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ca.72

987

who, at the time of the purchase, was the holder of the claim holding, or that he was the tenant under a tenancy created immediately out of that interest (either as respects the whole or a part of that area) by the person who was then die holder of the claim holding; or

(b) in a case falling within paragraph (b) of the preceding subsection, that the interest compulsorily acquired or sold had previously been purchased by the applicant, or a person from whom the applicant derived title, from the person who, at the time of the purchase, was the holder of the claim holding,

and (in either case) the Central Land Board or, as the case may be, the Lands Tribunal are satisfied that die consideration for the previous purchase, or the tenancy, as the case may be, did not wholly exclude the development value of the interest in land to which the claim holding related, as measured by the value of the claim holding.

(3) For the purposes of the last preceding subsection, a previous purchase shall be disregarded if it was a purchase by a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers.

(4) The case referred to in the exception mentioned in subsection (2) of this section is a case where a person who died on or after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and before the twenty-sixth day of February, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, was immediately before his death die holder of the claim holding and entitled to the interest in land to which the daim holding related, and by his will disposed of that interest and of the daim holding in such a way that the applicant—

(a) is entitled to that interest, or will (subject to the powers of personal representatives) be entitled to require that interest to be vested in him; but ib) is not entitled to the claim holding or to any interest in that holding or in the proceeds of sale thereof.

(5) Subject to the next following subsection, the principal amount of a payment made by virtue of this section shall be such amount as the Central Land Board or, as the case may be, the Lands Tribunal may determine to be appropriate, having regard to the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to payments under Cases A and B.

(6) Where apart from this subsection a payment would be payable in respect of a claim holding by virtue of this section, and one or more payments in respect of that holding are payable under any of Cases A to D, or under the last preceding lection, or the Central Land Board or, as the case may be, the Lands Tribunal are satisfied that one or more such payments

Part I —cont.

988

Ch. 72

Part I

—am

Payments not to exceed value of

claim holding.

Applications for payments under Part I.

Town and Country Planning 2

Act, 1954

would be or have been so payable if applied for, then for fa purposes of this section the Board shall subtract from the value of the olaim holding the amount or aggregate amount of fa payment or payments which are so payable, or which in fa opinion of the Board or, as the case may be, of the Tribunal would be or have been so payable, as the case may be, and shall treat that value as reduced, or the claim holding as extinguished, accordingly.

12. —(1) Where two or more payments are payable in respect of the same claim holding by virtue of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, other than the last preceding section, the authority determining the amount of any such payment shall apportion that amount between the different parts of fa area of the claim holding in such manner as appears to fat authority proper, and if the aggregate of the portions of the principal amounts of the respective payments so apportioned to any part of the area of the claim holding would, apart from the provisions of this subsection, exceed the fraction of the value of the claim holding attaching to that part of the area thereot those portions shall be reduced rateably so that the aggregate of them is equal to the said fraction, and the said principal amounts shall be treated as reduced accordingly.

(2) Where two or more payments are payable in respect of the same claim holding by virtue of the last preceding section, the aggregate of the principal amounts of those payments shall not exceed the value of the claim holding or, where that value is treated as reduced in accordance with subsection (6) of the last preceding section, that value as so reduced.

13. —<1) No payment under this Part of this Act shall be payable unless an application for the payment is made to the Central Land Board in such manner, within such period (not being less than three months from the commencement of tins Act), and accompanied by such particulars and verified by such evidence, as may be prescribed by regulations under this section, or as may be required by the Board in accordance with such regulations:

Provided that the Board may in any particular case (either before, on or after the date on which the time for applying would otherwise have expired) allow an extended, or further extended, period for making an application for such a payment

(2) Provision shall be made by regulations under this section—

(a) for requiring applications for payments under this Part of this Act to be determined by the Central Land Board in such manner as may be prescribed by the regulations;

1954 Town and Country Planning Ch. 72 989

Act, 1954

(6) for regulating the practice and procedure to be followed Part 1

in connection with the determination of such appli- —com.

cations;

(c) for requiring the Board, on determining any such application, to give notice of their findings (to the applicant, and, if their findings include an apportionment, to give particulars of the apportionment to any other person entitled to an interest in land which it appears to the Board will be substantially affected by the apportionment.

(3) Subject to the next following subsection, provision shall be made by regulations under this section—

(a) for enabling the applicant, if he wishes to dispute the

Board’s findings, or any other person to whom particulars of an apportionment have been given in accordance with the last preceding subsection, or who establishes that he is entitled to an interest in land which is substantially affected by an apportionment included in the Board’s findings, if he wishes to dispute the apportionment, to require the findings or, as the case may be, the apportionment to be referred to the Lands Tribunal;

(b) for enabling the applicant and, so far as the reference

relates to an apportionment, every other such person as aforesaid to be heard by the Tribunal on any reference under this subsection; and

(c) for requiring the Tribunal, on any such reference, either

to confirm or to vary the Board’s findings or, as the case may be, the apportionment and to notify the parties of their decision.

(4) Where on a reference to the Lands Tribunal under this section it is shown that an apportionment relates wholly or partly to the same matters as a previous apportionment and is consistent with that previous apportionment in so far as it relates to those matters, the Tribunal shall not vary the apportionment in such a way as to be inconsistent with the previous apportionment in so far as it relates to those matters.

14.—<1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where a Payments to person is entitled to a payment in accordance with the preced- be n»<j*by mg provisions of this Part of this Act, the Central Land Board Land shall pay to that person the principal amount of the payment together with interest thereon at the rate of three and onohalf per cent per annum from the first day of Jody, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, to the date of payment:

Provided that if the payment is made after the thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, the interest shall be calculated to that day instead of the date of payment

990 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 3 Eul;

; 1954

Part 1 (2) Where apart from this subsection a person would beentife

—corn. to a payment in accordance with the preceding sections of fa Part of this Act, the Central Land Board may set off agua the principal amount of that payment—

(a) any sum which, at the time when (apart from this wk

section) that payment would be due to be made, j owing to the Board by that person in rape of a development charge; and

(b) any sum which is then due to become payable by fr •person in the future in respect of a development ctag

or, where the aggregate of any such sums is greater that fc principal amount of the payment, a part thereof equal to hi principal amount; and the principal amount of the payment be made to that person shall for the purposes of the pnce&i subsection be treated as reduced accordingly, or, if & sums or parts of sums set off are equal to the principal vumi the payment which would have been payable apart from b subsection, the right of that person to receive any ptynef under the preceding subsection shall be extinguished:

Provided that for the purposes of paragraph (a) or W this subsection so much of any such sum therein mentioned a is attributable to interest shall be disregarded.

(3) Where the Board are satisfied that (apart from tk k preceding subsection) a person would have been entitled to i payment in accordance with die preceding sections of ii Part of this Act if he had applied for that payment within & period prescribed under the last preceding section, then, if be person has failed to apply for the payment within that pedoc or within any extended period allowed under the last pnoedk section, the Board may determine the principal amount of 6c payment to which he would have been so entitled, and the k preceding subsection shall apply as if he had become so otief to the payment and die principal amount thereof had beak j principal amount determined under this subsection.

Effect of 15.—<1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where:

payments on accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act a p* claim holdings. ment becomes payable in respect of a claim holding, tha.ii the purposes of the following Parts of this Act—

(a) if the principal amount of the payment is not ka tha

the value of the claim holding, the holding shall k deemed to have been extinguished immediately beta the commencement of this Act;

(b) if the principal amount of the payment is less than M

value of the claim holding, the value of the hokfif] shall be deemed to have been reduced immcdatyJ

954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

991

before the commencement of this Act by the principal Part I

Provided that if in the case of any claim holding a payment ecomes payable under Case D, then, regardless of the amount I that payment, that holding shall for the purposes of the allowing Parts of this Act be deemed to have been extinguished ^mediately before the commencement of this Act.

(2) The preceding subsection shall apply where two or more ayments under this Part of this Act are payable in respect of tie same claim holding, with the substitution for references to tie principal amount of the payment of references to the ggregate of the principal amounts of the payments.

(3) Where one or more acts or events have occurred whereby l accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act one r more payments become payable in respect of a claim holding n this section referred to as " the parent holding ") and any such ct or event did not extend to the whole of the area of the parent olding, then, both for the purposes of the preceding provisions f this section and for the purposes of the following Parts of this ict—

(a) the parent holding shall be treated as having been divided

immediately before the commencement of this Act into as many separate claim holdings, with such areas, as may be necessary to ensure that in the case of each holding either any such act or event as aforesaid extending to the area of that holding extended to the whole thereof or no such act or event extended to the area of that holding;

(b) the value of each of the separate holdings respectively

shall be taken to be that fraction of the value of the parent holding which then attached to the part of the area of the parent holding constituting the area of the separate holding;

(c) the authority determining the amount of any such pay-

ment shall apportion that amount between the areas of the separate claim holdings to which the act or event in question extended in such manner as may appear to that authority proper, and the portion of that amount apportioned to the area of any separate claim holding shall be taken to be a payment payable under this Part of this Act in respect of that claim holding.

(4) For the purposes of this section—

(a) a payment shall be treated as having become payable notwithstanding that the right to receive the payment has been extinguished by subsection (2) of the last preceding section;

amount of the payment:

—cont.

992

Part I

—cont.

Scope of Part II.

Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 . 2

Act, 1954

(b) any reduction of the principal amount of a payment by virtue of that subsection shall be disregarded;

(c) where in accordance with subsection (3) of the last preceding section the Central Land Board have deter* mined the principal amount of a payment, as bring a payment to which a person would have been entitled as mentioned in that subsection, that payment shall be treated as if it had become payable and as if the principal amount thereof had been the principal amount so determined.

Part n

Compensation for Refusal, or Conditional Grant, of Planning Permission

16.—(1) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect for enabling compensation to be claimed in respect of planning decisions made after the commencement of this Act whereby permission for the carrying out of new development of land to which this section applies is refused or is granted subject to conditions.

(2) This section applies to any land in respect of which planning permission is refused, or is granted subject to conditions, by a planning decision if, at the time of the planning decision, that land, or part of that land, has an unexpended balance of established development value.

(3) Where, on an application for planning permission for the carrying out of new development of land to which this section applies, a planning decision is made after the commencement of j this Act whereby that permission is granted (whether unconditionally or not), and the Minister certifies that he is satisfied that; particular buildings or works to which the application related were only included therein because the applicant had reason to ' believe that permission for the other development to which the application related would not have been granted except subject | to a condition requiring the erection or construction of those j buildings or works, then, for the purposes of this Part of this Act—

(a) the application shall be deemed to have included, in i

place of those buildings or works, such other development of the land on which the buildings or works were to be erected or constructed as might reasonably have been expected to have been included having regard to the other development to which the application related; and

(b) the permission shall be deemed to have been granted for

the other development to which the application related subject to the condition aforesaid.

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

993

(4) In this Act, the expression " planning decision " means a Part n

decision made on an application under Part III of the principal —com

Act (which relates to the control of development), and includes

any decision deemed to have been so made by virtue of section seventy-seven of the principal Act (which relates to development authorised under interim development orders before the commencement of that Act) or of section seventy-eight of that Act (which relates to unfinished buildings), or by virtue of any of paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 of the Tenth Schedule to that Act (which relate to certain applications made under the Town and Country Planning Act, 1932), or by virtue of any regulations made under paragraph 13 of the said Schedule (which relates to certain applications under the Restriction of Ribbon Development Act, 1935).

(5) In this Act, the expression " new development " means any development other than development of a class specified in the Third Schedule to the principal Act (which relates to development included in the existing use of land); and for the purposes of this Act new development shall be taken to be initiated—

(a) if the development consists of the carrying out of opera-

tions, at the time when those operations are begun;

(b) if the development consists of a change in use, at the

time when the new use is instituted;

(c) if the development consists both of the carrying out of

operations and of a change in use, at the earlier of the

times aforesaid.

17.—(1) For the purposes of this Act land shall be taken to Unexpended have an unexpended balance of established development value bal^>0^ immediately after the commencement of this Act if there are ^veil^ent then subsisting one or more claim holdings whose area con- value/^ sists of that land, or includes that land together with other land, and there is not then subsisting any claim holding whose area consists of part only of that land, whether with or without other land.

(2) Where subsection (1) of this section applies, there shall be attributed to the land referred to in that subsection—

(a) the value of any claim holding having an area consisting

of that land; and

(b) such fraction of the value of any claim holding whose area includes that land as attaches to that land;

and the unexpended balance of established development value of that land immediately after the commencement of this Act (hereafter in this Act referred to in relation to that land as its " original unexpended balance of established development value ") shall be taken to have been an amount equal to eight-sevenths of the amount or aggregate amount so attributed.

2 r

994

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 2

Act, 1954

Part II 18.—(1) Where in accordance with the last preceding section

—com, land has an original unexpended balance of established develop-Reduction or ment value, then, subject to the next following subsection, the extinguishment land shall be taken to have that balance at any time after the of balance. commencement of this Act except in so far as that balance is by

virtue of any provision of this Act to be treated as having beta reduced or extinguished immediately before that time.

(2) Where any land taken as a whole has an original unexpended balance of established development value, but at any time after the commencement of this Act an act is done or as event occurs in relation to any area consisting of, or including, part only of that land in consequence of which, by virtue of any provision of this Act, an amount would fall to be deducted from the original unexpended balance of that part of that land for the purpose of determining the unexpended balance thereof at any subsequent time, then, without prejudice to the operation of the preceding subsection with respect to any part of the land taken separately, the land taken as a whole shall be treated as not having any such balance at that subsequent time.

(3) Where compensation under this Part of this Act becomes payable in respect of the depreciation of the value of an interest in land by a planning decision, then, for the purpose of determining whether that land or any part thereof has an unexpended balance of established development value at any subsequent time, the amount of the compensation shall be deducted from the original unexpended balance of established development value of that land and the original balance of that land or that part thereof shall be treated as having been reduced or extinguished accordingly immediately before that subsequent time.

(4) Where any new development of land is initiated after the commencement of this Act, or was initiated before the commencement of this Act but on or after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, being land which has an original unexpended balance of established development value, then, for the purpose of determining whether that land or any part thereof has an unexpended balance of established development value at any subsequent time—

(a) if the development related only to that land, the value

of that development (ascertained, with reference to that subsequent time, in accordance with the provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act); or

(b) if the development related to that land together with

other land, so much of the value of that development (so ascertained) as was attributable to that land, shall be deducted from the original unexpended balance of established development value of that land and the original

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

995

balance of that land or that part thereof shall be treated as Part II

having been reduced or extinguished accordingly immediately —con/,

before that subsequent time:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any land in respect of any interest in which a .payment under section fifty-nine of the principal Act has become or becomes payable; and for the purposes of this subsection development initiated before the commencement of this Act shall be disregarded if—

(i) a development charge was determined to be payable

in respect thereof, or would have fallen to be so determined but for any exemption conferred by regulations under Part VII erf the principal Act, or by any provision of Part VIII of that Act; or

(ii) it has been certified by the Central Land Board with

respect to that development under subsection (3) of section fifty-eight of this Act that a development charge could have been determined to be payable in respect thereof if the circumstances referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) of that section had not existed.

15) Where an act or event has occurred in relation to any land in consequence of which any of the provisions of this Act requires an amount to be deducted from the original unexpended balance of established development value of that land or any part thereof, there shall be attributed to the various parts of that land so much of that amount as might reasonably be expected to have been attributed thereto if the authority determining the amount had been required to apportion it between those parts in accordance with the same principles as applied to its determination; and where two or more such acts or events have occurred in relation to the same land, those provisions shall apply cumulatively and the requisite deduction from the original unexpended balance of established development value of that land shall be made by reference to each of those acts or events.

19,—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a Right to person shall be entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of a planning decision such as is mentioned in of

subsection (1) of section sixteen of this Act if at the time of that dedans, decision he is entitled to an interest in any land to which the decision relates which has an unexpended balance of established development value, and the value of that interest, or. in the case of an interest extending to other land, the value of that interest in so for as it subsists in that land, is depreciated by die decision.

(2) Where an interest in land has (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) been compulsorily acquired by, or sold to, a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers (not being statutory undertakers or the National Coal

21 2

996 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Fjjz.2

Act, 1954

Part II Board), that authority, and any person deriving title from that —com. authority under a disposition made by that authority on or at any time after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, shall not be entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of a planning decision made after the service of the notice to treat, or after the making of the contract of sale, as the case may be, by reason that the value of that interest, or of any interest created (whether immediately or derivatively) out of that interest, is depreciated by that decision

(3) The last preceding subsection shall apply to land which has at any time on or after the first day erf July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) been appropriated by a local authority for a purpose for which the authority could have been authorised to acquire the land compulsorily as it applies to land in which an interest has been acquired as mentioned in that subsection, with the substitution for the reference to the service of the notice to treat of a reference to the appropriation.

(4) Where any land is at the date of commencement of this Act, or at any date thereafter becomes, operational land of any statutory undertakers or land of the National Coal Board of a class specified in regulations made under section ninety of the principal Act, the statutory undertakers or, as the case may be, the National Coal Board, and any person deriving title from those undertakers or that Board, shall not be entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of a planning decision made after the relevant date aforesaid by reason that the value of any interest in that land is depreciated by that decision.

(5) A person shall not be entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of depreciation of the value of an interest in land by a planning decision if he is entitled to compensation under subsection (3) of section twenty-two of the principal Act (which relates to planning decisions following upon the withdrawal of permission granted by a development order) in respect of depreciation of the value of that interest by that decision.

Compensation 20.—(1) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not

exclud^" be payable—

certain matters. to) in respect of the refusal of permission for any development which consists of or includes the making of any material change in the use of any buildings or other land; or

(b) in respect of any decision made on an application in pursuance of regulations under section thirty-one of the principal Act for consent to the display of advertisements.

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

997

(2) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not be payable in respect of the imposition, on the granting of permission to develop land, of any condition relating to—

(a) the number or disposition of buildings on any land; ib) the dimensions, design, structure or external appearance of any building, or the materials to be used in its construction;

(c) the manner in which any land is to be laid out for the (purposes of the development, including the provision of facilities for the parking, loading, unloading or fuelling of vehicles on the land; id)the use of any buildings or other land; or

ie) the location or design of any means of access to a highway, or the materials to be used in the construction thereof,

or in respect of any condition subject to which permission is granted for the winning and working of minerals.

(3) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not be payable in respect of the refusal of permission to develop land if the reason or one of the reasons stated for the refusal is that development of the kind proposed would be premature by reference to either or both of the following matters, that is to say—

(a) the order of priority, if any, indicated in the development plan for the area in which the land is situated for development in that area; ib) any existing deficiency in the provision of water supplies or sewerage services, and the period within which any such deficiency may reasonably be expected to be made good:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply if the planning decision refusing the permission is made on an application made more than seven years after the date of a previous planning decision whereby permission to develop the same land was refused for the same reason, or for reasons which included the same reason.

(4) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not be payable in respect of the refusal of permission to develop land if die reason or one of the reasons stated for the refusal is that the land is unsuitable for the proposed development on account of its liability to flooding or to subsidence.

(5) In subsection (3) of this section, the reference to the development plan for the area in which the land is situated is a reference to the development plan for that area as approved by the Minister or, if the plan so approved has been amended by the Minister, to that plan as so amended.

Part n

—cont.

998 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Euz.2

Act, 1954

Part U (6) For the purposes of this section, a planning decision —coni' whereby permission to develop land is granted subject to a condition prohibiting development of a specified part of that land shall be treated as a decision refusing the permission as respecd that part of the land.

(7) In this section the expression " means of access to a high-way " does not include a service road.

Compensation 21.—(1) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not

excluded be payable in respect of a planning decision whereby permission ^certain other infused for the development of land if, notwithstanding that permitted*0 refusal, there is available with respect to that land planning permission for development to which this section applies:

Provided that where such permission is available with respect to part only of the land, this section shall have effect only in so far as the interest subsists in that part.

(2) Where a claim for compensation under this Part of this Act is made in respect of an interest in any land, planning permission for development to which this section applies shall be taken for the purposes of this section to be available with respect to that land or a part thereof if, immediately before the Minister gives notice of his findings in respect of that claim, there is in force with respect to that land or part a grant of, or an undertaking by the Minister to grant, planning permission for some such development, subject to no conditions other than such as are mentioned in subsection (2) of the last preceding section.

(3) This section applies to any development of a residential commercial or industrial character, being development which consists wholly or mainly of the construction of houses, flats, shop or office premises, or industrial buildings (including warehouses), or any combination thereof.

General 22*—(1) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not

provisions as be payable unless a claim for it is duly made in accordance with the provisions of this section.

(2) A claim for compensation under this Part of this Act shall not have effect unless it is made before the end of the period of six months beginning with the date of the planning decision to which it relates:

Provided that the Minister may in any particular case (either before, ofl or after the date on which the time for claiming would otherwise have expired) allow an extended, or farther extended, period for making such a claim.

(3) Regulations made under this section may—

(a) require claims for compensation under this Part of this Act to be made in a form prescribed by the regulations;

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

999

(b) require a claimant to provide such evidence in support Part II

of the claim, and such information as to the interest —com.

of the claimant in the land to which the claim relates, and as to the interests of other persons therein which are known to the claimant, as may be so prescribed.

(4) Any claim for such compensation in respect of a planning decision shall be sent to the local planning authority; and it shall be the duty of that authority, as soon as may be after receipt of a claim, to transmit the claim to the Minister, and to furnish the Minister with—

(a) any evidence or other information provided by the claimant in accordance with regulations made under this section; and

(b) such other information (if any) as may be required by or under regulations under this section, being information appearing to the Minister to be relevant to the exercise of his powers under the next following section.

(5) Where a claim is transmitted to the Minister under the last preceding subsection—

(a) if it appears to the Minister that the development to

which the planning decision related was not new development, or that at the time of the planning decision no part of the land to which the claim relates had an unexpended balance of established development value, or that compensation is excluded by either of the two last preceding sections, the Minister shall notify the claimant accordingly, stating on which of those grounds it appears to him that compensation is not payable, and inviting the claimant to withdraw the claim;

(b) unless the claim is withdrawn, the Minister shall give

notice of the claim to every other person (if any) appearing to him to have an interest in the land to which the planning decision related.

23.—(1) The provisions of this and the next following section Review of shall have effect where a local planning authority has transmitted planning to the Minister, in accordance with the last preceding section, decisions one or more claims for compensation in respect of a planning decision, and the claim, or (if there is more than one) one or more of the claims, has not been withdrawn.

(2) If, in the case of a planning decision of the local planning authority, it appears to the Minister that, if the application for permission to develop the land in question had been referred to him for determination, he would have made a decision more

1000

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

, 1954

Part II favourable to the applicant, the Minister may give a direct*

—com. substituting that decision for the decision of the local planning j

authority.

(3) If, in any case, it appears to the Minister that perarissios could properly be granted (either unconditionally or subject to certain conditions) for some development of the land in question other than the development to which the application for permission related, the Minister may give a direction that the provisions of the principal Act and of this Act shall have effect in relation to that application and to the planning dedsioo-

(a) as if the application had included an application for permission for that other development and the detisioo had included the grant of permission (unconditionally or subject to the said conditions, as the case may be) for that development; or (b)as if the decision had been a decision of the Minister and had included an undertaking to grant permission (unconditionally or subject to the said conditions, as the case may be) for that development,

as may be specified in the direction.

(4) The reference in subsection (2) of this section to a decision more favourable to the applicant shall be construed—

(a) in relation to a refusal of permission, as a reference to

a decision granting the permission, either unconditionally or subject to conditions, and either as respects the whole or as respects part of the land to which die application for permission related; and

(b) in relation to a grant of pennission subject to conditions,

as a reference to a decision granting the permission applied for unconditionally or subject to less stringent conditions.

(5) In giving any directions under this section, the Minister shall have regard—

(a) to the provisions of the development plan for the area

in which the land in question is situated; or

(b) where a development plan has not yet become operative

with respect to that area, to any directions which he may have given to the local planning authority as to the provisions to be included in such a plan and to any other provisions which in his opinion will be required to be so included for securing the proper planning of that area,

so far as those provisions are material to the development of that land, and shall also have regard to the local circumstances affecting the proposed development, including the use which prevails generally in the case of contiguous or adjacent land, and to any other material considerations.

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1001

24. —<1) Before giving a direction under the last preceding Part n

section, the Minister shall give notice in writing of his proposed —com. direction to the local planning authority to whose decision that Supplementary direction relates and to any person who made, and has not since provisions as withdrawn, a claim in respect of that decision, and, if so required of

by that authority or by any such person, shall afford to each

of them an opportunity to appear before, and be beard by, a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose.

(2) Where the Minister gives a direction under the last preceding section, the Minister shall give notice of the direction to the authority to whose decision the direction relates and to every other person (if any) who made, and has not since withdrawn, a claim in respect of that decision; and where a notice under this subsection is given to a person who made such a claim, that person, if he does not withdraw the claim, may at any time within thirty days after the service on him of the Minister’s notice under this subsection give notice to the Minister modifying the claim.

(3) Subject to any modification by virtue of a notice given by a claimant under the last preceding subsection, where the Minister gives a direction under the last preceding section in respect of a decision of a local planning authority, any claim made in respect of that decision shall have effect as if it had been made in respect of the decision which by virtue of the direction is substituted for the decision of the authority, or, as the case may be, as if it had been made in respect of the decision of the authority as modified by the direction.

25. —(1) Subject to the next following subsection, where a General person is entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act provisions as in respect of the depreciation by a planning decision of the value to amount of of an interest in land to which the planning decision relates comPen8ation-which at the time of that decision has an unexpended balance

of established development value (in this section referred to as " qualified land "), the amount of the compensation shall be whichever is the less of the following amounts, that is to say—

(a) the amount by which the value of the interest, or, in the

case of an interest extending to other land, the amount by which the value of the interest in so far as it subsists in qualified land, is depreciated by the decision; or

(b) the amount of the unexpended balance of established development value immediately before the decision of idle qualified land in which the interest subsists:

Provided that if compensation is payable under this Part of this Act in respect of two or more interests in the same qualified land by reason of the same planning decision and the aggregate amount of compensation payable apart from this proviso in

2 I*

1002 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eijt. 2

Act, 1954

Part n respect of those interests exceeds the amount mentioned in paia-

—cont. graph (b) of this subsection, the amount so mentioned shall be

allocated between those interests in proportion to the depredation of the value of each of them respectively, and the amount of the compensation payable in respect of any of those interests shall be the sum so allocated to that interest.

(2) Where the land to which the planning decision relates, taken as a whole, does not satisfy the following conditions, that is to say—

(a) that the land is qualified land; and

(b) that every interest subsisting therein the value of which is depreciated by the decision subsists in the whok thereof,

then, for the purposes of assessing the compensation payable under this Part of this Act in respect of any interest subsisting in that land or any part thereof—

(i) the depreciation of the value of the interest by the

planning decision shall first be ascertained with reference to the whole of the land to which the planning decision relates in which that interest subsists;

(ii) the land to which the planning decision relates in which

that interest subsists shall then be treated as divided into as many parts as may be requisite to ensure tint each such part consists of land which either satisfies the conditions aforesaid or is not qualified land; and

(iii) the depreciation of the value of the interest ascertained as aforesaid shall then be apportioned between the said parts according to the nature of those parts and the effect of the planning decision in relation to each of them,

and the amount of the compensation shall be the aggregate of the amounts which would be payable by virtue of the preceding subsection if the planning decision had been made separately with respect to each such part.

Measure of depreciation for assessing compensation.

26.—(1) Any question whether, or to what extent, the value of an interest in land, or of an interest in so far as it subsists in (particular land, is depreciated by a planning decision shall, for the purposes of this Part of this Act, be determined in accordance with the provisions of this section; and in those provisions references to the relevant decision are references to the planning decision in relation to which the question arises.

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, the value in question shall be taken to be depreciated if, and to the extent to which, that value, calculated—

(a) as at the time of the relevant decision; but

*54

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1003

(b) as affected by that decision, by any grant of planning Part n

permission made after that decision and in force inline- —com. diately before the Minister gives notice of his findings on the claim for compensation in respect of that decision, and by any undertaking to grant planning permission so in force; and

(c) on the assumption that, after the relevant decision and

apart from any such permission or undertaking as aforesaid, planning permission would be granted for development of any class specified in the Third Schedule to the principal Act but not for any other development,

alls short of what that value, calculated as aforesaid, would lave been if the relevant decision had been a decision to the jontrary effect.

(3) If compensation under this Part or Part V of this Act, ir compensation for depreciation within the meaning of subjection (3) of section thirty-eight of this Act, has become, or becomes, payable in respect of another planning decision or in respect of an order to which the said section thirty-eight applies, being a planning decision or order made before the relevant decision in respect of, or of land which includes, the whole or part of the land to which the relevant decision relates, the calculation called for by the last preceding subsection shall be made on the assumption that that other planning decision was a decision to the contrary effect or, as the case may be, that that order was not made.

(4) In this section the expression " a decision to the contrary effect"—

ia)in relation to a decision refusing permission, means a decision granting the permission subject to such conditions (if any) of a description falling within subsection (2) of section twenty of this Act as the authority making the decision might reasonably have been expected to impose if the permission had not been refused;

(b) in relation to a decision granting permission subject to conditions, means a decision granting the permission applied for subject only to such of those conditions (if any) as fell within subsection (2) of the said section twenty.

27.—(1) Provision shall be made by regulations under this Determination section— of claims for

(a) for requiring claims for compensation under this Part compensation, of this Act to be determined by the Minister in such manner as may be prescribed by the regulations;

2 i* 2

1004

Ch. 72

Part II

—cont.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Fjj7 2

Act, 1954

(6) for regulating the practice and procedure to be followed in connection with the determination of such claims;

(c) for requiring the Minister, on determining any such claim, to give notice of his findings to the claimant and to every other person (if any) who has made a claim for compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of the same planning decision, and, if Ins findings include an apportionment, to give particulars of the apportionment to any other person entitled to an interest in land which it appears to the Minister is substantially affected by the apportionment

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, provision shall be made by regulations under this section—

(a) for enabling the claimant or any other person to whom notice of the Minister’s findings has been given in accordance with the preceding subsection, if he wishes to dispute the findings, and any other person to whom particulars of an apportionment included in those findings have been so given, or who establishes that he is entitled to an interest in land which is substantially affected by such an apportionment, if he wishes to dispute the apportionment, to require the findings or, as the case may be, the apportionment to be referred to the Lands Tribunal;

(b) for enabling the claimant and every other person to whom notice of any findings or, as the case may be, apportionment has been given as aforesaid to be heard by the Tribunal on any reference under this subsection of those findings or, as the case may be, that apportionment; and

(c) for requiring the Tribunal, on any such reference, either

to confirm or to vary the Minister's findings or, as the case may be, the apportionment and to notify the parties of the decision of the Tribunal.

(3) Where on a reference to the Lands Tribunal under this section it is shown that an apportionment relates wholly or partly to the same matters as a previous apportionment and is consistent with that previous apportionment in so far as it relates to those matters, the Tribunal shall not vary the apportionment in such a way as to be inconsistent with the previous apportionment in so far as it relates to those matters.

(4) Where compensation is determined under this section to be payable, the Minister shall pay the compensation to the person entitled thereto in accordance with the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act.

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1005

28.—(1) Where, on a claim for compensation under this Part Part II

of this Act in respect of a planning decision, the Minister deter- —com,

mines that compensation is payable and that the amount of the Apportion-counpensation exceeds twenty pounds, the Minister shall (if it me?t and appears to him to be practicable to do so) apportion the amount of the compensation between different parts of the land to which the claim for compensation relates, and shall include particulars of the apportionment in the notice of his findings under the last preceding section.

(2) In carrying out an apportionment under the preceding subsection the Minister shall divide the land into parts, and shall distribute the compensation between those parts, according to the way in which different parts of the land appear to him to be differently affected by the planning decision.

(3) On a reference to the Lands Tribunal under the last preceding section, unless the decision of the Tribunal will not affect the amount of the compensation or any apportionment thereof by the Minister, the preceding provisions of this section shall apply with the substitution for references to the Minister of references to the Lands Tribunal.

(4) Where, on a claim for compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of a planning decision, compensation has become payable of an amount exceeding twenty pounds, the Minister shall cause notice of that faot, specifying the planning decision and the land to which the claim for compensation relates, and the amount of the compensation and any apportionment thereof under this section, to be deposited with the council of the county borough or county district in which the land is situated and, if that council is not the local planning authority, with the local planning authority.

(5) Notices deposited under this section shall be registered in the register of local land charges, in such manner as may be prescribed by rules made for the purposes of this section under subsection (6) of section fifteen of the Land Charges Act, 1925, by file proper officer of the council of the county borough or county district.

(6) In relation to compensation specified in a notice registered under this section, references in this Part of this Act to so much of the compensation as is attributable to a part of the land to which the notice relates shall be construed in accordance with the following provisions, that is to say—

(a) if the notice does not include an apportionment under the preceding provisions of this section, the amount of the compensation shall be treated as distributed rateably according to area over the land to which the notice relates;

1006

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 2

Act, 1954

Part II

—cont.

Recovery of

COmpwSion section applies, on land in respect of which a notice

(in this section referred to as a " compensation notice ") is regis-* tered under the last preceding section, until such amount (if any) as is recoverable under this section in respect of the compensation specified in the notice has been paid or secured to the satisfaction of the Minister.

(2) This section applies to any new development—

(a) to which section twenty-one of this Act applies; or

(b) which consists in the winning and working of minerals;

or

(c) to which, having regard to the probable value of the

development, it is in the opinion of the Minister reasonable that this section should apply:

Provided that—

(i) this section shall not apply to any development by virtue

of paragraph (c) of this subsection if, on an application made to him for the purpose, the Minister has certified that, having regard to the probable value of the development, it is not in his opinion reasonable that this section should apply thereto; and

(ii) in a case where the compensation specified in the notice

became payable in respect of the imposition of conditions on the granting of permission to develop land, this section shall not apply to the development for which that permission was granted.

(3) Subject to the three next following subsections, the amount recoverable under this section in respect of the compensation specified in a compensation notice—

(a) if the land on which the development is to be carried out (in this subsection referred to as "the development area ") is identical with, or includes (with other land) the whole of, the land comprised in the compensation notice, shall be the amount of compensation specified in that notice;

(b) if the notice includes such an apportionment, the compensation shall be treated as distributed in accordance with that apportionment as between the different parts of the land by reference to which the apportionment is made; and so much of the compensation as, in accordance with the apportionment, is attributed to a part of the land shall be treated as distributed rateably according to area over that part of the land.

29.—(1) No person shall carry out any new development to

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1007

(6) if the development area forms part of the land com-tprised in the compensation notice, or includes part of that land together with other land not comprised in that notice, shall be so much of the amount of compensation specified in that notice as is attributable to land comprised in that notice and falling within the development area.

(4) Where, in the case of any land in respect of which a compensation notice has been registered, the Minister is satisfied that, having regard to the probable value of any proper development of that land, no such development is likely to be carried out unless he exercises his powers under this subsection, he may, in the case of any particular development, remit the whole or part of any amount otherwise recoverable under this section; and where part only of any such amount has been remitted, he shall cause the compensation notice to be amended by substituting therein for the statement of the amount of the compensation, in so far as it is attributable to that land, a statement of the amount which has been remitted under this subsection.

(5) Where, in connection with the development of any land, an amount becomes recoverable under this section in respect of the compensation specified in a compensation notice, then, except where, and to the extent that, payment of that amount has been remitted under the last preceding subsection, no amount shall be recoverable under this section in respect of that compensation, in so far as it is attributable to that land, in connection with any subsequent development thereof.

(6) No amount shall be recoverable under this section in respect of any compensation by reference to which a sum has become recoverable by the Minister under subsection (6) of section fifty-two of this Act or under that subsection as applied by regulations made under subsection (8) of that section.

(7) An amount recoverable under this section in respect of any compensation shall be payable to the Minister, and—

(a) shall be so payable either as a single capital payment

or as a series of instalments of capital and interest combined, or as a series of other annual or periodical payments, of such amounts, and payable at such times, as the Minister may direct, after taking into account any representations made by the person by whom the development is to be carried out; and

(b) except where the amount is payable as a single capital

payment, shall be secured by that person in such manner (whether by mortgage, covenant or otherwise) as the Minister may direct.

Part n —cont.

1008 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 2

; 1954

Part II (8) If any person initiates any new development to which this —com. section applies in contravention of subsection (1) of this section, the Minister may serve a notice upon him, specifying the amount appearing to the Minister to be the amount recoverable under this section in respect of the compensation in question, and requiring him to pay that amount to the Minister within such period, not being less than three months after the service of the notice, as may be specified in the notice.

(9) Where an amount becomes recoverable under this section in respect of the compensation specified in a compensation notice, then, for the purpose of determining any question as to the unexpended balance of established development value of any land at any subsequent time, except where, and to the extent that, payment of that amount has been remitted under subsection (4) of this section, so much (if any) of that compensation as is attributable to that land shall be treated as not having become payable and accordingly (notwithstanding anything contained in subsection (3) of section eighteen of this Act) shall not be deducted from that balance.

Part HI

Compensation for Compulsory Acquisition of Land

Application of 30.—(1) This Part of this Act applies to every compulsory

Pwt HI. acquisition of an interest in land, in pursuance of a notice to treat served after the commencement of this Act, by a government department or a local or public authority within the meaning of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, or by a person or body of persons to whom the said Act of 1919 applies as it applies to such a department or authority.

(2) In this Part of this Act, in relation to a compulsory acquisition, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say—

" the relevant interest " means the interest acquired;

" the relevant land " means the land in which the relevant interest subsists;

" the notice to treat " means the notice to treat in pursuance of which the relevant interest is acquired;

" excepted interest " means the interest of any such person as is mentioned in section one hundred and twenty-one of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 (which relates to persons having no greater interest than as tenant for a year or from year to year).

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act; 1954

€h. 72

1009

31. —(1) Where, in the case of a compulsory acquisition to Part III which this Part of this Act applies, compensation on the basis —com.

of existing use is payable in respect of the acquisition of the Compensation relevant interest, and any of the relevant land has an unexpended to include balance of established development value at the time immediately before the service of the notice to treat, then, subject to section eSSSied thirty-three of this Act, there shall be added to the compensation development payable in respect of the acquisition of the relevant interest apart value, from the provisions of this section—

(a) where the relevant interest is the only interest (other than excepted interests) subsisting at that time in any of the relevant land which has such a balance, an amount equal to that balance at that time less, in a case when the relevant interest is subject to a rent-charge, any rental liability of that interest within the meaning of the Fifth Schedule to this Act; or

(b) where the relevant interest is one of two or more interests (other than excepted interests) so subsisting, an amount equal to so much of that balance at that time as is ascertained in accordance with the provisions of the said Fifth Schedule to be attributable to the relevant interest:

Provided that no payment shall be made by virtue of this section if the relevant interest is a tenancy granted on such terms that, immediately before the service of the notice to treat, the person entitled to that interest is prohibited from carrying out any new development of the relevant land.

(2) Regulations made under this section shall provide for requiring persons entitled to interests in the relevant land, other than the relevant interest and any excepted interest, to be notified in cases where it is proposed, by virtue of this section, to pay compensation in excess of compensation on the basis of existing use, and for enabling such persons, in case of dispute as to the application of this section, to require the dispute to be referred to the Lands Tribunal for determination by that Tribunal.

32. —(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect as Additional respects a compulsory acquisition to which this Part of this Act JomP®^tion applies where compensation on the basis of existing use isfOT works payable in respect of the acquisition of the relevant interest and,

on or after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, but before the date of service of the notice to treat, buildings have been erected or works constructed in accordance with planning permission, either on the relevant land, or on other land, or partly in the one way and partly in the other, at the expense of a person who, at a time when the buildings

1010

Part III

—am

Protection

for

purchaser of

interest

subsequently

acquired

compulsorily.

Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Euz.2

Act, 1954

or works were erected or constructed, was entitled to an interest in the relevant land or some part thereof:

Provided that this section shall not apply—

(a) if the operation of subsection (4) of section fifty-one of the principal Act (which provides, with certain exceptions, for disregarding planning permission granted before the date of the notice to treat) is excluded in respect of that permission by virtue of the exception contained in paragraph (a) of that subsection or by virtue of any provision of this Act; or (b) if the compensation on the basis of existing use payable in respect of the acquisition would be the same whether or not the said subsection (4) operated;

and where, if the notice to treat had extended to a part only of the relevant land, the amount of the compensation on the bass of existing use payable in respect of the relevant interest in so far as it subsisted in that part would have been the same whether or not the said subsection (4) operated, this section shall have effect as respects the acquisition of the relevant interest as if the notice to treat had extended only to the remainder of the relevant land.

(2) If the value of the relevant interest immediately before the service of the notice to treat, with the benefit of any planning permission having effect at that time, is greater than it would have been at that time with the benefit of such permission if the buildings or works had not been erected or constructed, there shall be added to the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition of the relevant interest apart from the provisions of this section a sum equal to the amount of the difference.

(3) Where the last preceding subsection applies, then, in calculating the compensation on the basis of existing use which is payable in respect of the acquisition, it shall be ascertained whether that compensation is less than it would have been, or greater than it would have been, if the buildings or works had not been erected or constructed, and if so—

(a) the amount of the deficiency, or of the excess, as the

case may be, shall be computed; and

(b) the sum referred to in the last preceding subsection

shall be increased by the amount of the deficiency, or reduced by the amount of the excess, as the case may be.

33.—(1) It shall be the duty of the council of a county borough or county district, on application made to them in writing by any person with respect to particular land in the borough or district, to serve on the applicant, within a period of twenty-eight days from the date of the receipt of the application, a

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1011

notice stating whether or not the council propose to acquire within the next five years (whether compulsorily or otherwise) any interest in that land or in any part thereof, or have been notified by any public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers of a proposal of that authority so to acquire any such interest, specifying in the notice—

(a) any such public authority by whom the council have

been so notified; and

(b) any part of that land to which any such proposal of the council or other authority does not extend.

(2) If—

(a) the council of a county borough or county district have,

in accordance with the preceding subsection, given notice to a person that the council do not propose, and have not been notified of any proposal of another authority, to acquire within the next five years any interest in any land specified in the notice (in this subsection referred to as " the specified land "), being the whole or part of the land to which the application related; and

(b) the person to whom the notice was given has within

three months of the service of the notice completed, or entered into a bona fide contract for, the purchase of an interest in the specified land or any part thereof and given notice of the completion or, as the case may be, of the making of the contract to the said council; and

(c) that interest, or that interest in so far as it subsists in

any part of that land, is subsequently acquired compulsorily, and the first notice required to be published or served in connection with that acquisition, either by an Act or by any Standing Order of either House of Parliament relating to petitions for private bills, is published or served in accordance with that Act or Order before the end of the period of five years beginning with the date of service of the notice referred to in paragraph (a) of this subsection,

then, for the purpose of assessing the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition of that interest, subsection (4) of section fifty-one of the principal Act shall not apply to any planning permission in force at the date of service of the notice referred to in paragraph (a) of this subsection:

Provided that—

(i) if at the date of the publication or service of the first notice in connection with the acquisition such as is referred to in paragraph (c) of this subsection, the

Part III

— co

1012

Part III

— cm

Compensation to take account of planning permission in certain other cases.

Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Euz.2

Act, 1954

purchase mentioned in paragraph thereof has not been completed, this subsection shall not have effect unless the contract mentioned in the said paragraph (b) remains in force at that date;

<ii) this subsection shall not have effect in relation to a purchase by a company from an associated company within the meaning of section forty-seven of this Act

(3) If, in the case of an application under subsection (1) of this section, at the expiration of the period mentioned in that subsection the council have not served the notice required thereby, then, for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section, the council shah be deemed to have duly served on the applicant at the expiration of the said period such a notice as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of the said subsection (2) with respect to the whole of the land to which the application related.

(4) Without prejudice to the duty imposed by subsection U) of this section on a council to whom an application under that subsection has been made, the council may require the applicant to pay to them a fee of five shillings.

(5) Section thirty-one of this Act shall not apply for the purpose of assessing any compensation to the assessment of which subsection (2) of this section applies:

Provided that if the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition of the relevant interest would, apart from this proviso, be less than it would have been if this section had not been enacted, the said subsection (2) shall not apply in the case of that acquisition.

34.—(1) For the purposes of a compulsory acquisition to which this Part of this Act applies, subsection (4) of section fifty-one of the principal Act shall not apply to any planning permission granted—

(a) for any development of land of a class specified in the

Sixth Schedule to this Act; or

(b) for any development specified in a certificate issued under

section eighty of the principal Act (which relates to land ripe for development before the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight), or to any planning permission deemed to be granted by virtue of section seventy-eight of the principal Act (vdiich relates to unfinished buildings).

(2) Paragraph (b) of subsection (4) of the said section fifty-one (which provides certain exceptions from that subsection by reference to exemptions from development charges), and so much of subsection (1) of section three of the Act of 1953 as relates to the exceptions comprised in that paragraph, shall not apply for the purposes of any compulsory acquisition to which this Part of this Act applies.

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1013

35. —(1) If, in the case of a compulsory acquisition to which this Part of this Act applies, the appropriate authority is satisfied that the relevant land or some part thereof does not constitute or form part of the claim area of any established claim, but that a claim or claims in respect of one or more interests in that land, or, as the case may be, in that part thereof, would have been established if made, there shall be issued by or on behalf of the Treasury a certificate specifying—

(a) whether or not, in the opinion of the person signing the

certificate, section thirty-one of this Act would have applied to the compulsory acquisition if the claim or claims aforesaid had been established; and

(b) if so, what in that person’s opinion, after giving the person entitled to the relevant interest an opportunity to present his case, would have been the amount of the additional compensation calculated by reference to the unexpended balance of established development value of that land or that part thereof which would have been payable under that section in respect of the acquisition of the relevant interest.

(2) Where an amount has been specified as aforesaid that amount shall be added to the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition of the relevant interest apart from the provisions of this section:

Provided that if, after taking into account all the circumstances, the appropriate authority is of opinion that it is not just and reasonable that the whole of that amount should be so added or, as the case may be, that any amount should be so added, the said authority may direct that such lesser amount as he may specify shall be so added or, as the case may be, that no addition to the compensation aforesaid shall be made.

(3) In this section, the expression " the appropriate authority " means—

(a) where the compulsory acquisition of the relevant inter-

est by the acquiring authority requires authorisation by a single other authority, that other authority; or

(b) where the acquiring authority is a government depart-

ment and the compulsory acquisition does not require the authorisation of any other authority, the acquiring authority; or

(c) in any other case, the Treasury or such other authority

as the Treasury may in any case or class of cases direct.

36. —(1) In connection with a compulsory acquisition to which this Part of this Act applies—

(a) any compensation in respect of an interest in land for damage sustained by reason that the relevant land is severed from other land held therewith, or that any

Part in —coni. Additional payments in cases where no claim for development value has been established.

Compensation for severance, injurious affection and disturbance.

1014

Ch. 72

Part III —cont.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

other land (whether held with the relevant land or not) is injuriously affected, shall be assessed in accordance with subsections (2) to (7) of this section;

(b) any compensation for disturbance shall not be assessed at a greater amount than that at which it would have fallen to be assessed if Part V of the principal Act and the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act had not been enacted.

(2) In the subsequent (provisions of this section, the following expressions have the following meanings respectively—

" the compensation " means compensation such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection; " the interest affected " means the interest in respect of which the compensation falls to be assessed, in so hr as that interest subsists in land, other than the relevant land, which is affected by the injurious act or event; " the land affected " means the land in which the interest affected subsists;

" the injurious act or event " means the act or event in consequence of which the compensation falls to be assessed;

" other interest affected " means an interest other than the interest affected which subsists in the whole or part of the land affected and in respect of which compensation such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection is payable by virtue of the injurious act or event;

" qualified land " means land which immediately before the injurious act or event has an unexpended balance of established development value;

" the loss of development value " means the amount, if any, by which the value of the interest affected immediately before the injurious act or event, if calculated on the assumption that, until such time as the land affected might reasonably be expected to become ripe for new development, no use whatever could be made of that land, would exceed the value of that interest immediately after that act or event if calculated on the like assumption;

" the loss of immediate value " means the amount, if any, by which the difference in the value of the interest affected immediately before and immediately after the injurious act or event exceeds the loss of development value.

(3) If neither the land affected taken as a whole nor any part thereof is qualified land, the amount of the compensation shall be the loss of immediate value.

954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1015

(4) If the land affected taken as a whole satisfies the follow-ng conditions, that is to say—

(a) that it is qualified land; and

(b) that no other interest affected subsists in a part only

he amount of the compensation shall be the aggregate of the oss of immediate value and whichever is the less of the follow-ng amounts, that is to say—

(i) the loss of development value; or

(ii) the amount of the unexpended balance of established development value of the land affected immediately before the injurious act or event:

Provided that if one or more other interests affected subsist in the whole of the land affected, and the aggregate of the loss of development value of the interest affected and of any such other interest or interests exceeds the amount mentioned in paragraph (ii) of this subsection, that amount shall be allocated between the interest affected and any such other interest or interests in proportion to the loss of development value of each of them respectively, and the amount of compensation payable in respect of the interest affected in addition to the loss of immediate value shall be the sum so allocated to that interest.

(5) If the land affected, taken as a whole, does not satisfy the conditions mentioned in the last preceding subsection, then, for the purpose of assessing the compensation in respect of the interest affected—

(a) the loss of development value of the interest affected

and of any other interest affected shall first be ascertained with reference to the whole of the land affected in which the interest in question subsists;

(b) the land affected shall then be treated as divided into as many parts as may be requisite to ensure that each such part consists of land which either satisfies the conditions aforesaid or is not qualified land; and

(c) the loss of development value of each of the interests

aforesaid, ascertained as aforesaid, shall then be apportioned between the said parts according to the nature of those parts and the effect of the injurious act or event in relation to each of them,

and the compensation payable in respect of the interest affected in addition to the loss of immediate value shall be the aggregate of the amounts which would be so payable by virtue of the last (preceding subsection if each such part had been the whole of the land affected.

Part III

—cont.

thereof,

1016

Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Euz.2

, 1954

Part III (6) If in any case the amount of the compensation attributable —cont. to the loss of immediate value is less than the depredation in restricted value of the interest affected, subsection (3) of the next following section shall have effect with respect to the amoooot of the difference.

In this subsection, the expression "the depreciation o restricted value " means the amount, if any, by winch the value of the interest affected, immediately after the injurious act or event, would be less than the value of that interest immediately before that act or event if both values were calculated on the assumption that planning (permission would be granted for1 development of any class specified in the Third Schedule to the principal Act but would not be granted for any other development.

(7) In calculating value for any of the purposes of this section in its application to compensation for damage to land not held with the relevant land, being damage sustained by reason of the construction or erection of works on the relevant land, so account shall be taken of the use, or the prospective use, of those works.

Effect of

Part in on

unexpended

balance of

established

development

value

37.—(1) Where, in the case of—

(a) a compulsory acquisition to which this Part of this

Act applies; or

(b) a sale of an interest in land by agreement in pursuance

of a contract made after the commencement of this Act to a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, being such a department, authority, person or body of persons as is mentioned in sob-section (1) of section thirty of this Act,

any of the land in which the interest acquired or sold subsisted had an unexpended balance of established development value immediately before the relevant date (in this subsection referred to as " the relevant balance ’’), then, in determining whether that land or any part thereof has an unexpended balance of established development value at any subsequent time—

(i) for the purposes of section thirty-one of this Act and, unless immediately after the acquisition or sale there is outstanding some interest (other than an excepted interest) in that land to which some person other than the acquiring authority is entitled, for aD other .purposes of this Act, the original unexpended balance of established development value of that land shall be treated as having been extinguished immediately before that subsequent time;

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1017

(ii) if, immediately after the acquisition or sale, there is outstanding any such interest as aforesaid, then for the purposes of any other Part of this Act there shall be deducted from the said original balance an amount equal to any part of the relevant balance which is not, or which in die appropriate circumstances would not have been, attributable for the purposes of the said section thirty-one to any such outstanding interest, and the original balance of that land or that part thereof shall be treated as having been reduced or extinguished accordingly immediately before that subsequent time:

Provided that in the event of a subsequent compulsory acquisition of any such outstanding interest, being a compulsory acquisition to which this Part of this Act applies, the said section thirty-one shall have effect for the purposes of assessing the compensation payable as if this subsection had not been enacted.

(2) Where—

(a) in connection with a compulsory acquisition to which this Part of this Act applies an amount by way of compensation such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of the last preceding section was paid in respect of an interest in any land other than the relevant land; or

fb) on such a sale as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of the (preceding subsection, the price paid included an amount in respect of damage sustained by an interest in land other than, but held with, the land in which the interest sold subsisted, being damage sustained by reason of the severance of the land or by reason that the interest in that other land was injuriously affected,

and the said amount exceeds what was, or in the appropriate circumstances would have been, the loss of immediate value of that interest as defined in the last preceding section, then, for the purpose of determining whether that other land or any part thereof has an unexpended balance of established development value at any subsequent time, there shall .be deducted from the original unexpended balance of established development value of that other land an amount equal to the excess, or so much thereof as was, or in the appropriate circumstances would have been, calculated by reference to that balance, and the original balance of that land or that part thereof shall be treated as having been reduced or extinguished accordingly immediately before that subsequent time.

i(3) If in a case such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of the last preceding subsection so much, if any, of the amount mentioned in that paragraph as was, or in the appropriate

Part ID —con/.

1018

Part III —coni.

Amendment

of s. 22 of principal Act

Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Elk'

Act, 1954

circumstances would have been, attributable to the loss of diate value of the interest in question was or would hive boa less than the depreciation in restricted value of that iotas within the meaning of subsection (6) of the last preceding seccicc. then (whether or not the land in question or any part (hoot would apart from the .provisions of this subsection have fc* an original unexpended balance of established devdopm value) for the purpose of determining whether at any time & the acquisition or sale ithe land in question or any part the® has such a balance, but for no other purpose, it shall be dceae that immediately after the commencement of this Act a cfc holding subsisted with an area consisting of the land in quote and a value equal to seven-eighths of the amount of fc difference.

(4) In this section the expression " in the appropriate atm stances " means if the compulsory acquisition or the sale b been a compulsory acquisition in respect of which the of section thirty-one operated, and the expression " the rebar date " means the date of the service of the notice to treat or, a the case may be. the date of the making of the contract

Part IV

Compensation for Revocation or Modification of Planning Permission

38.—(1) In relation to orders to which this section appaa subsection (1) of section twenty-two of the principal Act file confers a right to compensation in respect of orders revoka or modifying planning permission) shall have effect as if h proviso to that subsection (which, with certain exceptions, includes compensation in respect of the depreciation in value i an interest in land) were omitted.

(2) This section applies to any order made after the ooa mencement of this Act under section twenty-one of the prisdps Act (which empowers local planning authorities to make oedo revoking or modifying planning permission previously graftal;

(3) In this Act references to compensation to which this Par of this Act applies are references to compensation payable under subsection (1) of section twenty-two of the principal Ac in consequence of an order to which this section applies, aft in this Part of this Act the expression " compensation for deprc ciation " means so much of any compensation to which thsa Part of this Act applies as is payable in respect of loss or damage consisting of the depreciation in value of an interest in had.

(4) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect c relation to the provisions of subsection (1) of the said sedir twenty-two as applied by subsection (3) of that section (which

>54

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1019

slates to planning decisions following upon die withdrawal of parT jy ermission granted by a development order) as they have effect —com. i relation to the said subsection (1) apart from the said subnotion (3):

Provided that, for the purposes of the application of the pro-isions of this Part of this Act in accordance with die preceding rovisions of this subsection, references to an order under section venty-one of the principal Act shall be construed as references > the planning decision whereby the permission in question is ffused, or is granted subject to such conditions as are mentioned i the said subsection (3).

39,—(1) Where compensation to which this Part of this Act RefstT!^? iplies becomes payable and includes compensation for depre- Jf1011 ation of an amount exceeding twenty pounds, the local plan- compensation ng authority shall (if it appears to them to be practicable for deprecia-do so) apportion the amount of the compensation for don. predation between different parts of the land to which the aim for that compensation relates and give particulars of ty such apportionment to the claimant and to every other rson (if any) entitled to an interest in land which appears to 5 authority to be substantially affected by the apportionment.

(2) In carrying out an apportionment under the preceding bsection, the local planning authority shall divide the land to parts, and shall distribute the compensation for depreda->n between those parts, according to the way in which Terent parts of the land appear to the authority to be ferently affected by the order in consequence of which the mpensatian is payable.

(3) Subsection (2) of section twenty-seven of this Act, i any regulations made by virtue thereof, shall have effect with pect to any such apportionment, subject to any necessary xlifications, as they have effect with respect to an apportion-mt under subsection (1) of section twenty-eight of this Act;

3 on a reference to the Lands Tribund by virtue of this ^section, subsections (1) and (2) of this section, so far as they ate to the making of an apportionment, shall apply with the >stitution for references to the local planning authority of orences to the Lands Tribunal.

4) Where compensation to which this Part of this Act >lies becomes payable and includes compensation for wedation exceeding twenty pounds, the local planning hority shall give notice thereof to the Minister, specifying amount of the compensation for depredation and any >ortionment thereof under this section, and subsections (4)

(6) of section twenty-eight of this Act shall have effect with ■yect thereto as they have effect with respect to compensation

1020

Part IV —com

Exchequer

contribution

towards

compensation

in certain

cases.

Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Buz. 2

Act, 1954

under Part II of this Act, subject, however, to any necessary modifications, and, in particular, with the substitution—

(a) for references to the compensation mentioned in that

section of references to the compensation for depreciation specified in the notice; and

(b) for references to the planning decision of references

to the order under section twenty-one of the principal Act in consequence of which the compensation a payable.

40.—(1) Where a notice under the last preceding section is given to the Minister in consequence of the making of an order under section twenty-one of the principal Act, and the circumstances are such that, if the permission revoked or modified by the order had been refused, or, as the case may be, had been granted as so modified, at the time when it was granted, compensation under Part II or Part V of this Act could have been claimed and would have been payable by the Minister, the Minister may, subject to the provisions of this section, pay to tk local planning authority a contribution of the amount appearing to bdm to be the amount of compensation which would have been payable by him as aforesaid under the said Part II or Part V:

Provided that the amount of any such contribution shall not exceed—

(a) the amount of the compensation for depreciation paid

by the local planning authority; or

(b) the unexpended balance of established development

value at the date of the making of the order of the land in respect of which that compensation was paid.

(2) Regulations made under this section shall provide, as respects cases where the Minister proposes to pay a contribution under this section—

(a) for requiring the Minister to give notice of his proposal

to persons entitled to such interests as may be prescribed in the land to which the proposal relates, and to such other persons (if any) as may be determined in accordance with the regulations to be affected by the proposal;

(b) for enabling persons to whom notice of the proposal

is given to object to the proposal, on the grounds that compensation would not have been payable as motioned in the preceding subsection, or that the amount of the compensation so payable would have been less than the amount of the proposed contribution;

1954 Town and Country Planning Ch. 72

Act, 1954

(c) for enabling any person making such an objection to

require the matter in dispute to be referred to the Lands Tribunal for determination; and

() where a contribution under this section is paid, for

applying with any necessary modifications the provisions of Part II of this Act as to the reduction or extinguishment of the unexpended balance of established development value of land as if the contribution had been a payment of compensation under Part II of this Act.

41.—(1) Subsections (1) to (8) of section twenty-nine of this Recovery, on Act shall have effect in relation to notices registered under the subsequent provisions of section twenty-eight of this Act as applied by developmental the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act as they have of

effect in relation to notices registered under the said section principal Act. twenty-eight:

Provided that in a case where the compensation to which this Part of this Act applies specified in such a notice became payable in respect of an order modifying planning permission, the said section twenty-nine shall not apply to development in accordance with that permission as modified by the order.

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, any sum recovered by the Minister under the said section twenty-nine as applied by the preceding subsection shall be paid to the local planning authority who paid the compensation for depreciation to which that sum relates.

(3) In paying any such sum to the local planning authority, the Minister shall deduct therefrom—

(a) the amount of any contribution paid by him under the

last preceding section in respect of the compensation to which the sum relates;

(b) the amount of any grant paid by him under Part IX of the principal Act in respect of that compensation:

Provided that, if the sum recovered by the Minister is an instalment of the total sum recoverable, or is recovered by reference to development of part of the land in respect of which the compensation was payable, any deduction to be made under paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of this subsection shall be a deduction of such amount as the Minister may determine to be the proper proportion of the amount referred to in that paragraph.

1021

Part IV —com.

1022 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Euz.2

Act, 1954

Part V

Compensation for Past Planning Decisions and Past Ousts Revoking or Modifying Planning Permission

Scope of 42.—(1) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall haw

Part v* effect for enabling compensation to be claimed in respect—

(a) of planning decisions made before the commencement

of this Act whereby permission for the carrying out of new development of land to which this section applies was refused, or was granted subject to conditions;

(b) of orders made before the commencement of this Act

under section twenty-one of the principal Act whereby •permission for the carrying out of new development of land to which this section applies was revoked or modified.

(2) This section applies to any land to which the planning decision or order related which satisfies the following conditions, that is to say—

(a) that at the time of the planning decision or order in ques-

tion the land constituted the area, or part of the area, of a claim holding; and

(b) that the claim holding referred to in the preceding para-

graph, or, where by virtue of any provision of this Act two or more separate claim holdings have been constituted thereout, one or more of those separate holdings whose area consisted of or included that land, was still subsisting at the commencement of this Act;

and in this Part of this Act, in relation to a claim for compensation in respect of any such claim holding so subsisting as aforesaid, any such land is referred to as " qualified land " and the claim holding is referred to as " the relevant holding

(3) Subsection (3) of section sixteen of this Act shall haw effect for the purposes of this Part of this Act as it has effect for the purposes of Part II of this Act, with the substitution for the reference to a planning decision made after the commencement of this Act of a reference to a planning decision made before the commencement of this Act.

Right to compensation in respect of past planning decisions, or past revocations, etc. of planning permission.

43.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the holder of the relevant holding shall be entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of such a planning decision or order as is mentioned in the last preceding section if—

(a) he is entitled to an interest in any qualified land; or

(b) having been entitled to an interest in any qualified land

at the date of the decision or order, he sold that interest (otherwise than to a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers) in pursuance of a contract

*54

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1023

made after that date and during the period beginning Part V

with the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred —emu.

and fifty-two, and ending immediately before the commencement of this Act, ind the value of that interest or of another interest which has nerged therein or, in the case of an interest extending to other and, the value of that or of that other interest in so for as it ubsisted in that qualified land, was depreciated by the decision >r order:

Provided that compensation shall not be payable under this fort of this Act in respect of an order under section twenty-one >f the principal Act so for as it relates to any particular land if—

(i) compensation in respect of that order is or was payable

by the local planning authority under section twenty-two of that Act; and

(ii) by virtue of paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection <1) of the said section twenty-two (which relates to development exempt from development charge by virtue of Part VIII of that Act) the compensation includes or included compensation in respect of loss or damage consisting of the depreciation in value of an interest in that land.

(2) A person who is entitled to the relevant holding as mortgagee shall be entitled to such compensation as aforesaid, notwithstanding that he does not satisfy the conditions set out in paragraphs < a) and (b) of the preceding subsection, if the mortgagor would have been entitled to such compensation if he had continued to be the holder of the relevant holding.

(3) For the purposes of this Part of this Act any question whether, or to what extent, the value of an interest in land or of an interest in so far as it subsisted in qualified land was depreciated by a planning decision shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of section twenty-six of this Act:

Provided that those provisions shall apply for the purposes of this Part of this Act—

(a) as if the reference in subsection (1) of the said section twenty-six to Part II of this Act were a reference to this Part of this Act; and ib) as if Part VII of the principal Act had not been enacted,

and in the application of subsection (2) of the said section twenty-six in a case to which paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section applies, no account shall be taken of any grant of, or undertaking to grant, planning permission made or given after the making of the contract of sale.

1024 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 But, 2

; 1954

Part V (4) For the purposes of the application of this Part of this Act —cont. with respect to such a planning decision as aforesaid, subsections (2) to (4) of section nineteen, subsections (1), (2), (6) and (7) of section twenty, and section twenty-one of this Act shall have effect as they have effect for the purposes of Part II of this Act: Provided that, in a case to which paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section applies, for the reference in die said section twenty-one to the Minister’s giving notice of his findings in respect of the claim for compensation there shall be substituted a reference to the making of the contract of sale.

(5) In determining for the purposes of a claim for compensation under this Part of this Act whether, or to what extent, die value of an interest in land was depreciated by such an order as aforesaid—

(a) regard shall be had to any compensation which has

become payable to the person entitled to that interest in respect of that order under section twenty-two of the principal Act otherwise than by virtue of the proviso to subsection (1) of that section;

(b) any grant of, or undertaking to grant, planning permis-

sion made or given during the period between the making of the order and the time when the Minister gives notice of his findings in respect of that claim, being a grant or undertaking which is in force at the end of that period, shall be taken into account as if it had been in force at the beginning of that period;

(c) Part VII of the principal Act shall be deemed not to

have applied after the date when die order was made: Provided that, in a case to which paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section applies, no account shall be taken of any grant or undertaking made or given after the making of the contract of sale.

(6) Where the interest to which the holder of the relevant holding is entitled or, as the case may be, which he sold, s or was an interest in reversion immediately expectant upon the termination of a tenancy granted after the planning decision or order and on or after the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect as if that tenancy had not been granted.

General 44*—O) Subject to the next following subsection, where a

provisions as person is entitled to compensation under this Part of this Ad to amount of in respect of the depreciation of the value of an interest in fb™Das^UOn quatified land by a planning decision or order, the principal planning amount of the compensation shall be whichever is the less of the decisions, following amounts, that is to say—

revocations, (a) the amount by which die value of the interest, or, in the

etc* case of an interest extending to other land, the amount

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1025

by which the value of the interest in so far as it Part V subsisted in the qualified land, was depreciated by the .

decision or order; or

(b) the value of the relevant holding at the commencement of this Act or, if the qualified land in which the interest subsisted constituted part only of the area of the relevant holding, the fraction of the said value which attached to that qualified land:

Provided that where the same person is entitled to such compensation as aforesaid in respect of more than one relevant holding, or in respect of more than one interest, or in respect both of more than one relevant holding and of more than one interest, the aggregate principal amount payable to that person by way of such compensation in respect of all interests in respect of which be is so entitled in so far as they subsisted in the same land shall not exceed whichever is the less of the following amounts, that is to say—

(i) the aggregate of the amounts by which the value of

each respectively of those interests in so far as it subsisted in that land was depreciated by the decision or order; or

(ii) the aggregate of the fractions of the respective values of all relevant holdings of which that person is the holder which attached to that land.

(2) If the whole of the land to which the planning decision ot order related in which the interest subsisted is not qualified land, then, for the purposes of paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection, the depreciation of the value of the interest by reason 3f the decision or order shall first be ascertained with reference to the whole of the land aforesaid and shall then be apportioned between the parts of that land which respectively are and are not qualified land according to the nature of those parts and the effect of the planning decision or order in relation thereto.

45.—(1) The provisions of sections twenty-two and twenty- Claims for seven of this Act, shall, with the necessary modifications, compensation ipply for the purposes of this Part of this Act: MdreviewV*

Provided that subsection (2) of the said section twenty-two of past shall so apply with the substitution for the reference to the date of the planning decision of a reference to the commencement of orders* this Act.

(2) The following provisions of this section shall have effect vhere a local planning authority has transmitted to the Minister )ne or more claims for compensation under this Part of this Act, and the claim, or (if there is more than one) one or more of the claims, has not been withdrawn.

2 K

1026 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 3 Eul

, 1954

Part V (3) If the claim is in respect of a refusal of penoaioc, —com. of a grant of permission subject to conditions, and it appq to the Minister that, if an application for the like pernfaq were made, and were referred to him for determioatioi. fa would make a decision more favourable to the applicant, & Minister may give a direction substituting that decision for) planning decision to which the claim relates.

In this subsection, the reference to a decision more (ratable to the applicant shall be construed—

(a) in relation to a refusal of permission, as a refemci

a decision granting the permission, either tionally or subject to conditions, and either as rapes the whole or as respects part of the land to wind) application for permission related; and

(b) in relation to a grant of permission subject to cou&ci

as a reference to a decision granting die penbk applied for unconditionally or subject to less stnc conditions.

(4) If the claim is in respect of a refusal of penmmoc.f an order revoking permission, and it appears to the Mae that permission could properly be granted for some devdopK of the land in question other than the development to iia| the application for permission related, the Minister may gjti direction that the provisions of the principal Act and of fa Act shall have effect in relation to that application, aod to 6 planning decision or order to which the claim relates, is if fa decision or order had been a decision of the Minister vbc included an undertaking to grant permission for that 6cm ment

(5) The provisions of section twenty-four of this Act £ with the necessary modifications, apply for the purposes of s section.

Payment of 46.—(1) Where compensation is payable in accordance n

compen^tion the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, the Mae under Part v, pay to the person entitled thereto die principal amotai supplementary the compensation payable, together with interest thereon it fc provisions rate of three and one-half per cent per annum from the fa

relating day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight to the (fete:

thcreto* payment:

Provided that if the payment is made after the thirtieth of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, the interest shall be & culated to that day instead of the date of payment

(2) Where compensation under this Part of this Act is pajfat in respect of a planning decision or order by reference to a dm holding, then, for the purposes of the application of this Pm

54

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1027

is Act to any subsequent planning decision or order, and for Part V i purposes of Parts II and III of this Act— —com.

(a) if the principal amount of the compensation is equal to

the value of the claim holding at the commencement of this Act '(ascertained apart from this section), the holding shall be deemed to have been extinguished immediately before the commencement of this Act;

(b) if the principal amount of the compensation is less than the value of the claim holding at the commencement of this Act (ascertained apart from this section)', the value of the holding shall be deemed to have been reduced, immediately before the commencement of this Act, by the principal amount of the compensation:

Provided that if at any time an amount becomes recoverable der section twenty-nine of this Act, as applied by the suhse-snt provisions of this section, in respect of that compensation,

;n, for the purposes of Parts II and III of this Act, paragraphs and (b) of this subsection shall have effect as from that time as he principal amount of that compensation had been reduced a sum equal to seven-eighths of the amount which has so x>me recoverable.

3) Where, in the case of any claim holding <in this subsection erred to as " the parent holding "), compensation under this 1 of this Act is payable in respect of the depreciation of an nest in land by one or more planning decisions or orders,

1 any such decision or order did not extend to the whole of area of the parent holding, then, both for the purposes of last preceding subsection and for the purposes of Parts II I III of this Act—

(a) the parent holding shall be treated as having been divided immediately before the commencement of this Act into as many separate claim holdings, with such areas, as may be necessary to ensure that in the case of each holding either any such decision or order extending to the area of that holding extended to the whole thereof or that no such decision or order extended to the area of that holding;

(b) the value of each of the separate holdings respectively

shall be taken to be that fraction of the value of the parent holding which then attached to the part of the area of the parent holding constituting the area of the separate holding;

(c) the authority determining the amount of any such com-

pensation shall apportion that amount between the areas of the separate claim holdings to which the decision or order in question extended in such manner

2 K 2

1028

Part V —coni.

Associated

companies.

Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Euz.2

Act, 1954

as appears to that authority proper, and the portion of that amount apportioned to the area of any separate claim holding shall be taken to be compensation payable under this Part of this Act in respect of that chtn holding.

(4) The provisions of sections twenty-eight and twenty-nine of this Act, except subsection (9) of the said section twenty-nine, shall have effect in relation to compensation under this Part of this Act, whether by way of principal or by way of interest, as they have effect in relation to compensation under Part II of this Act, and shall so apply as if references in the said section twenty-eight to a planning decision included references to an order under section twenty-one of the principal Act:

Provided that, in a case where the compensation under this Part of this Act specified in a notice registered under the said section twenty-eight as applied by this subsection became payable in respect of an order modifying planning permission, the said section twenty-nine shall not apply to development in accordance with that permission as modified by die order.

Part VI

Miscellaneous and Supplementary Provisions

47.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in Part I of this Act, no person shall be entitled to a payment under section five, seven, eight, ten or eleven of this Act by virtue of a disposition between companies which at the time of the disposition were associated companies.

(2) Where a company is the holder of a claim holding, then, for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not that company is entitled to a payment in respect of the holding under Part 1 or Part V of tins Act, any act or event which occurred in relation to another company which at the time of that act or event was, or after that time but before the twenty-sixth day of February, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, became, associated with the company which holds the claim holding shall be treated as having occurred in relation to the company which holds the claim bolding, and an interest in land held by any other company for the time being associated with the company which holds the claim holding shall be treated as being held by the company which holds the claim holding.

(3) For the purposes of this section, a company shall be treated as associated with another company if, and only it within the meaning of section one hundred and fifty-four of the Companies Act, 1948, one of those companies is a subsidiary of the other, or both those companies are subsidiaries of the same holding company.

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1029

48.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Central Part VI Land Board shall, upon application therefor being made to them —cant. at any time by any person, and may at any time, if they think Provision of fit, without any application being made therefor, issue a certifi- informationi as cate in the prescribed form with respect to any land stating whether or not any of that land has an original unexpended * balance of established development value and, if it has such a balance—

(a) giving a general statement of what was taken by the Board for the purposes of Part VI of the principal Act to be the state of that land on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight; and (b) specifying (subject to any outstanding claims under Part I or Part V of this Act) the amount of that original balance,

and any such certificate may, if the Board think fit, contain additional information with respect to acts or events in consequence of which, by virtue of any provision of this Act, a deduction falls to be made from that original balance in determining the unexpended balance, if any, of established development value of any of that land at any time thereafter.

(2) Where, after the commencement of this Act, a notice to treat has been served with a view to the compulsory acquisition of an interest in any land by any public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, being such a department, authority, person or body of persons as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section thirty of this Act, that authority may apply to the Central Land Board for, and shall be entitled to the issue of, a certificate showing the unexpended balance of established development value, if any, of any of that land immediately before the service of that notice.

(3) Where the issue of a certificate under this section with respect to any land involves a new apportionment or, in the case of a certificate under the last preceding subsection, involves the calculation of a deduction from the original unexpended balance of established development value of the land by virtue of subsection (4) of section eighteen of this Act, then—

(a) except in the case of a certificate under the last preceding

subsection or of a certificate which the Board propose to issue without any application being made therefor, the certificate shall not be issued otherwise than on tibe application of a person for the time being entided to an interest in the land;

(b) before issuing the certificate, the Board shall give notice in writing to any person entitled to an interest in land which it appears to die Board will be substantially affected by the apportionment or calculation, giving particulars of the proposed apportionment or calculation and stating that objections or other representations

1030

Ch. 72

Part VI

—cont.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Put 2

Act, 1954

with respect thereto may be made to the Board within thirty days from the date of the notice; and

(c) the certificate shall not be issued before the date of expiration of the said thirty days, and if at that date an objection to the proposed apportionment or calculation has been made by any person to whom notice has been given under the last preceding paragraph, or by any other person who establishes that he is entitled to an interest in land which is substantially affected by the apportionment or calculation, and that objection has not been withdrawn, die next following subsection shall have effect

(4) Where by virtue of paragraph (c) of the last preceding subsection this subsection is to have effect then—

(a) if within a further period of thirty days the person by

whom any such objection was made requires the dispute to be referred to the Lands Tribunal, the dispute shall be so referred and the certificate shall not be issued until either the Tribunal has decided the matter or the reference to the Tribunal has been withdrawn;

(b) the certificate may be issued before the expiration of

the said further period if every such objection has been withdrawn; and <c) the certificate shall be issued at the date of expiration of the said further period, notwithstanding that every such objection has not been withdrawn, if no requirement has by that date been made under paragraph (a) of this subsection.

(5) Where, on a reference to the Lands Tribunal under this section, it is shown that a new apportionment relates partly to the same matters as any previous apportionment and is consistent with that previous apportionment in so for as it relates to those matters, the Tribunal shall not vary the new apportionment in such a way as to be inconsistent with the previous apportionment in so far as it relates to those matters.

(6) A certificate under subsection (2) of this section shall be conclusive evidence of the unexpended balance shown therein, and a certificate under subsection (1) of this section shall be sufficient proof of any facts stated therein unless the contrary is shown.

(7) An application for a certificate under this section shall be made in such form and manner as may be prescribed, and shall be accompanied by sufficient particulars, including a map if necessary, to enable the land to be identified and, where a new apportionment will be involved, particulars of the nature of the applicant’s interest and such information as to the nature of any other interest in the land and as to the name and address of the person entitled to that other interest as may be known to the applicant.

>54

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1031

(8) On any application under subsection (1) of this section tie applicant shall pay in the prescribed manner a fee of five hillings and, if the application involves a new apportionment, he certificate shall not be issued until the applicant has paid in he prescribed manner a further fee of fifteen shillings.

(9) In this section, the expression " new apportionment " neans an apportionment which relates wholly or partly to any natters relating to which there has not been a previous appor-ionment

49.—<1) The provisions of this section shall have effect in ases where at the commencement of this Act the whole or part >f a development charge remains unpaid and, apart from this ection, the charge or the unpaid balance thereof would then )e payable, or would thereafter become payable, to the Central Land Board.

(2) If under Part I of this Act the Board set off the whole of the charge, or the unpaid balance thereof, against a payment thereunder, as being a payment which (but for the set-off) would be payable by the Board under the said Part I, or would have been so payable if applied for, the development charge and any liability of any person in respect thereof shall thereupon be discharged.

(3) If under Part I of this Act the Board set off part of the charge, or of the unpaid balance thereof, as mentioned in the last preceding subsection, the development charge, or the unpaid balance thereof, shall be treated as reduced by the amount so set off and any liability of any person in respect thereof shall be modified accordingly.

(4) Where, for the purposes of the Second Schedule to this Act, one or more development charges such as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section are covered by a pledge of one or more claim holdings to the Central Land Board, and by virtue of the provisions of that Schedule one or more of those claim holdings are deemed to have been extinguished or reduced in value by reference to the unpaid balance of the charge or, as the case may be, the aggregate of the unpaid balances of the charges, as therein mentioned, a sum equal to, or to the aggregate of—

(a) the value of any such holding which is deemed to have

been extinguished; and

(b) the amount of the reduction in the value of any such

holding which is deemed to have been reduced in value but not extinguished,

shall be deducted from that balance or that aggregate of balances and—

(i) if that sum is equal to that balance or aggregate of balances, the charge or charges and any liability of any person in respect thereof shall be discharged;

Part VI —cant.

Cancellation or reduction of liability for development charges.

1032

Part VI

—cont.

Exchequer grants to local

authorities.

Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 ?

Act, 1954

(ii) if that sum is less than that balance or aggregate of balances, the charge or charges, or the balance or respective balances thereof remaining unpaid at the commencement of this Act, shall be reduced by an amount, or, as the case may be, shall be reduced rateably by an aggregate amount, equal to that sum:

Provided that where paragraph 2 of the Second Schedule to this Act applies, any development charge in connection with which the claim holding in question was pledged in accordance with the arrangements mentioned in subparagraph (1) of that paragraph and any liability of any person in respect thereof shall be discharged without regard to the treatment of the claim holding in question.

(5) Where the Central Land Board agreed that payment of a development charge should be postponed in accordance with the special arrangements relating to the accommodation of agricultural workers, die Board shall treat die development charge and any liability of any person in respect thereof as discharged.

(6) In the case of a development charge which is discharged by virtue of paragraph (i) of subsection (4) of this section—

(a) if no sum had been paid to the Central Land Board on

account of the charge, the charge shall for the purposes of Part I of this Act be treated as not having been incurred; and

(b) if any sum had been so paid, then, notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) of section four of this Act, the amount of the charge shall for the said purposes be treated as the amount or aggregate amount of the sum or sums so paid, other than any sum paid by way of interest;

and a development charge which is treated as discharged by virtue of the last preceding subsection shall, for the purposes of any other provision of this Act except subsection (3) of section fifty-two thereof, be treated as not having been determined to be payable.

(7) References in this section, except in subsection (4) thereof, to the unpaid balance of a development charge include references to any arrears of interest in respect of the charge.

50. Subject to the next following section, the following section shall be substituted for section ninety-three of the principal Act: —

"93.—(1) Regulations made under this section with the consent of the Treasury may provide for the payment by the Minister to local authorities of grants of such amounts, and payable over such periods and subject to such conditions, as may be determined by or under the regulations

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1033

in respect of expenditure incurred by those authorities, whether before or after the passing of this Act—

(a) in connection with the acquisition of land approved by the Minister for the purposes of the regulations, or in connection with the clearing or preliminary development of land acquired by those authorities with such approval;

(b) in the payment of compensation under Part III or Part VIII of this Act (other than compensation payable in respect of land compulsorily acquired by virtue of section nineteen of this Act), or in taking any action under section twenty-four, twenty-five or twenty-six of this Act, or under the said section twenty-four as applied by any of the provisions of Part III of this Act;

(c) in connection with the carrying out of any work of restoring, repairing or adapting buildings acquired by those authorities, being work approval by the Minister for the purposes of the regulations in the case of a building as respects which, immediately before the acquisition thereof, a building preservation order was in force or could have been made.

(2) Regulations made under this section may provide for the payment of grants thereunder, in such cases and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by or under the regulations, in respect of land appropriated by local authorities (whether before or after the passing of this Act) for any purpose approved by the Minister in accordance with the regulations, as if the land had been acquired for that purpose at a cost of such amount, and defrayed in such manner, as may be determined by or under the regulations.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions of this section, any regulations made under this section may provide—

(a) for the inclusion, in the expenditure incurred by local authorities in the acquisition of land approved by the Minister for the purposes of the regulations, of any sums, or any part of sums, paid by those authorities in connection with any restriction imposed on the development or use of the land by or under any enactment (whether by way of compensation or by way of contribution towards damage or expense incurred in consequence of the restriction);

(b) for the calculation of grants payable under the regulations by reference to the amount of the

2 K*

Part VI —com.

1034

Ch. 72

Part VI

— con.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

annual costs incurred or treated as being incurred by local authorities in respect of the borrowing of money to defray expenditure in respect of which the grants are made, or by reference to the excess of such annual costs over receipts of those authorities which are attributable to such expenditure, or over the annual value of such receipts, as may be prescribed by the regulations.

(4) The amount of any grant paid to a local authority in accordance with regulations made under this section— (a) where that amount is calculated by reference to annual costs incurred or treated as incurred by die authority in respect of the borrowing of money to defray expenditure in respect of which the grant is made, or by reference to the excess of such annual costs over the receipts, or the annual value of receipts, mentioned in paragraph ib) of the last foregoing subsection, shall not exceed an amount equal to fifty per cent, of those costs, or of that excess, as die case may be; ib)in any other case, shall not exceed an amount equal to fifty per cent, of the amount of the expenditure in respect of which the grant is made:

Provided that, in relation to—

(i) land acquired for use as a public open space; or

(ii) such part, if any, of any land appropriated as mentioned in subsection (2) of this section as is intended for such use,

the regulations may provide that, if in any particular case the Minister is satisfied that, having regard to the expenditure in respect of which the grant is to be made and the financial circumstances of the local authority concerned, it is just that a higher grant should be made, the amount of the grant in that particular case shall be an amount equal to such percentage, exceeding fifty but not exceeding seventy-five per cent., of the costs, excess or expenditure aforesaid as the Minister may determine.

(5) Any expenses incurred by the Minister in the making of grants in accordance with regulations made for the purposes of this section shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(6) In this section the expression ‘ preliminary development \ in relation to land approved for the purposes of regulations made thereunder, means the carrying out of any work determined in accordance with the regulations to be work preparatory to the development of the land for the purposes for which it was acquired or appropriated, or work comprised in the initial stages of such development"

954

Town and Country Planning'

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1035

51.—(1) Nothing in the last preceding section, or in the imendments and repeals effected by the following provisions of his Part of this Act, shall affect die payment of any grant in espect of a year or part of a year ending on or before the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-five.

(2) As respects land of any of the following descriptions, that is to say—

(a) land comprised in a compulsory purchase order made by a local authority under the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, or the principal Act, and confirmed before the twenty-sixth day of February, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, being land acquired for any of the purposes specified in paragraph (a) of subsection (5) of section ninety-three of the principal Act;

(b) land acquired by agreement for any of those purposes with the consent of the Minister given before that date;

(c) land appropriated by a local authority for any of those

purposes before that date;

(d) land acquired or appropriated for any of those purposes (whether before or after that date), being land contiguous or adjacent to land falling within any of the preceding paragraphs,

paragraph (a) of subsection (4) of the section which, by the last preceding section, is substituted for the said section ninety-three shall apply as if for the reference in that paragraph to fifty per cent, of the annual costs or excess therein mentioned there were substituted a reference to ninety per cent, of those costs or of that excess, as the case may be:

Provided that this subsection shall not authorise the payment in the case of any land of a grant at a higher rate in respect of a year or part of a year which, together with die preceding years or parts of years in respect of which grants at a higher rate have been paid in the case of that land, would extend beyond a total period of eight years.

(3) For the purposes of any regulations made under section ninety-three of the principal Act (whether before or after the commencement of this Act), the definition in that Act of the expressions " area of extensive war damage " and " area of bad lay-out or obsolete development " shall apply, and be deemed always to have applied, as if in that definition the words " being in each case land comprised in an area which is defined by a development plan as an area of comprehensive development " had been omitted.

(4) In this section, references to section ninety-three of the principal Act are references to that section as it has effect apart from the last preceding section, and references to a grant at a

2 K* 2

Part VI

— con. Supplementary provisions as to Exchequer grants.

1036 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Em 2

; 1954

Part VI higher rate are references to a grant of an amount authorised —cont. by the said section ninety-three as it so has effect, but not authorised (otherwise than by virtue of subsection (2) of this section) by the provisions substituted for that section by the last preceding section.

Recovery of 52.—>(1) Where, under Part 1 of this Act, a payment becomes

certain sums payable by the Central Land Board in respect of the compulsory from.. acquisition of an interest in land by, or the sale of such an interest to, a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers (in this section referred to as " the acquiring authority the Board shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be entitled to recover the amount of the payment from the acquiring authority.

(2) The preceding subsection shall not apply if—

(a) the acquiring authority is a government department and

the interest was acquired in purwxance of a notice to treat served, or a contract made, before the twenty-sixth day of February, nineteen hundred and fifty-four; or

(b) the interest was acquired, in pursuance of a notice to

treat served, or a contract made, before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, for the purposes of the development or re-development of any area as a whole; or

(c) the interest was acquired, in pursuance of such a notice

to treat or contract as is mentioned in the last preceding paragraph, for the purposes of the use of the land as a public open space or as allotments:

Provided that paragraph (b) of this subsection shall not affect the application of the preceding subsection—

(i) if the interest was acquired by a development corpora-

tion under the New Towns Act, 1946; or

(ii) if it is certified by the Minister that the interest was acquired for the purposes of the development or redevelopment of an area as an industrial estate.

(3) If, before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, operations were begun in, on, over or under any land in which an interest such as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section subsists, or a use of any such land was instituted, being operations or a use—

(a) in respect of which, whether before or after the com-

mencement of this Act, a development charge has been determined to <be payable, or it has been determined that no development charge is payable; or

(b) comprised in a scheme of development exempt from development charge,

the said subsection (1) shall not apply to so much of any payment referred to in that subsection as is attributable to any

954 Town and Country Planning Ch. 72

Act, 1954

land in relation to which the determination was made or, as the case may be, which is included in that scheme of develop-nent

(4) If such a payment as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section would have been payable, or the amount of such a payment would have been greater, but for the existence of either or both of the following circumstances, that is to say—

(a) that by virtue of the Second Schedule to this Act a

claim holding relating to the whole or part of the land comprised in the acquisition or sale was treated as extinguished, or reduced in value, by reference to a development charge relating to other land;

(b) that by virtue of subsection (2) of section fourteen of this

Act a sum was set off against the payment by reference to such a development charge,

the preceding provisions of this section shall apply as if neither of those circumstances had existed and the payment had become payable or (as the case may be) the amount of the payment had been increased accordingly.

(5) Where, under subsection (3) of section fourteen of this Act, a sum was set off against a payment, as being a payment which would have been payable under Part I of this Act if applied for, the preceding provisions of this section shall apply as if that payment had been payable under the said Part I and the set-off had been effected under subsection (2) of the said section fourteen.

(6) Where, in the case of a compulsory acquisition to which Part III of this Act applies, the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition is diminished—

(a) by an amount exceeding twenty pounds owing to the

fact that compensation under Part II or V of this Act or compensation to which Part IV of this Act applies has become payable in respect of a planning decision or order made before the service of the notice to treat; or

(b) owing to the fact that by virtue of the Second Schedule

to this Act a claim holding relating to the whole or part of the land comprised in the acquisition was treated as extinguished, or reduced in value, by reference to a development charge relating to other land, the Minister (in a case falling within paragraph (a) of this subsection) or the Central Land Board (in a case foiling within paragraph (b) thereof) shall be entitled to recover from the acquiring authority a sum equal to the amount by which the compensation is less than it would have been if the circumstances referred to in paragraph (a) or (b) of this subsection, as the case may be, had not existed.

1037

Part VI —coni.

1038 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2&3Euz.2

Act, 1954

Part VI (7) Where an interest in land is compulsorily acquired by, —con/. or sold to, a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, in pursuance of a notice to treat served, or a contract made, after the commencement of this Act, or was so acquired or sold in pursuance of a notice to treat served, or a contract made, on or after the sixth day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-seven, and before the commencement of this Act, and a I payment exceeding twenty pounds has become payable under section fifty-nine of the principal Act in respect of that interest, or becomes so payable after the commencement of this Act, the Central Land Board shall be entitled to recover the amount of j the payment from the acquiring authority:

Provided that—

(a) the provisions of subsections (2) and (3) of this section shall have effect in relation to this subsection as they j have effect in relation to subsection (1) of this section;

(b) no amount shall be recoverable by the Central Land j Board under this subsection in relation to any land in relation to which an amount has become recoverable by the Minister under section twenty-nine as applied by section fifty-seven of this Act;

(c) if the acquisition or sale does or did not extend to the ! whole of the land to which the payment related, the i amount recoverable under this subsection shall be so much of that payment as is by virtue of subsection (4) of section fifty-seven of this Act to be treated as apportioned to the land in which the interest acquired or sold subsisted.

(8) Regulations made under this section with the consent of the Treasury may provide—

(a) for reducing the amount recoverable from the acquiring |

authority under subsection (1) of this section, or under the last preceding subsection, in cases where, since the ! interest was acquired by that authority and before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, the land in question or part thereof was the subject of a disposition of a description specified by the regulations, not being a disposition in favour of a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers;

(b) for enabling the acquiring authority to recover a contribution, determined in such manner as may be prescribed by the regulations, from another public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, in oases where, since the interest was acquired by the acquiring authority and before the commencement of this Act, the land in question or part thereof was the

1954 Town and Country Planning Ch. 72 1039

Act, 1954

subject of a compulsory acquisition by that other Part VI authority, or of any other disposition in favour of that —conL authority of a description so prescribed;

(c) for applying the provisions of subsection (6) of this section, subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be prescribed, to purchases of land by agreement, by public authorities possessing compulsory purchase powers, in pursuance of contracts made after the commencement of this Act, where the purchase price is determined in accordance with the regulations to be diminished as mentioned in that subsection.

(9) Where a sum is recoverable from an authority under this section by reference to an acquisition or purchase of an interest in land, and in respect thereof, or of a subsequent appropriation of the land, a grant became or becomes payable to that or some other authority under any enactment, the power conferred by that enactment to pay the grant shall include, and shall be deemed always to have included, power to pay a grant in respect of that sum as if it had been expenditure incurred by the acquiring authority in connection with the acquisition or purchase.

(10) In this section, references to a scheme of development exempt from development charge are references to a scheme of development such that, if the operations and uses of land comprised in the scheme had all been begun or instituted before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, all those operations and uses would have been exempt from the provisions of Part VII of the principal Act by virtue of regulations made thereunder; and references to the amount of a payment shall be construed as including any interest payable on the principal amount of the payment.

53.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any com- Compensation pensation accruing due in respect of any land after the com- for damage to mencement of this Act by virtue of paragraph (b) of subsection requisitioned (1) of section two of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939 (which relates to compensation payable in respect of damage occurring to requisitioned land during the period of requisition) shall not exceed the amount (if any) by which the value mentioned in paragraph (a) of the next following subsection falls short of the price mentioned in paragraph <b) of that subsection.

(2) The said value and price are—

(a) the value, at the time when the compensation accrues due, of a freehold interest in the land in question, free from incumbrances but subject to any easement or other restriction affecting the land at that time; and

1040 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Euz.2

Act, 1954

Part VI (b)the price which would be the compulsory purchase

—cent. price of the land at that time if it were then in the

state in which it was when possession of the land was taken in the exercise of emergency powers.

(3) Neither of the following provisions, that is to say—

(a) paragraph (ii) of the proviso to subsection (1) of the

said section two (which provided that the compensation payable under paragraph (b) of that subsection should be limited to the value of the land at the time when it was requisitioned); and

(b) subsection (1) of section ten of the Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1948 (which substituted a different limit, by reference to the compulsory purchase price of the land in its existing state and in the state in which it was when requisitioned),

shall apply to compensation to which subsection (1) of this section applies.

(4) Subsection (3) of section ten of the said Act of 1948 (which makes provision as to the matters to be taken into account in calculating the compulsory purchase price of the land in its existing state) shall apply for the purposes of this section, with the substitution for references to the compulsory purchase price of land of references to the value of such a freehold interest as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of this section; and subsection (4) of that section (which provides for increased compensation in certain cases above the limit imposed by subsection (1) of that section) shall apply for the purposes of this section, with the substitution for the reference to subsection (1) of that section of a reference to subsection (1) of this section.

(5) In this section the expression "compulsory purchase price " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of the said section tern

Special provisions relating to minerals.

S4.—(1) Development charges determined in respect of the winning and working of minerals shall cease to have effect in so far as they require the payment of any royalty or other sum in respect of minerals got after the commencement of this Act

(2) Where a development charge has been determined in respect of the winning and working of minerals over a period ending after the commencement of this Act, the Central Land Board shall, if application is made to them in that behalf in accordance with the regulations for the time being in force under section seventy-three of the principal Act, vary the determination, and amend, discharge or release any covenants or charges made or given in respect thereof, in such manner as appears to them appropriate for limiting the development charge to the winning and working of the minerals within so much of that period as

954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1041

►receded the commencement of this Act, and shall repay any urns paid thereunder so far as may be requisite for giving effect 3 the variation.

(3) In relation to interests in land consisting of or comprising minerals, and in relation to claims established wholly or partly n respect of such land, the provisions of this Act sftall have effect subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be >rescribed by regulations made under this Act with the consent >f the Treasury.

(4) Regulations made for the purposes of this section shall be rf no effect unless they are approved by resolution of each louse of Parliament.

(5) The Mineral Development Charge Set-off Regulations, 1951, shall cease to have effect; but in respect of the winning ind working of minerals to which those Regulations applied no development charge shall be payable or be deemed ever to have been payable.

55.—(1) The Lands Tribunal may, upon application made to them within one year from the commencement of this Act by any party to a lease to which this section applies, by order modify the provisions of the lease so far as may be required in order to secure that the sums payable by the lessee under the lease, in respect of any period beginning on or after the date of the commencement of this Act, are equal to the sums which, in the opinion of the Tribunal, the lessee could, at the time of the lease, fairly and reasonably have been required so to pay if no development charges had been payable in respect of the winning and working of minerals.

(2) This section applies to the following leases, that is to say—

(a) any mining lease granted within the period beginning

on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and ending on the seventeenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two;

(b) any mining lease granted after the end of that period

by virtue of the exercise before the commencement of this Act of an option granted within that period;

(c) any mining lease granted before the beginning of that

period, if the terms of the lease as to the payments to be made thereunder by the lessee were varied by an agreement entered into within that period or by an order made within that period under section thirty of the Mineral Workings Act, 1951 (which empowered the Lands Tribunal to modify mining leases granted before the said first day of July).

Part VI

—cont.

Modification of mining leases granted before 18th November, 1952.

1042

Part VI

—cont.

Contribution to Ironstone Restoration Fund.

Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Euz.2

Act, 1954

(3) In determining for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section the sums which a lessee could fairly and reasonably have been required to pay in respect of any period beginning od or after the date of the commencement of this Act, the Tribunal shall have regard to the terms and conditions of the lease, other than terms and conditions as to the sums payable by the lessee thereunder, except sums so payable in respect of any period beginning before that date.

(4) The provisions of this section shall apply in relation to orders made under Part I of the Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act, 1923, as they apply in relation to mining leases, with the substitution for references to the granting of a lase of references to the making of such an order and for references to the Lands Tribunal of references to the High Court

(5) The provisions of this section shall apply in relation to an option conferring a right to require the grant of a mining lease, being an option granted within the period beginning on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and ending on the seventeenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, as they apply in relation to a lease to which this section applies, with the substitution for references to the terms and conditions of the lease and the sums payable by the lessee thereunder of references to the terms and conditions of the lease which would be granted if the option were exercised and to the sums which would be payable by the lessee under that lease.

(6) Section thirty of the Mineral Workings Act, 1951, shall cease to have effect.

56.—(1) In respect of ironstone extracted by opencast operations after the commencement of this Act, the rate of the contributions payable under section three of the Mineral Workings Act, 1951 (which provides for contributions to the Ironstone Restoration Fund from ironstone operators) shall be twopence farthing instead of one penny and one eighth per ton:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply—

(a) to ironstone which immediately before the fifteenth day of February, nineteen hundred and fifty-one, was subject to a full restoring lease; or

(b) to ironstone in respect of which an order under section

seven of the said Act of 1951 (which relates to charitable trusts) was in force immediately before the commencement of this Act,

and the Minister may by order made by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, direct that, as from the date of the order or such earlier date as may be specified in the order, this subsection shall not apply to such other ironstone as may

954 Town and Country Planning' Ch. 72

Act, 1954

3e so specified, being ironstone an interest in which is held on the date of the order on charitable trusts or for charitable purposes.

(2) Where in accordance with the preceding subsection contributions at the rate of twopence farthing per ton are payable by a lessee under a mining lease or by the person granted a right to work minerals by an order under Part I of the Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act, 1923, a sum, computed in accordance with the provisions of the Third Schedule to the said Act of 1951, may, notwithstanding anything in the lease or order, be deducted in accordance with the provisions of that Schedule from payments by the lessee under the lease or by that person under the order, or may be otherwise recovered in accordance with those provisions by the lessee or by that person:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any mining lease made after the fifteenth day of February and before the first day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-one, which contained a provision expressly excluding the operation of paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section six of the said Act of 1951 (which conferred on lessees rights corresponding with those conferred by this subsection).

(3) Section five of the Mineral Workings Act, 1951 (which provides for contributions from ironstone owners by reference to payments falling to be made under section fifty-eight of the principal Act) and section six of that Act shall cease to have effect.

57.—(1) Where a payment under section fifty-nine of the principal Act (other than a payment not exceeding twenty pounds) has become payable in respect of an interest in land, or becomes so payable after the commencement of this Act, the Central Land Board shall cause notice of the payment, specifying the amount of the payment and the land to which it relates, to be deposited with the council of the county borough or county district in which the land is situated and. If that council is not the local planning authority, with the local planning authority:

Provided that—

(a) the preceding provisions of this subsection shall not

apply to any amount which is recoverable under subsection (7) of section fifty-two of this Act or which would be so recoverable but for the provisions of paragraph (a) of the proviso to that subsection;

(b) if a development charge was determined to be payable

in respect of the land to which the payment related or relates (in this proviso referred to as "the payment

1043

Part VI

—cont.

Recovery, on subsequent development, of payments under s. 59 of principal Act.

1044

Ch. 72

Part VI

—cont.

Town and Country Planning 2 A3Ele

Act, 1954

area "), or in respect of land which included the ment area, the preceding provisions of this sobsece shall not apply to that payment; and

(c) if a development charge was determined to be pajab in respect of part of the payment area, or in rapes 2 land which included part (but not the whole) of k area, the preceding provisions of this subsection it apply as if separate payments of so much of the aaot aforesaid as is respectively attributable thereto b been payable in respect of that part of the paps area and the remainder of that area.

(2) Notices deposited under this section shall be regiak in the register of local land charges, in such manna as b be prescribed by rules made for the purposes of this mi under subsection (6) of section fifteen of the Land Charges 1925, by the proper officer of the council of the county boro* or county district

(3) Section twenty-nine of this Act, except subsection thereof, shall have effect in relation to notices registered mr this section as it has effect in relation to notices registered tax section twenty-eight of this Act:

Provided that—

(a) the said section twenty-nine shall apply for the pmpcs

of this section with the substitution for references t the compensation specified in a notice of rcferencar the payment so specified, and as if that section applet to every description of new development; and

(b) no amount shall be recoverable by the Minister us

the said section twenty-nine as applied by this safae tion in relation to any land in relation to which c amount has become recoverable by the Central Lax Board under subsection (7) of section fifty-two of tfc

(4) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a payment ndr section fifty-nine of the principal Act shall be treated as apportioned, as between different parts of the land to which it refaiei in the way in which it might reasonably be expected to hare beer so apportioned if, under the scheme made under the said seen® fifty-nine, the authority determining the amount of the fwyme* had been required (in accordance with the same principles a applied to the determination of that amount) to apportion it a between different parts of that land.

(5) References in this section to the amount of a payees under section fifty-nine of the principal Act shall be construed as including any interest payable thereon under subsection (3) of section sixty-five of that Act

Act.

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1045

B.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect where Part VI

certified by the Commissioners of Customs and Excise (in —com. section referred to as " the Commissioners ")— Provisions as

. , .... to monopoly

(a) that on the grant, or provisional grant, of a justices value of

on-licence to which this section applies a payment was licensed imposed by reference to monopoly value, as mentioned premises, in subsection (1) of section fourteen of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910 (in this section referred to as " the monopoly payment "); and

(b) that in assessing that payment account was taken of the

effect of Part VII of the principal Act, and in consequence thereof the payment was increased by an amount specified in the certificate (in this section referred to as " the certified amount "),

it is certified by the Central Land Board that no develop-it charge has been determined by the Board to be payable espect of the erection or use of the premises to which the ice related.

0 This section applies to any justices’ on-licence granted, or risionally granted, after the first day of July, nineteen bun-

1 and forty-eight, and before the eighteenth day of November, rteen hundred and fifty-two.

i) Any certificate issued by the Central Land Board under section shall state whether, before the eighteenth day of ember, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, operations for the tion of the premises to which the licence related woe begun, he use of those premises in pursuance of the licence was tuted, in such circumstances that a development charge Id have been determined to be payable in respect thereof le circumstances referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) of ection (1) of this section had not existed. •)

•) If it is certified by the Central Land Board that a develop-t charge could have been determined as mentioned in the preceding subsection, the provisions of Part I of this Act 1 apply as if the person who paid the monopoly payment, or, lat payment was not paid in full in the first instance, the on who paid the first instalment thereof, had incurred a dopment charge in respect of the land on which the opera-s were begun, or the use instituted, as mentioned in the last eding subsection, and the amount of the charge had been ertified amount:

ovided that—

(a) any payment falling to be made by virtue of this subsection shall be made by the Commissioners instead of by the Board; and

1046

Ch. 72

Part VI —coni.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Fjj? 2

Act, 1954

(6) subsections (2) and (3) of section fourteen of this Act shall not apply to payments falling to be made by virtue of this subsection.

(5) Where, apart from this subsection, a payment (in this subsection referred to as " the special payment ") would be payable by virtue of the last preceding subsection, then, unless the monopoly payment has been paid in full, the Commissioners shall not pay the special payment to the person entitled thereto, but—

(a) if the monopoly payment was payable by instalments,

the amount payable in respect of each instalment shall be reduced rateably so that the total reduction is equal to the principal amount of the special payment, and, if one or more instalments have been paid, the Commissioners shall repay so much thereof as by reason of the reduction ought not to have been paid, together with interest on the amount so repaid at the rate of three and one-half per cent per annum from the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight to the date of repayment or to the thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, whichever is the earlier;

(b) if the monopoly payment was not payable by instal-

ments and has not been paid, it shall be reduced by the principal amount of the special payment.

(6) Where the Central Land Board are satisfied that (apart from the last preceding subsection) a person would have been entitled to a payment by virtue of subsection (4) of this section if he had applied for it within the period prescribed in that behalf, and he has failed to apply for the payment within that period or within any extended period allowed for applying for it, the Board may determine the principal amount of the payment to which he would have been so entitled; and the last preceding subsection shall apply as if that person had become entitled to the payment and die principal amount thereof had been the principal amount determined under this subsection.

(7) Section fifteen of this Act shall apply as respects the principal amount of a payment determined under the last preceding subsection as it applies (by virtue of paragraph (c) of subsection

(4) thereof) as respects the principal amount of a payment determined under subsection (3) of section fourteen of this Act

(8) If it is certified by the Board that a development charge could not have been determined as mentioned in subsection (3) of this section, then—

(a) if the monopoly payment has been paid in full, the Commissioners shall repay a sum equal to the certified amount;

954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1047

(b) if the monopoly payment was payable by instalments. Part vi

the amount payable in respect of each instalment shall —com. be reduced rateably so that the total reduction is equal to the certified amount, and, if one or more instalments have been paid, the Commissioners shall repay so much thereof as by reason of the reduction ought not to have been paid;

(c) if the monopoly payment was not payable by instal-

ments and has not been paid, it shall be reduced by the certified amount.

59. —(1) Where, after the commencement of this Act, an Applications application is made to a local planning authority for permission Jor p«nussion to develop land by the erection thereon of an industrial build-

ing, being an application which would, apart from this section, be of no effect by virtue of subsection (4) of section fourteen of the principal Act (which provides that certain applications for such permission shall be of no effect unless it is certified by the Board of Trade that the development in question can be carried out consistently with the proper distribution of industry), the local planning authority shall consider whether, if the requirements of the said subsection (4) had been satisfied, they would nevertheless have refused the permission sought by the application either as respects the whole or as respects part of the land to which the application relates; and if they are of opinion that they would so have refused that permission, they shall serve on the applicant a notice in writing to that effect

(2) Where a notice has been served under the preceding subsection as respects the whole or part of any land, the provisions of this Act and of sections nineteen and twenty of the principal Act, and, where by virtue of the preceding provisions of this subsection a direction has been given under subsection (3) of section twenty-three of this Act, the other provisions of the principal Act, shall have effect as respects that land or that part thereof as if the application had been of effect and permission had been refused.

60. —(1) An assignment of the benefit, or part of the benefit. Dispositions of of an established claim shall be of no effect if—

Part VI of

(a) it is made after the commencement of this Act; or principal Act.

(b) it requires the approval of the Central Land Board under subsection (2) of section two of the Act of 1953, and no application for that approval was made before the commencement of this Act.

(2) Subject to the preceding subsection, an assignment of the benefit, or part of the benefit, of an established claim, if approved by the Central Land Board under subsection (2) of section two

1048

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

, 1954

Part VI of the Act of 1953, whether before or after the commencement

—com. of this Act, shall be deemed to have had effect as from the date

on which the assignment was made.

(3) Subsection (2) of section sixty-four of the principal Act (which provides that the right to receive a payment under Part VI of that Act shall be transmissible by assignment or by open, tion of law) shall be deemed always to have had effect in relatioc to the disposition by will of such a right as is mentioned in that subsection as it has effect in relation to the transmission of such a right by operation of law:

Provided that a disposition of such a right by the will of i testator dying after the commencement of this Act shall be of no effect

Grown land. 61.—(1) In this section, the expression "Crown interest"

means an interest belonging to Her Majesty in right of dr Crown, or belonging to a government department or held is trust for Her Majesty for the purposes of a government department; the expression " Duchy interest " means an interest belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Duchy of Lancaster, or belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall; and the expression "private interest " means an interest which is neither a Crown interest nor a Duchy interest.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section-

fa) where there is a Crown interest in any land, the provisions of this Act, other than this section, shall have effect in relation to any private interest or Duchy interest as if the Crown interest were a private interest; and

(b) where there is a Duchy interest in any land, the said provisions shall have effect in relation to that interest, and to any private interest, as if the Duchy interest were a private interest

(3) Where, in the case of a compulsory acquisition to which Part HI of this Act applies, planning permission was granted before the date of service of the notice to treat and the person who at that date is entitled to the interest in land to which the acquisition relates is, or derives title from a person who was, entitled thereto under a disposition which—

(a) took effect after the grant of the planning permission;

and

(b) was a disposition of a Crown interest or a Duchy

interest, or a disposition creating an interest immediately out of a Crown interest or a Duchy interest, then, notwithstanding subsection (4) of section fifty-one of the principal Act, that permission shall not be disregarded in assessing the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition

954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1049

(4) References in lids Act to claims established under Part VI Part VI

the principal Act include references to claims so established —cont.

n accordance with arrangements made under subsection (2) of ©ctkm eighty-eight of the principal Act (which relates to interests >elonging to the Duchies of Lancaster and Cornwall); references o development charges include references to sums determined in accordance with such arrangements to be appropriate in substitution for development charges; and references to the amount >f an established claim or of a development charge shall be construed accordingly.

(5) The provisions of this Act shall have effect in relation to the withholding, or the giving subject to conditions, of any approval of a local planning authority required in respect of any development of land in which there is a Duchy interest, being approval required in accordance with an agreement under subsection (1) of section eighty-eight of the principal Act (which provides for agreements for securing the use of Crown land in conformity with development plans), as if the withholding of the approval, or the giving thereof subject to conditions, were a refusal of planning permission, or a grant of planning permission subject to conditions, as the case may be.

(6) An order under section fifty-five of this Act shall not be made in respect of a mining lease where the interest of the lessor is a Duchy interest unless—

(a) die lease relates to land in respect of which arrange-

ments under subsection (2) of section eighty-eight of the principal Act are in force; and

(b) the order is made with the consent of the appropriate

authority as defined by section eighty-seven of that Act.

62. —(1) In relation to land in the administrative county of Application of London, other than land in the City of London, the provisions Act to

of this Act, other than this section, shall have effect as if refer- — ences to die county borough or county district, or to the council saOty. thereof, were references respectively to that county and to the London County Council.

(2) In relation to land in the City of London, those provisions shall have effect as if references to the county borough or county district, or to the council thereof, were references respectively to the City of London and to the Common Council of the City.

(3) In relation to land in the Isles of Scilly, those provisions shall have effect as if the Isles were a county district, and the council of the Isles were the council of that district.

63. —(1) Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide for Dissolution of the winding up and dissolution of the Centra] Land Board Central Land and for the transfer to the Minister of any of the functions of Board.

the Board exercisable in England or Wales which at such date as may be specified in the Order have not been fully performed.

1050

Part VI —cont.

General

financial

provisions.

Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eul2

Act, 1954

(2) An Order in Council under this section may contain nek incidental, consequential and supplementary provisions as nay appear to Her Majesty to be expedient for the purposes of the Order.

(3) No recommendation shall be made to Her Majesty k Council to make an Order under this section unless a drift thereof has been laid before Parliament and approved by reaction of each House of Parliament.

(4) On the dissolution of the Central Land Board by an Oidr in Council under this section, sections two and three of the pria> pal Act (which relate to that Board) shall cease to have effect

64.—(1) The Treasury may issue to the Minister and to & Central Land Board out of the Consolidated Fund such sob as are necessary to enable the Minister and the Board respectively to make any payments becoming payable by him or then under any provision of Part I or V of this Act.

(2) For the purpose of providing sums to be issued under the preceding subsection, or of providing for the replaces of sums so issued, the Treasury may at any time, if they think fit, raise money in any manner in which they are authorised to raise money under the National Loans Act, 1939, and any securities created and issued to raise money under this subsection shall be deemed for all purposes to have been created and issued under that Act.

(3) The provisions of this subsection shall have effect as to the repayment of sums issued under subsection (1) of this section that is to say—

(a) the aggregate of the sums so issued in any financial year, whether to the Minister or to the Central Land Board, shall be repaid by the Minister into die Exchequer, as mentioned in the next following paragraph, with interest thereon at such rate as the Treasury mar determine, the said interest accruing, as respects the whole aggregate, from such date in the financial year in which the sums are issued as the Treasury may determine;

(b) the said aggregate shall be repaid by twenty equal anneal

instalments, of principal and interest combined. felling due on the anniversary of the date determined under the preceding paragraph, file first such instalment falling due in the financial year next following the financial year in which the sums in question were issued;

(c) subject to the next following subsection, any instalment

to be paid into the Exchequer under the last preceding iparagraph shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1051

(4) Any sums received by the Minister or by the Central Land Part VI

Board— —amt.

(a) by virtue of subsection (4) of section forty-six of this

Act;

(b) under subsections (1) to (5) of section fifty-two of this

Act; or

(c) under subsection (6) of the said section fifty-two. or

under that subsection as applied by regulations made under subsection (8) of that section, not being in either case sums recovered by reference to compensation payable under Part 11 of this Act or to compensation to which Part IV of this Act applies, shall be paid into the Exchequer, and shall be treated as paid in satisfaction, or part satisfaction, of such one or more instalments payable under the last preceding subsection as the Treasury may determine.

(5) All sums paid into the Exchequer under the two last preceding subsections shall be issued out of the Consolidated Fund at such times as the Treasury may direct, and shall be applied by the Treasury as follows:—

(a) so much thereof as represents principal shall be applied in redeeming or paying off debt of such description as the Treasury think fit;

(b) so much thereof as represents interest shall be applied to the payment of interest which would, apart from this •paragraph, have fallen to be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

(6) The Minister and the Central Land Board shall each prepare, in respect of each financial year, in such form and manner and at such times as the Treasury may direct, an account of the sums issued to them respectively out of the Consolidated Fund under subsection (1) of this section, and of any such sums received by them respectively as are mentioned in subsection (4) of this section.

(7) On or before the thirtieth day of November in each year, the Minister and the Central Land Board shall transmit to the Comptroller and Auditor General the account prepared by him or them under the last .preceding subsection in respect of the last preceding financial year, and the Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine and certify each such account and lay before each House of Parliament copies thereof, together with his report thereon.

(8) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any sums necessary to enable the Minister to make any payment becoming payable by him under any provision of Part IT or IV of this Act;

1052

Ch. 72

Part VI

—com.

General provisions as to calculation of value.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 El 2

Act, 1954

(b) any administrative expenses of the Minister under this

Act;

(c) to such extent as may be sanctioned by the Treasury,

any administrative expenses incurred for the purposes of this Act by the Central Land Board with the approval of the Minister;

() any sum falling to be paid by the Central Land Board under subsection (2) of section fifty-four of this Act;

(e) any sum falling to be paid by the Commissioners of

Customs and Excise by virtue of section fifty-eight of this Act;

if) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the stuns which under any other enactment are payable out of moneys so provided.

(9) Subject to the preceding provisions of this section, and to the provisions of section forty-one of this Act, any receipts of the Minister or the Central Land Board under any provision of this Act other than this section shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(10) As soon as practicable after—

(a) the expiration of a period of five years commencing with

the date of commencement of this Act; or

(b) the expiration of the financial year in which the aggre-

gate of all payments made by the Minister under Parts II and IV of this Act reaches thirty milboo pounds,

whichever is the earlier, the Minister shall lay before Parliament a report with respect to those payments and to any sums received by him under this Act other than such sums as are mentioned in subsection (4) of this section.

65.—(1) In calculating value for any of the purposes of this Act—

(a) Rules (2) to (4) of the Rules set out in section two of

the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, shall apply with the necessary modifications;

(b) if the interest to be valued is subject to a mortgage,

it shall be treated as if it were not subject to die mortgage;

Provided that Rule (3) of those Rules shall not apply for the purposes of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, and paragraph (b) of this subsection shall not apply for the purposes of subsection (2) of section six of this Act.

(2) Where, for the purposes of any of the provisions of this Act, a value falls to be calculated by reference to the duration of a tenancy, and by reason of any option or other contractual

54 Town and Country Planning Ch. 72

Act, 1954

ight with respect to the determination, renewal or continuance t the tenancy, the date of expiration of the tenancy is not ascer-ainable with certainty, that date shall be taken to be such as ppears reasonable and probable having regard to the interests f the party by whom die option is exercisable, or in whose avour the right operates, and to any other material considera-tons subsisting at the time when the calculation of the value alls to be made.

66.—(1) Regulations made under this section may make pro-ision as to the exercise of the right to apply for a payment under ’art I of this Act, or to claim compensation under Part II or ’art V thereof, and as to the person to whom any such payment ar compensation or any part thereof is to be paid and as to the application of any such payment or compensation or any part thereof, in cases where, apart from this section, the right to apply for the payment, or to claim the compensation, as the case may be, is exercisable by reference to—

(a) a claim holding which is subject to a mortgage, or

which was so subject at a time specified in the regulations; or

(b) an interest in land which is subject to a mortgage, or

to a rentcharge, or to the trusts of a settlement, or which was so subject at a time specified in the regulations; and any such regulations may, in a case where any payment or compensation, or any part thereof, is by virtue of those regulations to be paid to the owner of a rentcharge, apply all or any of the provisions of section twenty-five of the War Damage Act, 1943 (which relates to the rights of owners of rentcharges as to payments for war damage), subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be prescribed by the regulations, and may provide for disputes arising under the regulations, so far as they relate to rentcharges, to be referred to the Lands Tribunal for determination by that Tribunal.

(2) The purposes authorised for the application of capital moneys—

(a) by section seventy-three of the Settled Land Act, 1925,

and by that section as applied by section twenty-eight of the Law of Property Act, 1925, in relation to trusts for sale; and

(b) by section twenty-six of the Universities and College Estates Act, 1925,

and the purposes authorised by section seventy-one of the Settled Land Act, 1925, by that section as applied as aforesaid, and by section thirty-one of the Universities and College Estates Act, 1925, as purposes for which moneys may be raised by mortgage, shall include the payment of any sum recoverable under section twenty-nine, forty-one, forty-six or fifty-seven of this Act.

1053

Part VI

—com.

Provisions as to mortgages, settlements, ecclesiastical property, etc.

1054 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Buz. 2

, 1954

Part VI (3) Any sum payable under this Act in relation to land winch — cant. is, or on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eigta,

was, ecclesiastical property, being a sum which apart from this subsection would be payable to an incumbent, shall be paid to the Church Commissioners to be applied for the purposes for which the /proceeds of a sale by agreement of the land would be applicable under any enactment or Measure authorising, or disposing of the proceeds of, such a sale; and where any sun is recoverable under section twenty-nine, forty-one, forty-six or fifty-seven of this Act in respect of such land, the Church Commissioners may apply any money or securities held by diem in the payment of that sum.

Application

miscellaneous provisions of principal Act.

67.—(1) Subsections (3) and (4) of section three of the principal Act (which relate to the functions of the Central Land Board) shall have effect in relation to this Act as they have effect in relation to the principal Act

(2) Subsection (1) of section one hundred and three of the principal Act, in so far as it confers powers of entry on land, shall have effect as if (in addition to the powers so conferred) it conferred power on any person, being an officer of the Valuation Office or a person duly authorised in writing b> the Minister, to enter upon any land at any reasonable tune for the purpose of surveying it or estimating its value, in connection with—

(a) an application for a payment under Part I of this Act

in respect of that land or any other land; or

(b) a claim for compensation under Part II or Part V of

this Act in respect of that land or any other land,

and subsections (4) to (7) and subsection (9) of that section shall have effect accordingly.

(3) Section one hundred and five of the principal Act (which relates to the service of notices) shall apply for the purposes of this Act.

(4) Section ninety-two and subsection (2) of section one hundred and nineteen of the principal Act (which relate to the determination of questions as to special classes of land) shall apply, for the purposes of this Act, for the determination of any question whether land is land of a class specified in the Sixth Schedule to this Act as they apply for the determination of questions as to classes of land for the purposes of the principal Act.

(5) Section one hundred and four of the principal Act (which authorises the Minister to hold local inquiries for the purposes of that Act) shall apply for the purposes of this Act.

Provisions as 68.—(1) The Minister may make regulations under this Act

to regulations, for any purpose for which regulations are authorised or required to be made under this Act.

954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1055

(2) Any .power conferred by this Act to make regulations shall Part VI exercisable by statutory instrument —com.

(3) Any statutory instrument containing regulations made inder this Act (except regulations which, by virtue of any pro-ision of this Act, are to be of no effect unless approved by esolution of each House of Parliament) shall be subject to innuiment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

69.—(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise Interpretation, equires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say—

" the Act of 1953 " means the Town and Country Planning Act. 1953;

44 claim holding " has the meaning assigned to it by section two of this Act;

44 compensation calculated on the basis of equivalent reinstatement " means compensation calculated in accordance with Rule (5) of the Rules set out in section two of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919;

44 compensation calculated on the basis of prevailing use " means compensation with respect to the calculation of which any of the following provisions of the principal Act applies, that is to say, subsection (5) of section eighty-two, subsection (4) of section eighty-four, the said subsection (4) as applied by regulations made under section ninety, or subsection *(4) of section eighty-five;

44 compensation on the basis of existing use " means compensation with respect to the assessment of which the following provisions apply, that is to say, the provisions of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, as modified by sections fifty-one, fifty-three and fifty-four of the principal Act, not being compensation calculated on the basis of equivalent reinstatement or on the basis of prevailing use, and excluding any compensation for disturbance or for severance or injurious affection;

44 compulsory acquisition " does not include die vesting in a person by an Act of Parliament of property previously vested in some other person;

44 established claim " and 44 claim area " have the meanings assigned to them by section one of this Act;

44 in the same capacity,* in relation to entitlement both to a claim holding and to an interest in land, means

10S6

Ch. 72

Part VI —cent.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Elc 2

Act, 1954

entitled in one only of the following capacities, that is to say, beneficially, or as trustee of one particular trust, or as personal representative of one particahr person;

" interest in land " means only an interest in fee simple or a tenancy;

" the Minister " (subject to subsection (8) of this section) means the Minister of Housing and Local Government;

" new development " has the meaning assigned to it by section sixteen of this Act;

" planning decision " has the meaning assigned to it by section sixteen of this Act;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations under this Act;

"previous apportionment" in relation to an apportionment for any of the purposes of this Act means aa apportionment made before the apportionment in question, being—

(a) an apportionment for any of the purposes of this Act as made, confirmed or varied by the Lands Tribunal on a reference thereto; or

(b) an apportionment for any of the purposes of this Act which might have been referred to the Lands Tribunal by virtue of any provision of this Act but in the case of which the time for such a reference has expired without its being so required to be so referred, or which was so referred but in the case of which the reference was withdrawn before the Tribunal gave their decision thereon; or

(c) an apportionment made by or with the approval of the Central Land Board in connection with the approval by the Board of an assignment of part of the benefit of an established claim under subsection (2) of section two of the Act of 1953;

" principal Act " means the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947;

" public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers ", in relation to the compulsory acquisition of an interest in land, means the person or body of persons effecting the acquisition, and, in relation to any other transaction relating to an interest in land, means any person or body of persons who could be or have been authorised to acquire that interest compulsorily for the purposes for which the transaction is or was effected, or a parish council or parish meeting on whose behalf a county council could be or have been authorised as aforesaid;

1954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1057

" rentcharge " includes any annual sum charged on land* not being rent incident to a reversion;

" royalty ", " full restoring lease " and 44 ironstone district " have the meanings assigned to them by the Mineral Workings Act, 1951;

" tenancy " means a tenancy created either immediately or derivatively out of the freehold, whether by a lease or underlease, by an agreement for a lease or underlease, or by a tenancy agreement, or in pursuance of any enactment, but does not include a mortgage term or any interest arising in favour of a mortgagor by his attorning tenant to his mortgagee, and references to the granting of a tenancy shall be construed accordingly;

44unexpended balance of established development value" means an amount ascertained in accordance with sections seventeen and eighteen, and 44 original unexpended balance of established development value " has the meaning assigned to it by section seventeen, of this Act;

44 valuable consideration " does not include marriage or a nominal consideration;

44 will " includes a codicil.

(2) Subject to the preceding subsection and except where the context otherwise requires, expressions used in this Act and in the principal Act have the same meanings in this Act as in that Act.

(3) As respects references in this Act to planning decisions—

(a) in relation to a decision altered on appeal by the

reversal or variation of the whole or any part thereof, such references shall be construed as references to the decision as so altered;

(b) in relation to a decision upheld on appeal, such

references shall be construed as references to the decision of the local planning authority and not to the decision of the Minister on the appeal;

(c) in relation to a decision given on an appeal made by

virtue of subsection (3) of section sixteen of the principal Act in default of a decision by the local planning authority, such references shall be construed as references to the decision so given;

(d) the time of a planning decision, in a case where there is or was an appeal, shall be taken to be or have been the time of the decision as made by the local planning authority, whether or not that decision is or was altered as aforesaid on that appeal, or, in the case of such a decision as is mentioned in the last preceding paragraph, the time when by virtue of subsection (3) of

2 L

Part VI —com.

1058

Ch. 72

Part VI —coni.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 2

Act, 1954

section sixteen of the /principal Act notification of a decision by the local planning authority is deemed to have been given.

(4) References in this Act to the local planning authority, is relation—

(a) to a planning decision made on behalf of that authority

by another authority, by virtue of the delegation of asy functions of the local planning authority to that other authority; or

(b) to compensation payable under section twenty-two of tbs

principal Act by another authority, by virtue of the transfer to that other authority of any liability of the local planning authority,

shall be construed as references to that other authority.

(5) For the purposes of this Act a development charge—

(a) shall be deemed not to have been determined if die

determination thereof ceased to have effect by virtue of subsection (2) of section seventy-three of the principal Act, or if, by virtue of subsection (1) of section one of the Act of 1953, the charge is not payable, or if any sum paid in respect of the charge became repayable under subsection (5) of section one of the Act of 1953;

(b) shall be deemed to have become payable notwithstanding any agreement of the Central Land Board to a postponement of the payment of the charge, if the whole or part of the charge would have been payable but for that agreement;

and references in this Act to a determination of the Central Land Board that a development charge was payable, or as to die amount of a development charge, shall, in a case where die Board subsequently varied their determination, be construed as references to that determination as so varied.

(6) References in this Act to a contract are references to a contract in writing, or a contract attested by a memorandum or note thereof in writing signed by the parties thereto or by j some other person or persons authorised by them in that behalf. | and, in relation to an interest in land conveyed or assigned with- j out a preliminary contract, are references to the conveyance or j assignment; references to an option are references to an option j in writing or attested as aforesaid; and references to the making ! of a contract or to the grant of an option are references to the j execution thereof or (if it was not in writing) to the signature of | the memorandum or note by which it was attested.

(7) References in this Act—

(a) to a person from whom title is derived by another person include references to any predecessor in title of that other person;

>54

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1059

(b) to a person deriving title from another person include Part VI references to any successor in title of that other person; —com.

(c) to deriving title are references to deriving title either directly or indirectly.

(8) References in this Act to the Minister, in relation to any me before the third day of November, nineteen hundred and fty-one, but on or after the thirtieth day of January, nineteen undred and fifty-one, shall be construed as references to the linister of Local Government and Planning, and, in relation to ay time before the said thirtieth day of January, shall be mstrued as references to the Minister of Town and Country tanning.

(9) References in this Act to any other enactment shall, tcept where the context otherwise requires, be construed as Terences to that enactment as amended by or under any other lactment, including this Act

70. —(1) In section nineteen of the principal Act (which Amendment nposes on a local authority an obligation to purchase land in of.s- of ertain circumstances) after subsection (2) there shall be inserted principal Act' le following new subsection, that is to say—

" (2A) In considering, for the purposes of the last fore-going subsection, whether or not the use of land in any particular state is or would be reasonably beneficial, the Minister shall not take account of the possibility of any development, whether of that or any other land, of any class not specified in the Third Schedule to this Act."

(2) The preceding subsection shall be deemed to have come ito operation on the eighteenth day of November, nineteen undred and fifty-two:

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the validity f anything done in consequence of a purchase notice served •efore the commencement of this Act.

71. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the enact- Minor and nents specified in the Seventh Schedule to this Act shall have consequential ffect. subject to the amendments specified in that Schedule, being

ninor amendments or amendments consequential on the provi- repeau* ions of this Act

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, the enactments pecified in the Eighth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in relation thereto in die third olumn of that Schedule.

(3) The amendment by virtue of this section of the Third Schedule to the Mineral Workings Act, 1951, shall not affect any ight or liability which by virtue of section six of that Act and the aid Third Schedule was subsisting immediately before the com-nencement of this Act

2 L 2

1060

Part VI

—com

Short title, citation, commencement and extent.

Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

(4) The amendment by virtue of this section of the Third Schedule to the principal Act shall not have effect for the purposes of the following provisions of that Act, that is to say section fifty-four (which relates to the assessment of compensation for the compulsory acquisition of requisitioned land), section sixty-one (which relates to the ascertainment of development values), section sixty-nine (which relates to development charges) and subsection (1) of section eighty-nine (which relates to the calculation of the development value of requisitioned land).

(5) As respects amendments and repeals relating to sections ninety-four and ninety-five of the principal Act, die provisions of this section shall have effect subject to section fifty-one of this Act

(6) The repeal by virtue of this section of the proviso to subsection (1) of section twenty-two of the principal Act shall not affect compensation in respect of any order made undo* section twenty-one of that Act before the commencement of this Act

(7) References in any local Act to Part II of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, or to Part V of the principal Act shall be construed in relation to compensation payable on a compulsory acquisition of land thereunder in pursuance of a notice to treat served after the commencement of this Act as including a reference to Part III of this Act:

Provided that nothing in any such Act shall, by virtue of this subsection, be construed as excluding the application of the said Part III in relation to compensation payable in respect of an; compulsory acquisition of land.

72.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Town and Country Planning Act, 1954, and the Town and Country Planning Acts, 1947 and 1951, the Town and Country Planning Act, 1953, in its application to England and Wales, and this Act, may be cited together as the Town and Country Planning Acts, 1947 to 1954.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on such day as the Minister may by order appoint, and different days may be appointed for different purposes of this Act; and if different days are so appointed, references in any provision of this Act to the commencement of this Act shall be construed as references to the time at which that provision comes into operation.

(3) Any order made under the last preceding subsection shiQ be made by statutory instrument and may, at any time before the day appointed thereby, be revoked or varied by a subsequent order under that subsection.

(4) This Act, except section sixty-three thereof, shall not extend to Scotland.

(5) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1061

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Modification of provisions of principal Act as to

DEVELOPMENT VALUE

Modification in certain cases where land acquired by public authority

1. —(1) The three next following paragraphs shall have effect where in interest in land was compulsorily acquired by a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers in pursuance of a notice to treat served on or after the date of the passing of the principal Act ind before the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and the compensation paid did not exceed the amount provided for >y section fifty-five of the principal Act (which provided for compensation on the basis of the existing use value of the land).

(2) The said paragraphs shall also have effect where an interest in land was purchased by such an authority in pursuance of a contract made on or after the date of the passing of the principal Act and before the said first day of July, at a price which did not exceed the amount of the compensation which would have been payable in accordance with the said section fifty-five if the transaction had been a compulsory acquisition.

(3) In those paragraphs the expression " the relevant land " means the land an interest in which was acquired or purchased as mentioned in either of the preceding sub-paragraphs, and the expression Mthe relevant interest*’ means the interest which was so acquired or purchased.

2. Where any works for the erection or alteration of a building had been begun but not completed on the relevant land before the day on which the notice to treat was served or the contract made, as the case may be, subsection (3) of section seventy-eight of the principal Act (which provides that the development value of land containing unfinished buildings shall be calculated as if the buildings were completed) shall not apply for the purpose of determining the development value of the relevant interest

3. Where after the notice to treat was served or the contract made, as the case may be, the Minister issued in respect of the relevant land or any part thereof a certificate under section eighty of the principal Act (which, as respects land certified as ripe for development before the said first day of July, provides that the prospective value of the development for which the land was ripe shall be disregarded), the development value of the relevant interest shall be determined as if the certificate had not been issued.

4. Where the acquisition or purchase was not completed until after the said first day of July, but before that day the acquiring authority had carried out on the relevant land works for the erection

Sections 1,6.

1062

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eijz. 2

, 1954

1st See. or alteration of a building, or had on the relevant land constructed —coni. roads or provided sewers or other services, the provisions of sub-

section (2) of section ninety-one of the principal Act (which special provision as to compulsory acquisitions initiated and completed between the passing of that Act and the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight), and those provisions as applied by subsection (4) of that section (which relates to acquisitions by agreement by public authorities), shall apply as if they extended to acquisitions completed after the said first day of July in pursuance of a notice to treat served, or a contract made, after the passing of the principal Act but before that day:

Provided that where the acquiring authority had carried oat on the relevant land any such operations as aforesaid before the service of the notice to treat, or the making of the contract, as the case may be, those provisions shall so apply as if. in paragraph (*) of the said subsection (2), the reference to the state of the land as it was immediately before the date of the notice to treat me a reference to the state of the land immediately before those operations were begun.

5. Subsection (3) of section ninety-one of the principal Act (which requires development values to be adjusted where an interest in land is compulsorily acquired), and that subsection as applied by sob-section (4) of that section, shall not apply to any acquisition of an interest in land in pursuance of a notice to treat served, or • contract made, after the commencement of this Act.

Requisitioned land

6. Where land was requisitioned land on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and during the period of requisition a value payment under the War Damage Act, 1943, became payable in respect of that land, section eighty-nine of the principal Act (which provides for calculating the development value of an interest in requisitioned land by reference to the state of the land immediately before the beginning of the period of requisition shall apply for determining the development value of any interest in that land, with the modification that regard shall be had, not to the actual state of the land immediately before the beginning of the period of requisition, but to what that state would have been at the beginning of that period if the war damage had occurred immediately before the beginning thereof.

7. Where in the case of any requisitioned land the period of requisition ended before the said first day of July but on or after the date of the coming into operation of section ten of the Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1948 (which provides for restricting compensation for damage to the land to an amount calculated by reference to the existing use value of the land at the time when it was requisitioned), the development value of any interest in that land shall be determined as if the land had continued to be requisitioned land on the said first day of July and section eighty-nine of the principal Act had applied to it accordingly.

954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1063

Compensation for abortive expenditure

8. Where the development value of an interest in land, determined tpart from this paragraph, would be wholly or partly attributable o the carrying out of work which was subsequently rendered ibortive—

(a) by an order made before the commencement of this Act whereby permission to develop land was revoked or modified; or

(b) by a planning decision made before the commencement of this Act whereby permission to complete buildings or works was refused, or was granted subject to conditions,

ind compensation has become payable under subsection (1) of section twenty-two of the principal Act, or, as the case may be, under subsection (1) of section seventy-nine of that Act, in respect of expenditure incurred before the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, being expenditure so incurred wholly or partly in the carrying out of that work, then, in determining that development value, there shall be deducted an amount equal to so much of the compensation as was attributable to that work.

Other modifications

9. In determining the development value of an interest in land—

(a) no account shall be taken of any enforcement notice taking effect after the commencement of this Act by virtue of section seventy-five of the principal Act (which relates to development contravening planning control under previous enactments);

(b) account shall be taken of any enforcement notice taking effect by virtue of that section before the commencement of this Act, notwithstanding that the notice took effect after that development value would apart from this paragraph have been deemed to be finally determined.

10. Where, in determining the development value of an interest in land before the commencement of this Act, Rule (3) of the Rules set out in section two of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, was disregarded, notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (1) of section sixty-two of the principal Act (which required that Rule, together with other rules, to be applied in determining development values), the said subsection (1) shall apply, and be deemed always to have applied, in relation to the determination of the development value of that interest, as if the reference in that subsection to the said Rule (3) had been omitted.

11. Where a determination made before the commencement of this Act under Part VI of the principal Act related—

(a) to the fee simple of a parcel of land and to a leasehold interest

in the same or a different parcel of land; or

(b) to two or more leasehold interests, whether in the same or in different parcels of land,

the development values of those interests shall be re-determined separately as if that determination had not been made.

1st Sch.

—cant.

1064

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 2

, 1954

1st Sch. 12. Where a claim was made for a payment under the scheme

—com. referred to in subsection (2) of section one of this Act. but payment

in respect of the interest to which the claim related would have bees excluded by section eighty-five of the principal Act by virtue of a direction given under subsection (5) of the said section eighty-five, the Minister, on application made to him at any time within ox months after the commencement of this Act, may direct that die provisions of the principal Act and of this Act shall have effect m relation to that claim as if the direction under subsection (5) of the said section eighty-five had not been given.

Sections 2,49, SECOND SCHEDULE

52.

Claims pledged to Contral Land Board as security

FOR DEVELOPMENT CHARGES

1.—(1) In this Schedule, and in the other provisions of this Act. references to the pledging of a claim holding to the Central Land Board are references to any transaction whereby—

(a) the holder of the claim holding mortgaged it to the Board

as security, or part of the security, for one or more development charges determined, or thereafter to be determined, by the Board; or

(b) the holder and the Board agreed that a development charge

determined by the Board should be set off against any payment which might thereafter become payable to the holder by reference to that holding; or

(c) the Board refrained from determining a development charge,

which would otherwise have fallen to be determined by them, in consideration of a mortgage of the holding (with or without other claim holdings).

(2) All pledges of claim holdings to the Central Land Board made by the same person, whether or not made at the same time, other than any pledge to which sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule applies, shall for the purposes of this Schedule be treated collectively as a single pledge made at the time when the last of those pledges was made.

(3) Where a development charge covered by a pledge to the Central Land Board was determined in respect of land which constitutes the whole or part of the area of a claim holding not comprised in the pledge, being a holding of which the holder is the person who would, apart from the pledge, be liable to pay the unpaid balance of the development charge, then, for the purposes of this Schedule, that claim holding shall be deemed to be comprised in the pledge.

(4) In this Schedule references to the determination of a development charge in respect of any land are references to a determination of the Central Land Board that the charge was payable in respect of the carrying out of operations in, on, over or under that land, or in respect of the use of that land.

*54

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1065

(5) For the purposes of this Schedule the amount of a develop-ent charge—

(a) in a case where the Central Land Board determined that amount as a single capital payment, shall be taken to have been the amount of that payment;

(b) in a case where the Board determined that amount otherwise than as a single capital payment, shall be taken to have been the amount of the single capital payment which would have been payable if the Board had determined the amount as such a payment;

nd references in this Schedule to the unpaid balance of a develop-lent charge are references to the amount of the charge, if no sum ras actually paid to the Board on account of the charge, or, if any im was so paid, are references to the amount of the charge reduced y the amount or aggregate amount of the sum or sums so paid, ther than any sum paid by way of interest

(6) In relation to the pledging of a claim holding to the Central and Board, references in this Schedule to a development charge Dvered by the pledge are references to a development charge the ayment of which was secured, or partly secured, by the pledge, or, s the case may be, which was agreed to be set off against any ayment which might become payable by reference to the holding.

(7) References in this Schedule to a mortgage of a claim holding o not include a mortgage which has been dikharged.

2. —(1) Where a claim holding was pledged to the Central Land loard in accordance with the special arrangements relating to owners f single house plots, the claim holding shall, subject to the next allowing sub-paragraph, be deemed to have been extinguished as rom the time when it was pledged to the Board.

(2) Where a claim holding (in this sub-paragraph referred to as the original holding *) was pledged as mentioned in the preceding ub-paragraph, but was so pledged by reference to a plot of land /hid) did not extend to the whole of the area of the original holding, he preceding sub-paragraph shall not apply, but there shall be leemed to have been substituted for the original holding, as from he time of the pledge, a claim holding with an area consisting of o much of the area of the original holding as was not comprised in hat plot of land, and with a value equal to that fraction of the alue of the original holding which then attached to so much of the rea of the original holding as was not comprised in that plot

3. Without prejudice to the last preceding paragraph, where a •ledge to the Central Land Board comprised one or more claim oldings, and the unpaid balance of the development charge covered •y the pledge, or (if more than one) the aggregate of the unpaid alances of the development charges so covered, was equal to or reater than the value of the claim holding, or the aggregate value •f the claim holdings, as the case may be, the holding or holdings hall be deemed to have been extinguished as from the time of the ledge.

4. Where a pledge to the Central Land Board comprised only a ingle claim holding with an area of which every part either con-isted of, or formed part of, the land in respect of which some

2 L*

2nd Sch.

—cont.

1066 Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

, 1954

2nd Sch. development charge covered by the pledge was determined, and —cont. the last preceding paragraph does not apply, the unpaid balance

of the development charge covered by the pledge, or, if more than one, the aggregate of the unpaid balances of all the development charges covered by the pledge, shall be deducted from the value of the holding, and the value of that holding shall be deemed to have been reduced accordingly as from the time of the pledge.

5.—(1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect in the case of a pledge of one or more claim holdings to the Central Land Board to which neither of the two last preceding paragraphs applies.

(2) Any claim holding comprised in the pledge with an area of which every part either consisted of, or formed part of, the land in respect of which some development charge covered by the pledge was determined shall be allocated to the development charge in question or, if more than one, to those development charges collectively.

(3) Any claim holding comprised in the pledge with an area pan of which did, and part of which did not, consist of, or form pan of. such land as aforesaid shall be treated as if, at the time of the pledge, the claim holding (in this sub-paragraph referred to as " the parent holding ") had been divided into two separate claim holdings, that is to say—

(a) a claim holding with an area consisting of so much of the

area of the parent holding as consisted of, or formed pan of, such land as aforesaid and with a value equal to that fraction of the value of the parent holding which then attached to that part of the area of the parent holding; and

(b) a claim holding with an area consisting of the residue of the area of the parent holding and with a value equal to that fraction of the value of the parent holding which then attached to the residue of the area of the parent holding,

and the claim holding referred to in head (a) of this sub-paragraph shall be allocated to the development charge in question, or. if more than one, to those development charges collectively.

(4) Paragraph 3 or 4 of this Schedule shall then apply in relation to each claim holding, if any, allocated in accordance with the two last preceding sub-paragraphs to any development charge, or to any development charges collectively, as if the pledge had comprised only that claim holding and had covered only that development charge or those development charges.

(5) If after the application of the preceding provisions of this paragraph there remains outstanding any claim holding not allocated in accordance with those provisions, or any claim holding so allocated which has been reduced in value but not extinguished, an amount equal to the aggregate of—

(a) the unpaid balance of any development charge covered by

the pledge to which no claim holding was allocated as aforesaid; and

(b) the amount, if any, by which the value of any claim holding

allocated as aforesaid which is deemed to have been extinguished falls short of the unpaid balance of the

1954 Town and Country PlanntflB Ch. 72

Act, 1954

development charge, or the aggregate of the unpaid balances of the development charges, to which it was so allocated, shall be deducted from the value of the claim holding so remaining outstanding, or, if more than one, shall be deducted rateably from the respective values of those claim holdings, and the value of any such holding shall be deemed to have been reduced accordingly as from the time of the pledge.

THIRD SCHEDULE

Payments under section fifty-nine of principal Act

1. —(1) This Schedule applies to payments which have become payable, or become payable after the commencement of this Act, by virtue of the scheme made under section fifty-nine of the principal Act

(2) In relation to such a payment, the expression " the payment area" in this Schedule means the land in respect of which the payment became or becomes payable, and references to the amount of the payment shall be construed as references to the principal amount thereof, excluding any interest payable thereon under subsection (3) of section sixty-five of the principal Act.

(3) In this Schedule the expression " the date of the scheme " means the date of the coming into operation of the scheme made under the said section fifty-nine.

2. The provisions of this Schedule shall have effect where a payment to which this Schedule applies has become, or becomes, payable in respect of an interest in land and a claim holding related, or would apart from this Schedule have related, to the like interest in the whole or part of that land with or without any other land.

3. If the payment area is identical with the area of the claim holding, then—

(a) if the amount of the payment is equal to the value of the

claim holding, the claim holding shall be deemed to have been extinguished as from the date of the scheme;

(b) if the amount of the payment is less than the value of the claim holding, the value of the claim holding shall be deemed to have been reduced, as from the date of the scheme, by the amount of the payment.

4. —(1) If the payment area forms part of the area of the claim holding, the holding (in this paragraph referred to as " the parent holding ") shall be treated, as from the date of the scheme, as having been divided into two claim holdings, that is to say—

(a) a claim holding with an area consisting of that part of the area of the parent holding which constituted the payment area, and with a value equal to that fraction of the value of the parent holding which attached to that part of the area of the parent holding; and

2 L* 2

1067

2nd Sch.

—cant.

Section 2.

Ch. 72 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

(6) a claim holding with an area consisting of the residue of the area of the parent holding, and with a value equal to Ik fraction of the value of the parent holding which attadac to the residue of the area of the parent holding.

(2) Where the preceding sub-paragraph applies, the last precede; paragraph shall have effect in relation to the claim holding referee to in head (a) of the preceding sub-paragraph as if it were the pme holding.

5. If the payment area includes the area of the claim bokiq together with other land, paragraph 3 of this Schedule shall apph as if—

(a) the payment area had been identical with the area of fe claim holding; but

(b) the amount of the payment had been so much of the actm amount thereof as might reasonably be expected to b* been attributed to the area of the claim holding if, wfe the scheme made under section fifty-nine of the primp. Act, the authority determining the amount of the ment had been required (in accordance with the prit-ciples as applied to the determination of that amount) a apportion it as between the area of the claim holding aad the rest of the payment area.

6. If the payment area includes part of the area of the dm holding together with other land not comprised in the area of fe claim holding—

(a) paragraph 4 of this Schedule shall apply as if the put of

the payment area comprised in the area of the claim bokfog had been the whole of the payment area; and

(b) the last preceding paragraph shall apply as if the put the area of the claim holding comprised in the payout area had been the whole of the area of the claim holding.

Sections 18,65. FOURTH SCHEDULE

Calculation of value of previous development of land

1. Where under any provision of this Act the value of any development of land initiated before a time referred to in that provisa has to be ascertained with reference to that time, the value of the development shall be calculated in accordance with the provision of this Schedule.

2. The said value shall be calculated by reference to prices anna at the time in question—

(a) as if the development had not been initiated but the had

had remained in the state in which it was immedhfelj before the development was initiated; and

(b) on the assumption that (apart horn the principal Act) Ibe development could at that time lawfully be carried out.

1068

3rd Sch.

—cont.

954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1069

tnd shall be taken to be the difference between the value which in 4th Sch. hose circumstances the land would have had at that time if per- —commission for that development had been granted unconditionally mmediately before that time and the value which in those circum-itanoes the land would have had at that time if permission for that levelopment had been applied for and refused immediately before hat time, and it could be assumed that permission for that development, and any other new development of that land, would be refused m any subsequent application:

Provided that, if the development involved the clearing of any land, the reference in sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph to the state of the land immediately before the development shall be construed as a reference to the state of the land immediately after the clearing thereof but before the carrying out of any other operations.

3. If the development was initiated in pursuance of planning permission granted subject to conditions, the last preceding paragraph shall apply as if the reference to the granting of permission unconditionally were a reference to the granting of permission subject to the like conditions.

4. If the permission referred to in the last preceding paragraph was granted subject to conditions which consisted of, or included, a requirement expressed by reference to a specified period, the reference in that paragraph to the like conditions shall be construed, in relation to the condition imposing that requirement, as a reference to a condition imposing the like requirement in respect of a period of like duration beginning at the time in question.

5. In the application of the preceding provisions of this Schedule to development initiated, but not completed, before the time in question, references to permission for that development shall be construed as references to permission for so much of that development as had been carried out before that time.

1.—(1) Where, in the case of a compulsory acquisition to which Part III of this Act applies, any area of the relevant land which, immediately before the service of the notice to treat, has an unexpended balance of established development value does not satisfy the conditions set out in the next following sub-paragraph, that area shall be treated as divided into as many separate areas as may be requisite to ensure that each of those separate areas satisfies those conditions.

(2) The conditions referred to in the preceding sub-paragraph are—

(a) that all the interests (other than excepted interests) subsisting in the area in question subsist in the whole thereof; and

(b) that any rentbharge charged on the area in question is charged on the whole thereof.

FIFTH SCHEDULE Apportionment of unexpended balance of established

DEVELOPMENT VALUE Determination of relevant area

Section 31.

1070

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Act, 1954

5th Sch. (3) Any area of the relevant land which has an unexpended balance —cont. of established development value and which complies with the

conditions set out in the last preceding sub-paragraph is in tha Schedule referred to in relation to the interests subsisting therein as " the relevant area ", and the subsequent provisions of this Schedule shall have effect separately in relation to each relevant area.

Preliminary calculations

2. There shall be calculated the amount referable to the relevant area of the rent which might reasonably be expected to be reserved if the relevant land were to be let on terms prohibiting die earning out of any new development but permitting the carrying oat of any other development; and the amount so calculated is in this Schedule referred to as 44 the existing use rent

3-—(1) If-

(a) in the case of an interest in fee simple which is subject to a rentcharge; or

(b) in the case of a tenancy,

so much of the rent reserved under the rentcharge or tenancy as is referable to the relevant area exceeds the existing use rent, there shafl be calculated the capital value of the right to receive for the period of the remainder of the term of the rentcharge or tenancy an annual payment equal to the excess; and any amount so calculated in the case of any interest is in this Schedule referred to as 44 the rental liability " of that interest.

(2) Where the interest in fee simple is subject to more than one rentcharge, then, for ithe purposes of the preceding sub-paragraph, as respects any period included in the term of two or more of those rent-charges, those two or more rentcharges shall be treated as a single rentcharge charged on the relevant area for the duration of that period with a rent reserved thereunder of an amount equal to the aggregate of so much of their respective rents as is referable to the relevant area

4. In the case of any interest in reversion—

(a) there shall be calculated the capital value as at die time

immediately before the service of the notice to treat of the right to receive a sum equal to tihe unexpended balance of established development value of the relevant area at that time, but payable at the expiration of the tenancy upon the termination of which the interest in question is immediately expectant; and the amount so calculated in the case of any interest is in this Schedule referred to as "the reversionary development value" of that interest;

(b) if so much of the rent reserved under the tenancy aforesaid as is referable to the relevant area exceeds the existing use rent, there shall also be calculated the capital value as at the time aforesaid of the right to receive for the period of the remainder of the term of that tenancy an annual payment equal to the excess; and any amount so determined in the case of any interest is in this Schedule referred to as 44 the rental increment " of that interest.

954

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

Ch. 72

1071

Apportionment of unexpended balance between interests

5. Where two or more interests other than excepted interests subsist in the relevant area, the portion of the unexpended balance A established development value of the relevant area attributable to *ach respectively of (those interests shall be taken to be the following, hat is to say—

(a) in the case of the interest in fee simple, an amount equal to the reversionary development value of that interest less the amount, if any, by which any rental liability of that interest exceeds any rental increment thereof;

(b) in the case of a tenancy in reversion, an amount equal to the reversionary development value of that tenancy less the aggregate of—

(i) the reversionary development value of the interest in reversion immediately expectant upon the termination of that tenancy; and

(ii) the amount, if any, by which any rental liability of that tenancy exceeds any rental increment thereof;

(c) in the case of a tenancy other than a tenancy in reversion, the remainder, if any, of the said balance after the deduction of the aggregate of—

(i) the reversionary development value of the interest in reversion immediately expectant upon the termination of that tenancy; and

(ii) any rental liability of that tenancy.

Interpretation

6. In this Schedule—

(a) the expression " tenancy " does not include an excepted interest;

(b) any reference to an interest or tenancy in reversion does not include an interest or tenancy in reversion immediately expectant upon the termination of an excepted interest.

SIXTH SCHEDULE Special classes of land for which planning permission is to

BE TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT ON COMPULSORY ACQUISITION

1. Land which, on the date of service of the notice to treat, is land to which section eighty-two of the principal Act applies.

2. Land acquired by a local authority under Part I of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, or under Part IV of the principal Act, for the purposes of the development or re-development of any area as a whole, and land appropriated by a local authority for those purposes, where the relevant interest is the interest of that authority in that land.

3. Land acquired by a development corporation under the New Towns Act, 1946, where the relevant interest is the interest of that corporation in that land.

5th Sch. —amt.

Sections 34,67.

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning 2&3Euzj

Act, 1954

4. Land which, on the date of service of the notice to tm, 0 operational land of statutory undertakers, where the relevant iaeat is the interest of those undertakers in that land.

5. Land which, on the date of service of the notice to treat i land of the National Coal Board of a class specified in regnhtua made under section ninety of the principal Act, where the idem interest is the interest of the National Coal Board in that lad.

6. Land to which section eighty-five of the principal Act agfe on the date of service of the notice to treat and applied oo tfefa day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight

7. Land which would have been such land as is referred toil of the preceding paragraphs if the notice to treat had been tend on the date of the granting of the planning permission in question

8. Land to which, by virtue of a direction of the Minister ode subsection (5) of section eighty-five of the principal Act any fc provisions of that section applied on the date of the granting oft* planning permission in question.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE Enactments amended

The Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 (10 <fe 11 Geo. 6. c. 51.

1. In section twenty, in subsection (4), at the end there shtl k added the words " if Part III of the Town and Country Planm Act, 1954, had not been passed ".

2. In section ninety-five, in subsection (3), for the words "eato of the two last foregoing sections*’ there shall be substitutedfc words " section ninety-three of this Act

3. The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection C of section one hundred and twelve: —

" (2) For the purposes of paragraph 3 of the said Thcd Schedule—

(a) the erection on land within the curtilage of any ad

building as is mentioned in that paragraph of a additional building to be used in connection with tk original building shall be treated as the enlaigmat of the original building; and

(b) where any two or more buildings comprised in thesaae

curtilage are used as one unit for the purposes of jij institution or undertaking, the reference in the aid paragraph 3 to the cubic content of the original boiling shall be construed as a reference to the aggrept cubic content of those buildings."

4. In the Third Schedule—

(a) in paragraph 1, after the words " such building) " there shall be inserted the words " and of any other building in existence at a material date, being a building erected after tk appointed day ";

D. by

954

Town and Country Planning

Act; 1954

Ch. 72

1073

(b) in paragraphs 2, 4 and 8, for the words " on the appointed day* there shall in each case he substituted the words 44 at a material date ";

(c) in paragraph 6, for the words 44 on the appointed day " there

shall be substituted, in the first place where those words occur, the words " art a material date " and, in the second place where those words occur, the words 44 on and at all times since the appointed day ";

() in paragraph 7, for the words 44 on the appointed day " in the first place where they occur there shall be substituted the words 44 at a material date *, and after the said words in the second place where they occur there shall be inserted the words 44 or on the day thereafter when the buildings began to be so used ";

(e) after paragraph 8 there shall be added the following—

449. In this Schedule, the expression 44at a material date " means at either of the following dates, that is to say—

(a) the appointed day; or

(b) the date by reference to which this Schedule falls to be applied in the particular case in question:

Provided that sub-paragraph (b) of this paragraph shall not apply in relation to any building, works or use of land in respect of which, whether before or after the date mentioned in that subparagraph, an enforcement notice served before that date has become or becomes effective.

10. Where, after the appointed day, any buildings or works have 'been erected or constructed, or any use of land has been instituted, and any condition imposed under Part III of this Act limiting the period for which those buildings or works may be retained or that use may be continued is of effect in relation thereto, this Schedule shall not operate except as respects the period specified in that condition.*'

The National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

(12, 13 A 14 G. 6, c. 97.

5. In section ninety-seven, in subsection (5), for the words 44 section ninety-four,* there shall be substituted the words " section ninety-three.*

The Mineral Workings Act, 1951

(14 A 15 Geo. 6. c. 60.

6. In section three, in subsection (2) for the words "one penny and one-eighth" there shall be substituted the words "twopence farthing" and at the end of the subsection there shall be added the following:—

" Provided that as respects—

(a) ironstone which immediately before the fifteenth day of February, nineteen hundred and fifty-one, was subject to a full restoring lease; and

7th Sch. —cant.

1074

Ch. 72

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

7th Sch. —com.

(b) ironstone in respect of which an order under section seven of this Act was in force immediately before the commencement of section fifty-six of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1954; and

(c) ironstone specified in an order in force under subsection (1) of the said section fifty-six,

the rate of the contributions so payable shall be one penny and one-eighth for each ton so weighed.

(2a) Where, under subsection (2) of this section, contributkns at the rate of twopence farthing per ton are payable by a lessee under a mining lease or by the person granted a right to work minerals by an order under Part I of the Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act, 1923, a sum, computed in accordance with the provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act, may. notwithstanding anything in the lease or order, be deducted in accordance with the provisions of that Schedule from payments by the lessee under the lease or by that person under the order, or may be otherwise recovered in accordance with those provisions by the lessee or by that person:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any mining lease made after the fifteenth day of February and before the first day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-one, which contained a provision expressly excluding the operation of paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section six of this Act*’

7. In the Third Schedule—

(a) in paragraph 1, for the words " the rate required under

section six of this Act " there shall be substituted the words 44 the rate of twopence farthing per ton ";

(b) in paragraphs 3 and 4, for the words 44 the first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-one* there shall be substituted the words 44 the date of the commencement of section fifty-six of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1954";

(c) in paragraph 7 for the words 44 paragraph (b) of subsection (2)

of section six *’ there shall be substituted the words 44 subsection (2a) of section three ’*, and for the words 44 the said paragraph (b) * there shall be substituted the words 44 the said subsection (2a) '*; and

() after paragraph 7 there shall be added the following—

44 8. This Schedule shall apply with any necessary adaptations in relation to an order under Part I of the Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act, 1923, as if that order were a lease and the person granted thereby a right to work minerals were the lessee under that lease

The Town and Country Planning Act, 1953 (1 &2 Eliz. 2. c. 16.

8. In section two, in paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (1), for the words 44 pending the coming into operation of such an Act * there shall be substituted the words 44 subject to the provisions of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1954."

1954 Town and Country Planning Ch. 72

Act, 1954

EIGHTH SCHEDULE Section 71.

Enactments repealed

Session and Chapter Short title Extent of repeal

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51. The Town and Country Planning Act, 1947. In section twenty-two, the proviso to subsection (1), subsection (5), and in subsection (6) the words from 44 or a " to 44 section twenty of this Act" and the words from 44 or as " to 44 said section twenty"; subsections (3) and (4) of section eighty-three; section ninety-four; in section ninety-five, subsection (1), and the words 44 or section ninety-four* in subsection (2); and subsection (4) of section one hundred and nineteen.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 60. The Mineral Workings Act, 1951. Sections five to seven; sections twenty-nine and thirty; subsection (1) of section thirty-one; in section thirty-nine, the words ‘‘section seven" in subsection (1), and in subsection (2) the words from44 an order * to44 or containing*; and the Second Schedule.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 16. The Town and Country Planning Act, 1953. In section two, in the proviso to subsection (1). paragraph (a), and in paragraph (b) the word 44 but " and sub-paragraph (ii); and in section three, paragraph (a) of subsection (1) and subsections (5) and (7).

coo

1076

Ch. 72, 73

Town and Country Planning

Act, 1954

2 & 3 Em 2

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910 Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919

Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act,

1923

Settled Land Act, 1925

Law of Property Act, 1925

Land Charges Act, 1925

Universities and College Estates Act, 1925 ... Town and Country Planning Act, 1932 Restriction of Ribbon Development Act, 1935

Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939

National Loans Act, 1939

War Damage Act, 1943

Town and Country Planning Act, 1944

New Towns Act, 1946

Transport Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1948

Companies Act, 1948

National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act, 1949

Mineral Workings Act, i951

Town and Country Planning Act, 1953

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

10 Edw. 7. A1 Geo. 5.C.24

9 A 10 Geo. 5. c. 57.

13 A 14 Geo. 5. c. 20.

15 A 16 Geo. 5. a 18.

15 A 16 Geo. 5. a 20.

15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 22 15 A 16 Geo. 5. c 24.

22 A 23 Geo. 5. a 48.

25 A 26 Geo. 5. c. 47.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 75.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 117.

6 A 7 Geo. 6. c. 21.

7 A 8 Geo. 6. c. 47.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 68.

10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 49.

10 A 11 Geo. 6. c 51.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 17.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. a 38.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6 c 97.

14 A15 Geo. 6. c. 60.

1 A 2 Eliz. 2. c. 16.

I

CHAPTER 73

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) , 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Special Payments for Depreciation of Land Values

Section

1. Payments by reference to established claims.

2. Claim holdings, their areas and values, and apportionment of vafaa

between parts of areas.

3. Payment where development charge incurred by claim-holder or b

predecessor in title (Case A).

4. Supplementary provisions relating to development charges.

5. Payment where land compulsorily acquired or sold at price wholly

or partly excluding development value (Case B).

6. Supplementary provisions relating to compulsory acquisitions and to

sales.

1954

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 73

1077

Section

7. Payment where land disposed of by gift (Case C).

8. Payment where claim holding purchased (Case D).

9. Payment under Case A, B or C to person deriving title to claim holding

from original claim-holder.

10. Payments in cases analogous to Case B.

11. Residual payments in cases analogous to Cases A and B.

12. Payments not to exceed value of claim holdings.

13. Applications for payments under Part I.

14. Payments to be made byCentral Land Board.

15. Effect of payments on claim holdings.

Part II

Compensation for Refusal, or Conditional Grant, of Planning Permission

16. Scope of Part II.

17. Unexpended balance of established development value.

18. Reduction or extinguishment of balance.

19. Right to compensation in respect of planning decisions.

20. Compensation excluded in respect of certain matters.

21. Compensation excluded if certain other development permitted.

22. General provisions as to claims for compensation.

23. Review of planning decisions where compensation claimed.

24. Supplementary provisions as to review of planning decisions.

25. General provisions as to amount of compensation.

26. Measure of depreciation for assessing compensation.

27. Determination of claims for compensation.

28. Apportionment of compensation.

29. Recording of notices relating to compensation.

30. Recovery of compensation on subsequent development.

Part III

Compensation for Compulsory Acquisition of Land

31. Application of Part III.

32. Compensation to include unexpended balance of established develop-

ment value.

33. Additional compensation for works.

34. Protection for purchaser of interest subsequently acquired compul-

sorily.

35. Compensation to take account of planning permission in certain other

cases.

36. Additional payments in cases where no claim for development value

has been established.

37. Compensation for severance, injurious affection and disturbance.

38. Effect of Part III on unexpended balance of established development

value.

39. Assessment of compensation in certain cases.

Part IV

Compensation for Revocation or Modification of Planning Permission

40. Amendment of s. 20 of principal Act.

41. Recording of notices as to, and apportionment of, compensation for

depreciation.

42. Exchequer contribution towards compensation in certain cases.

43. Recovery, on subsequent development, of compensation under s. 20

of principal Act.

1078

Ch. 73

Town and Country Planning

(i Scotland) , 1954

2 & 3 Euz.2

Part V

Compensation for Past Planning Decisions and Past Orders revoking or modifying Planning Permission

Section

44. Scope of Part V.

45. Right to compensation in respect of past planning decisions or past

revocations See. of planning permission.

46. General provisions as to amount of compensation for past planning

decisions, revocations &c.

47. Claims for compensation under Part V, and review of past decisions

and orders.

48. Payment of compensation under Part V, and supplementary provisions

relating thereto.

Part VI

Miscellaneous and Supplementary Provisions

49. Associated companies.

50. Provision of information as to unexpended balance, Sec.

51. Cancellation or reduction of liability for development charges.

52. Exchequer grants to local planning authorities.

53. Supplementary provisions as to Exchequer grants.

54. Recovery of certain sums from acquiring authorities.

55. Compensation for damage to requisitioned land.

56. Special provisions relating to minerals.

57. Modification of mining leases granted before 18th November, 1951

58. Recovery, on subsequent development, of payments under s. 56 of

principal Act.

59. Applications for permission for industrial development.

60. Assignations and settlements by will of claims under Part V of principal

Act.

61. Crown land.

62. Consideration in respect of discharge of acquired land from feu-duty,

ground annual, &c.

63. Transfer to Secretary of State of functions of Central Land Board

exercisable in Scotland.

64. General financial provisions.

65. General provisions as to calculation of value.

66. Provision for diversion of payments.

67. Application of miscellaneous provisions of principal Act.

68. Provisions as to regulations.

69. Interpretation.

70. Minor and consequential amendments and repeals.

71. Short title, citation, commencement and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Modification of provisions of principal Act as to development value.

Second Schedule—Claims assigned to Central Land Board as security for development charges.

Third Schedule—Payments under section fifty-six of principal Ad Fourth Schedule—Calculation of value of previous development of land.

Fifth Schedule—Apportionment of unexpended balance of established development value.

1954

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 73

1079

Sixth Schedule—Special classes of land for which planning permission is to be included in compensation on compulsory acquisition.

Seventh Schedule—Compensation, on compulsory acquisition, for severance and injurious affection.

Eighth Schedule—Enactments amended.

Ninth Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to make provision with respect to Scotland for compensation and other payments by reference to claims for payments under section fifty-five of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947; to make further provision as to the acquisition of land by public authorities, as to compensation in respect of orders revoking or modifying permission to develop land and in respect of damage to requisitioned land, as to development charges, as to Exchequer grants under the said Act of 1947, and as to payments under section fifty-six of that Act, and to amend other provisions of that Act; to make further provision for the modification of mining leases and orders granting working rights; to make further provision for the assessment under section one hundred and eight of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, of the consideration payable in respect of the discharge of acquired land from feu-duty and ground annuals and other burdens; to provide for the transfer of the functions in Scotland of the Central Land Board, on the dissolution of that Board, to the Secretary of State; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[25th November, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Special Payments for Depreciation of Land Values

1.—(1) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect for requiring payments to be made by the Central Land Board, by reference to claims established under Part V of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 (in this Act referred to as " the principal Act "), in cases where the land, or part of

Payments by reference to established claims.

1080

Ch. 73

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Part I the land, in respect of which such a claim was established, or

—com* the interest in land to which such a claim related, or the benefit,

or part of the benefit, of such a claim, has before the commencement of this Act been the subject of an act or event such as is specified in any of those provisions.

(2) The claims referred to in the preceding subsection are claims for payments under the scheme which, but for the provisions of section two of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1953 (in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1953 "), would have fallen to be made under section fifty-five of the principal Act (which provided for payments in respect of depreciation of land values in accordance with a scheme to be made under fiat section).

(3) A claim for such a payment in respect of an interest in land shall for the purposes of this Act be taken to have been established in respect of that land under Part V of the principal Act if an amount was determined under the said Part V, or is so determined after the commencement of this Act, as being the development value of the interest to which the claim related, and payment in respect of that interest would not have been excluded—

(a) by section sixty of the principal Act (which excluded

claims where the development value was small in proportion to the area, or to the restricted value, of the land), or

(b) by any of sections seventy-nine to eighty-two of the prin-

cipal Act (which relate to certain land belonging to local authorities, local (Hanning authorities, development corporations and statutory undertakers, and to land held for charitable purposes), or

(c) by section eighty-one of the principal Act as applied

by regulations under section eighty-six of that Act (which relates to the National Coal Board).

(4) In this Act the expression "established claim9* means a claim which by virtue of the last preceding subsection is to be taken to have been established as mentioned in that subsection, and references to the establishment of a claim shall be construed accordingly; and the expression "the claim area9*, in relation to an established claim, means the land in respect of which the claim is by virtue of that subsection to be taken to , have been established.

(5) References in this Act to the benefit of an established claim—

(a) in relation to any time before the passing of the Act of 1953, whether before or after the malring of the claim, or before or after the establishment thereof, shall

1954

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 73

1081

£ be construed as references to the prospective right,

, under and subject to the provisions of the scheme

referred to in subsection (2) of this section, to receive a payment in respect of the interest in land to which the claim related, and

C; (b) in relation to any time after the passing of the Act > of 1953 (whether before or after the commencement

of this Act), shall be construed as references to such >. prospective right to the satisfaction of the claim as sub-

sisted immediately before the commencement of this * if Act by virtue of section two of that Act,

and references to part of the benefit of an established claim t shall be construed accordingly.

(6) References in this Act to the amount of an established

.claim are references to the amount determined, whether before -or after the commencement of this Act, under Part V of the principal Act as being the development value of the interest in land to which the claim related:

i i Provided that the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of determining that amount; - and where that amount was determined at a time before the ^‘commencement of this Act as an amount less or greater than Lj It would have been if those provisions had at that time had * effect in relation thereto, that determination shall be deemed not to have been made.

z 2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, references therein

to a claim holding are references to the benefit of an estab-J lished claim, references to the area of a claim holding are r references to the land which, in relation to the established claim ' constituting that holding, is the claim area, and references to l>i the value of a claim holding are references to the amount of * the established claim constituting that holding.

(2) The provisions—

(a) of the Second Schedule to this Act, relating to cases where a claim holding was assigned to the Central

- Land Board, and

i: (b) of the Third Schedule to this Act, relating to cases

where a claim holding related to an interest in land [L and a payment has become, or becomes, payable under

- section fifty-six of the principal Act (which provides for payments in respect of certain war-damaged land)

j r in respect of the like interest in the whole or part of

that land with or without any other land,

, shall have effect for extinguishing the claim holding, or reducing the value thereof, or for treating the claim holding as divided into two or more claim holdings and extinguishing any of those " holdings or reducing the value thereof.

Part I —cont.

Claim holdings, their areas and values, and apportionment of values between parts of areas.

1082 Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2 A 3 Euz.2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Part 1 (3) Where by virtue of any transmission of part of the beadc

—cont. of an established claim different persons became entitled tc different parts of that benefit, then, as from the date of da transmission (in this subsection referred to as " the relens transmission "), each of those different parts shall be treated a having constituted a separate claim holding, and the area as: value of each of those separate holdings at any material fat after the relevant transmission shall be taken to have been sac as may, on the occasion of an apportionment affecting that hob ing falling to be made for any of the purposes of this Act, far determined by the authority making the apportionment or, vise that authority’s determination is referred to the Lands Tribes under any provision of this Act, by that Tribunal, to be just a* appropriate in all the circumstances; and in making their defe ruination the authority or Tribunal shall in particular ho» regard to the following principles, that is to say—

(a) that the aggregate of the values of all claim holdup

representing .parts of the benefit of the same estabfcdrt claim shall not exceed the amount of that estab&U claim;

(b) that, subject to the preceding paragraph, where a dak holding representing part only of the benefit of a established claim has been assigned to the Central Land Board within the meaning of the Second Scheduler this Act, otherwise than as is mentioned in paragrqi 2 of that Schedule, and by virtue of that Schedule izv deduction falls to be made from the value of that dak holding by reference to an amount due by way development charge, the value of that holding at fir time of the assignation shall not be taken to have bees less than the amount secured by the assignation;

(c) that, in the case of the claim holding representing fit

part of the benefit of an established claim which vu the subject of the relevant transmission, not being i claim holding to which paragraph () of this subseede: applies—

(i) the area of the claim holding should be taka to be the claim area of that established claim less fie area of any claim holding to which the said paragraph id) applies which represents part of the benefit the same established claim; and <(ii) the value of the claim holding immediately she the relevant transmission should, subject to pan-graphs (a)and (b) of this subsection, be taken fc have been that part of the amount of the established claim to which the holder purported to become entitled under the terms of that transmission;

;7

1954 Town and Country Planning Ch. 73

(Scotland) Act, 1954

W) that where any person who has been entitled to a claim holding representing part only of the benefit of an established claim—

(i) at any time while so entitled has also been entitled to the interest in land to which the established claim related in so far as that interest subsisted in part only of the claim area; and

(ii) became entitled to both that holding and that interest in such circumstances that the authority aforesaid or, as the case may be, the Lands Tribunal are satisfied that the holding and the interest were intended to relate to one another,

the area of that claim holding should be taken to be that part of the claim area, and the value of that holding immediately after the relevant transmission should, however that or any other transmission affecting the holding was expressed but subject to paragraphs ia) to

(c) of this subsection, be taken to have been an amount equal to so much of the amount of the established claim as might reasonably be expected to have been attributed to that part of the claim area if the authority determining the amount of that established claim had been t required to apportion it, in accordance with the same

r- principles as applied to its determination, between that

: part and the residue of the claim area.

(4) References in this Act to the fraction of the value of a -■ claim holding which attaches to a part of the area of the holding £ are references to so much of the amount of the established claim of which that holding represents the benefit or part of the benefit :r (in this subsection referred to as " the relevant established claim ") '7 as was properly attributable to that part of the area of the -7 holding:

Provided that where, by virtue of any provision of this Act, the value of the claim holding at the time in question is to be : treated as less or greater—

* (a) in a case where the area of the holding and the claim

area of the relevant established claim are the same, than the amount of that established claim; or

n (b) in a case where the area of the holding consists of part

" only of the said claim area, than so much of the amount

; of the relevant established claim as was properly attri-

butable to the area of the holding,

* the amount of the fraction aforesaid shall be treated as reduced e or, as the case may be, increased proportionately.

1083

Part I

—cont.

Ch. 73

1084

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Euz.2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Part I For the purposes oi this subsection, the part of the amount of —com. the relevant established claim which was properly attributable to any land forming .part of the claim area shall be deemed to be so much of the amount of that claim as might reasonably be expected to have been attributed to that land if the authority determining that amount had been required to apportion it, in accordance with the same principles as applied to its determination, between that land and the residue of the claim area.

(5) References in this Part of this Act, other than in this section, to the value of a claim holding are references to the value of that holding immediately before die commencement of this Act.

(6) Where in accordance with any of the provisions oi this Act a part of the benefit of an established claim constitutes a separate claim holding, the interest in land to which that claim holding relates shall be taken to be an interest of the like character as the interest to which the established claim related.

(7) Where in accordance with any of the provisions of this Act a claim holding (in this subsection referred to as u the parent holding ") is to be treated as divided into two or more claim holdings, a person who is for the time being the holder of one of those holdings shall be treated as having been the holder thereof at any time when he was the holder of the parent holding.

(8) In this Act the expression " the holder ", in relation to a claim holding, means the person for the time being entitled to the holding.

Payment where 3.—(]) The holder of a claim holding shall, subject to the

etopment provisions of this Part of this Act, be entitled by virtue of this incurred by section to a payment in respect of that holding if either—

(a) he has incurred a development charge in respect of land to which this subsection applies, or

(b) he is entitled to an interest in land to which this sob-section applies, and a development charge was incurred in respect of that land by a person from whom he derives title to that interest or whose interest has subsequently become merged in that interest

claim-holder or his predecessor in title (Case A).

(2) The preceding subsection applies to any land which constitutes the area of the claim holding, or part of that area, or which includes that area or part of that area.

Ch. 73

1085

1954 Town and Country

(Scotland) , 1954

(3) The principal amount of a payment made in respect of a claim holding by virtue of tibus section—

(a) if the development charge was incurred in respect of the

whole of the area of the holding, or in respect of land which included the whole of that area, shall not exceed the value of the holding;

(b) if the development charge was incurred in respect of

part of the area of the holding, or in respect of land which included part (but not die whole) of that area, shall not exceed that fraction of the value of the holding which attaches to that part of the area of the holding.

(4) Subject to the last preceding subsection, and to the two next following subsections, the principal amount of a payment made by virtue of this section by reference to a development charge shall be the amount of the charge.

(5) Where apart from this subsection a payment would be payable by virtue of this section by reference to a development charge, and by reason of the payment of that charge—

(a) compensation has become payable (whether before or

after the commencement of this Act) under subsection (1) of section twenty of the principal Act (which relates to cases where planning permission is revoked or modified), or the amount of any compensation so payable has been increased, or

(b) in connection with a compulsory acquisition of land

(whether before or after the commencement of this Act) the operation of subsection (4) of section forty-eight of the principal Act (which provides, with certain exceptions, for disregarding planning permission granted before the date of the notice to treat) has been excluded and the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition has been thereby increased, or

(c) on a sale to a public authority possessing compulsory

purchase powers (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) the sale price has been increased by being calculated on the basis that the operation of subsection (4) of the said section forty-eight was excluded,

the Central Land Board shall reduce or disallow the payment, as the Board, or, where the Board's determination is referred to the Lands Tribunal under section thirteen of this Act, that Tribunal, may determine to be appropriate, having regard to die compensation, or increased compensation, or increased price, as the case may be, payable by reason of the development charge.

Part 1

—cont.

1086 Ch. 73 Town an 2A3&*

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Par i (6) Where two or more payments are payable by lit*, this section in respect of different claim holdings, tat fay g ence to the same development charge, and apart from tor. section the aggregate of the principal amounts of tb%^ meats would exceed the amount of the charge, each cipal amount shall be reduced rateably so that the of them is equal to the amount of the charge.

(7) In the following provisions of this Act references i, payment under Case A are references to a payment by of this section. "

Supptamtaiy 4.—(1) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a develops

j charge shall be taken to have been incurred in respected land if the Central Land Board have (whether before or fc the commencement of this Act) determined that the charge* payable in respect of the carrying out of operations in, on,* or under that land, or in respect of the use of that land, a the whole or part of the charge has been paid or has beat payable.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act the peooab whom a development charge was incurred shall be takes the person by whom or on whose behalf the charge was p* or, ff the charge was not paid in full in the first instance, & person who undertook with the Central Land Board to park charge or the unpaid balance thereof.

(3) For die purposes of this Part of this Act the amount efi development charge—

(a) in a case where the Central Land Board determined tk amount as a single capital payment, shall be taint be the amount so determined;

(b) in a case where the Board determined that amox otherwise than as a single capital payment, shall it taken to be the amount of the single capital paymer which would have been payable if the Board had da-mined the amount as such a payment.

5.—(1) The holder of a claim holding shall, subject to tk provisions of this Part of this Act, be entided by virtue of tk section to a payment in respect of that holding if, at a tin when he was entided in the same capacity both to the dm holding and to the interest in land to which the holding (dud that interest—

(a) was compulsorily acquired by, or was sold to, a authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, c such circumstances that die compensation payable in respect of the acquisition of the interest, or the price at which the interest was sold, fell short of the sen of the value of the holding and the existing use valued the interest, or

Payment where land compulsorily acquired or sold at price wholly or partly excluding development value (Case B).

4

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 73

1087

8cr*;

£r-

(£) was sold, otherwise than to a public authority possess-ing compulsory purchase powers, at a price which v fell short of the sum of the value of the holding and

; , the restricted value of the interest.

(2) No payment shall be made by virtue of this section by "ison that an interest in land was compulsorily acquired or id as mentioned in paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition thereof, die price at which the interest was sold—

V - . (a) was calculated in accordance with the provisions of

' Part II of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland)

k h Act, 1945 (which provided for compensation based on

market value, by reference to prices current at the : thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-

nine), or

(b) was compensation calculated on the basis of equivalent reinstatement, or a price agreed by reference to com-:> pensation so calculated.

(3) No payment shall be made by virtue of this section unless -ie transaction in question —

(a) if it was a compulsory acquisition, or a sale to a public

authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, was effected in pursuance of a notice to treat served, or a : : contract made, on or after the thirteenth day of

August, nineteen hundred and forty-seven, and before : 3c the commencement of this Act;

(b) if it was a sale otherwise than to a public authority

possessing compulsory purchase powers, was effected

in pursuance of a contract made on or after the

~_r said thirteenth day of August, and before the eighteenth

day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, or in pursuance of an option granted on or after the first 21 day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and

before the said eighteenth day of November,

- and unless the conveyance relative to the acquisition or sale has -'been granted (whether before or after the commencement of " this Act) before the time when an application is made to the Central Land Board for the payment.

(4) The principal amount of a payment made by virtue of this section in respect of a claim holding—

" (a) in a case falling within paragraph (a) of subsection (1)

Z of this section, shall be the value of the holding,

Z reduced by any amount by which the compensation or

" sale price exceeded the existing use value of the

interest;

Part I

—cant.

1088

Ch. 73

Part I —ront.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

(6) in a case foiling within paragraph (b) of that subsection, shall be the value of the holding, reduced by any amount by which the sale price exceeded the restricted value of the interest

(5) In the application of the preceding provisions of this section to a case where the interest compulsorily acquired or sold extended to land not included in the area of the claim holding—

(a) references to the compensation payable in respect of the

acquisition of the interest or to the existing use value of the interest, shall be construed respectively as references to so much of that compensation or vabe as might reasonably be expected to have been attributed to the interest in so for as it subsisted in hod included in the area of the claim holding;

(b) references to the sale price shall be construed as refer-

ences to so much of that price as the parties to the sale may reasonably be supposed to have attributed to the interest in so far as it subsisted in land so included; and

(c) references to the restricted value of the interest shall be

construed as references to the restricted value of the interest in so for as it subsisted in land so included.

(6) In the application of the preceding provisions of this section to a case where the interest compulsorily acquired or sold did not extend to the whole area of the claim holding, references to the value of the claim holding shall be construed as references to that fraction of that value which attaches to the part of the area of the claim holding which was comprised in the acquisition or sale.

(7) Where an interest in land is the subject of a compulsory acquisition or sale such as is mentioned in subsection <3) of this section and—

(a) on or after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and

forty-eight, but before the date of the compulsory acquisition or sale, another interest had become merged with that interest; and

(b) the person entitled to the interest compulsorily acquired

or sold was at the date of the compulsory acquisition or sale entitled to a claim holding or claim holdings which related to either or each of the merged interests,

this section shall apply as if those interests had not merged but had been separately acquired from or sold by die person entitled to the interest acquired or sold; and the compensation payable in respect of the compulsory acquisition or, as the case

1954

Ch. 73

1089

Town and Country Pla

(Scotland) Act, 1954

may be, the sale price shall be treated as apportioned between Part I those interests accordingly: —

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall prejudice the operation of the proviso to subsection (5) of the next following section.

(8) Where two or more persons are jointly entitled to a claim bolding, then, for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not those persons are entitled to a payment in respect of the holding by virtue of this section, any act or event by virtue of which the interest of any one or more of those persons in any of the area of the claim holding passed to any other one or more of those persons shall be deemed not to have occurred.

(9) The provisions of this and the next following section shall apply in relation to any interest in land vested in the British Transport Commission by subsection (2) of section forty-five of the Transport Act, 1947 (which relates to the acquisition of road haulage undertakings by the Commission), as if that vesting were a compulsory acquisition of that interest and as if the notice of acquisition served under Part m of that Act by virtue of which the interest was so vested were a notice to treat

(10) In the following provisions of this Act references to a payment under Case B are references to a payment by virtue of this section.

6.—(1) In this Act any reference to the sale or purchase of an Supplementary interest in land includes a reference to the sale or purchase of pij^3sio?? such an interest by way of feu; and in relation to any such sale ^mpuLory or purchase— acquisitions

(a) the price shall be taken for the purposes of this Act to and to sales.

be the capital value of the feu-duty, or, as the case may be, the aggregate consideration represented by the grassum and the capital value of the feu-duty; and

(b) the last preceding section and sections eleven and forty-five of this Act shall have effect as if the interest sold were identical with the seller’s whole interest in the land immediately before the sale.

(2) In the last preceding section—

(a) references to the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition of an interest, or to the price at which an interest was sold to a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, shall be construed as excluding so much (if any) of that compensation or price as was attributable to disturbance, or to severance or injurious affection;

(b) references to the existing use value of an interest acquired by or sold to such a public authority are references to the amount of compensation (not being compensation calculated on the basis of equivalent

2 M

1090

Ch. 73

Part I

—cont.

Town and Country Planning

(i Scotland) Act, 1954

2 A3Eul2

reinstatement and excluding any compenatioa for disturbance or for severance or injurious affection which was or would have been payable in accordance with the provisions of the Acquisition of Land (Ask* ment of Compensation) Act. 1919. as modified b* sections forty-eight to fifty-one of the principal Act *

(3) Subject to the following provisions of this section, rdo-ences in the last preceding section to the restricted value of * interest in land, in relation to a sale of that interest, are references to the amount which, for the purposes of Part V of ifc principal Act, would have been taken to be the restricted nk of that interest on the appointed day if—

(a) the date of the sale had been appointed as the appoint day for the purposes of the said Part V and, so hr a required for the purposes of that Part, for the pmpan of the Third Schedule to the principal Act;

(£>) references to the seventh day of January, nioetet hundred and forty-seven, in subsection (5) of sectri fifty-eight of the principal Act (which requires vafo to be calculated by reference to prices current ms* diately before that day) were references to the dated the sale;

(c) in a case where the interest was sold subject to i

heritable security, subsection (5) of section fifty-niic of the principal Act (which requires an interest subject to a heritable security to be valued as if the securer had been discharged) did not apply;

() in a case where the land was requisitioned land at tfe

date of the sale and, by reason of a payment unde the War Damage Act, 1943, the value of the dais holding referred to in subsection (1) of the last preceding section was affected by a redetermination development value under paragraph 6 of the Fire Schedule to this Act, die state of the land had bee at the date of the sale what it would have been at tie beginning of the period of requisition if the war da* age had occurred immediately before the beginning of that period; and

(e) in a case where the value of the claim holding afore-

said was affected by reason of the fact that Rule (3 of the Rules set out in section two of the Acquisitioa of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, ra disregarded as mentioned in paragraph 10 of the Fiat Schedule to this Act, the reference in subsection (1) of section fifty-nine of the principal Act to the said Rule (3) were omitted:

Provided that where the Secretary of State issued in respect of that land or any part thereof a certificate under seetka

1954 Town and Country Planning Ch. 73

(Scotland) Act, 1954

seventy-seven of the principal Act (which relates to land ripe for development before the first day of July, nineteen hundred v and forty-eight) and at the date of the sale the development specified in the certificate had not been completed, then—

* (i) that certificate shall be deemed not to have been issued,

v but

(ii) die said references in the last preceding section shall be construed as references to the amount aforesaid :t increased by the amount of any development charge

* $: which, in the opinion of the Central Land Board, would

have been determined to be payable in respect of so < much of that development as had not been completed,

k: if it had been completed and if the certificate had not

v. been issued and the charge had fallen to be determined

i... at the date of the sale.

\ (4) Where, in determining the development value of the

interest in land to which the claim holding related, a deduction was made in accordance with subsection (6) of section fifty-eight - of the principal Act (which requires certain amounts prospec-£ tively payable, as compensation for severance or injurious affection, to be deducted in computing the unrestricted value; of an interest), or where, in the opinion of the Central Land it Board, or, where the Board’s determination is referred to the Lands Tribunal under section thirteen of this Act, of that > Tribunal, if the development value of the interest had fallen to be determined such a deduction would have been made, ... then, for the purposes of paragraph of subsection (1) and paragraph (b) of subsection (4) of the last preceding section,; the value of the claim holding shall be treated as increased by 7 the amount which would have been the amount of the deduction; under the said subsection (6) if the date of the sale had been appointed as the appointed day for the purposes of Part V of the principal Act

(5) Where, in determining the development value of the interest : in land to which the daim holding related, the restricted value of v the interest on the appointed day was taken to be a minus quantity, or where, in the opinion of the Central Land Board, or,

. where the Board’s determination is referred to the Lands; Tribunal under section thirteen of this Act, of that Tribunal, if the development value of the interest had fallen to be deter-‘ mined the restricted value of the interest on that day would have 1 been a minus quantity, then, for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) and paragraph (a) of subsection (4) of the last i preceding section, the value of the claim holding shall be treated as reduced by the amount of that minus quantity:

Provided that where the whole or part of any liability or 1 prospective liability which was or, as the case may be, would [ have been taken into account in calculating that restricted

2 M 2

1091

Part 1

—cont.

1092 Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Fjj? i

(Scotland) , 1954

Part I value had ceased to exist 'before the date of the compolsoiy —cont. acquisition or sale, the Board, or, as the case may be, the Lands Tribunal may, if they think it just and proper so to do, waive in whole or in part, as may appear to than appropriate, any reduction otherwise falling to be made under this subsection.

(6) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a compulsory acquisition or sale of an interest in land shall be taken to have occurred on the date of service of the notice to treat as the case may be, on the date of the making of the contract of sale, or, in the case of the exercise of an option, die date on which the option was granted.

Payment where land disposed

of by gift (CaseQ.

7.—(1) The holder of a claim holding shall, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, be entitled by virtue of this section to a payment in respect of that holding if, at a time when he was beneficially entitled both to the claim holding and to the interest in land to which the holding related, or another interest in which that interest had merged, he disposed of that interest by way of gift, being a gift by virtue of which he parted absolutely with the whole of his beneficial interest in that land.

(2) No payment shall be made by virtue of this section antes die gift was made on or after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two.

(3) The principal amount of a payment made by virtue of this section in respect of a claim holding shall be the value of the holding.

(4) In the application of this section to a case where the gift did not extend to die whole area of the claim holding, the last preceding subsection shall apply as if the reference to the value of the claim holding were a reference to that fraction of that value which attaches to the part of the area of the claim holding which was comprised in the gift

(5) Where, in determining the development value of the interest in land to which the claim holding related, the restricted value of the interest on the appointed day was taken to be a minus quantity, or where, in die opinion of the Central Land Board, or, where the Board’s determination is referred to the Lands Tribunal under section thirteen of this Act, of fiat Tribunal, if the development value of the interest had fallen to be determined the restricted value of the interest on that day would have been a minus quantity, then, for the purposes of this section, the value of the claim holding shall be treated as reduced by the amount of that minus quantity:

Provided that where the whole or part of any liability or prospective liability which was or, as the case may be, would have been taken into account in calculating that restricted value

954

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 73

1093

lad ceased to exist before the date on which the gift in question Part I vas made, the Board or, as the case may be, the Lands Tribunal nay, if they think it just and proper so to do, waive in whole >r in part, as may appear to them appropriate, any reduction )therwise falling to be made under this subsection.

(6) In the following provisions of this Act references to a payment under Case C are references to a payment by virtue of his section.

8. —<1) The holder of a claim holding shall, subject to the Payment

provisions of this Part of this Act, be entitled by virtue of this J*h"? claim lection to a payment dn respect of the holding if— purchased

(a) he became entitled to the holding under an assignation (Case D). to which this section applies, or derives title to it from a person who so became entitled to it, and (b) at no time since the date of that assignation has the same .person been entitled in the same capacity both to the claim holding and to the interest in land to which the holding related.

(2) This section applies to any assignation for valuable consideration effected before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, or effected in pursuance of a contract >f sale made before that day or in pursuance of the exercise before the commencement of this Act of an option granted on or after die first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, md before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two:

Provided that this section does not apply to assignations in security.

(3) The principal amount of a payment made by virtue of this section in respect of a claim holding shall be the value of the holding or the amount of the consideration for the assignation whichever is the less.

(4) For the purposes of the last preceding subsection, if the assignations under which the holder, and any of his predecessors in title, became entitled to the holding include two or more assignations to which this section applies, each of those assignations other than the latest of them shall be disregarded.

(5) References in this Act to a payment under Case D are references to a payment by virtue of this section.

9. —(1) The holder of a claim holding shall, subject to the Payment under provisions of this Part of this Act, be entitled by virtue of this C®8® A, B or C section to a payment in respect of the holding under Case A,

Case B or Case C, notwithstanding that apart from this section claim holding he would not be entitled to a payment thereunder, if he derives from original title to the claim holding from a person who would have been claim-holder.

1094

Part I

—cont.

Payments in cases analogous to Case B.

Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2 A 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

entitled to such a payment if that person had continued to be the holder thereof.

(2) A person shall not be entitled to a payment by virtue of this section if he became entitled to the claim holding under an assignation for valuable consideration, other than an assignation in security, or derives title to the holding from a person who so became entitled to it:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply if the assignation in question was made on or after the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, and has been approved by the Central Land Board under subsection (2) of section two of the Act of 1953.

10.—(1) The holder of a claim holding shall, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, be entitled by virtue of this section to a payment in respect of that holding if the interest in land to which the claim holding related, or another interest in which that interest had merged, was affected by an act or event such as is mentioned in the next following subsection, and the Central Land Board, or, where the Board’s determination is referred to the Lands Tribunal under section thirteen of this Act, that Tribunal, having regard to the circumstances in which the act or event occurred, are satisfied that he would have been entitled to a payment under Case B if the interest so affected (in this section referred to as " the relevant interest ") had been compulsorily acquired, or sold, in comparable circumstances.

(2) The said acts and events are—

(a) the grant of a lease of the land in which the relevant

interest subsisted, or of part of that land, by the owner of the relevant interest, or the renewal or continuance of a lease so granted;

(b) a conveyance of the land in which die relevant interest

subsisted, or of part of that land, by the owner of the relevant interest by way of contract of ground annual;

(c) the compulsory acquisition of land other than the land

in which the relevant interest subsisted, or the sale of such land to a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, resulting (in either case) in damage sustained in respect of the relevant interest by reason of the severance of the land acquired or sold from the land in which the interest subsided, or by reason that the relevant interest was injuriously affected, being damage in respect of which compensation fell, or if the sale had been a compulsory acquisition would have fallen, to be assessed in accordance with the provisions of Part IV of the principal Act (which provides for

954

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 73

1095

compensation on the basis of existing use value) as applied by subsection <4) of section one hundred and thirteen of that Act; and

(d) the occurrence of damage to the land in which the relevant interest subsisted, or of part of the land, where the land was requisitioned land and the damage occurred during the period of requisition, being damage in respect of which compensation fell to be assessed in accordance with section two of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, as modified by section ten of the Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1948 (which limits the compensation to an amount calculated on the basis of existing use value).

(3) In determining for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, whether the holder of the claim holding would have been entitled to a payment under Case B as mentioned in that subsection, the Central Land Board, or, as the case may be, the Lands Tribunal, shall have regard in particular to the time it which the act or event occurred, and to the times specified in subsection (3) of section five of this Act, and—

(a) in the case of a lease, to the capital value of the consideration for the grant, renewal or continuance thereof;

(b) in the case of a contract of ground annual, to the capital value of the consideration for the conveyance;

(c) in the case of a compulsory acquisition falling within

paragraph (c) of the last preceding subsection, or in a case falling within paragraph () of that subsection, to the compensation paid or payable in respect of the damage referred to in that paragraph;

() in the case of a sale falling within paragraph (c) of the

last preceding subsection, to die sale price in so far as it represented compensation in respect of the damage referred to in that paragraph,

and (in each such case) to the extent to which the consideration, compensation or price, as the case may be, failed adequately to reflect the development value of the interest in land to which the claim holding related, as measured by the value of the claim holding.

(4) In the case of the grant, renewal or continuance of a lease, a payment shall not be made by virtue of this section if die Central Land Board, or, as the case may be, die Lands Tribunal, are satisfied, having regard—

(a) to the duration of the term for which the lease was granted, renewed or continued, and

Part I —cont.

1096

Part 1

—cont.

Residual payments in cases analogous to Cases A and B.

Ch. 73 • Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eijt 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(b) to any restrictions on development subject to which the lease was granted, renewed or continued,

that the consideration could not reasonably be expected to have been greater if Part VI of the principal Act (which relates to development charges) had not been enacted.

(5) The principal amount of a payment made by virtue of this section shall be such amount as (the Board, or, as the case my be, the Lands Tribunal, may determine to be appropriate, having regard to the matters specified in subsection (3) of this section and to the provisions of subsection (4) of section five of Hus Act

11.—(1) A person (in this section referred to as "the applicant ") shall, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, be entitled by virtue of this section to a payment in respect of a claim holding of which he is not the holder if—

(a) he is entitled to an interest in land which constitutes

the area of the claim holding, or part of that area, or which includes that area or part of that area, and has incurred a development charge in respect of that hod. or

(b) the interest in land to which the claim holding related, or another interest in which that interest had merged, was (as respects the whole or part of the area of the claim holding) compulsorily acquired from him by, or sold by him to, a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers,

and the Central Land Board, or, where the Board's determina-tion is referred to the Lands Tribunal under section thirteen of this Act, that Tribunal, are satisfied, having regard to the circumstances in which the development charge was incurred, or the interest was acquired or sold, as the case may be, that he would have been entitled to a payment under Oise A or Oise B if he had been the holder of the claim holding at all material times.

(2) Except in a case hilling within subsection (4) of this section, a payment shall not be made by virtue of this section unless it is shown—

(a) in a case falling within paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection, that the interest in land to which die applicant is entitled was purchased by him, or by a person from whom he derived title to the interest, from the person who at the time of the purchase was the holder of the claim holding, or that that interest is the interest of the lessee under a lease granted by the person who at the time of the grant was the holder of the claim holding, or

1954

Ch. 73

1097

Town and Country

(Scotland) , 1954

(b) in a case falling within paragraph ib) of the preceding subsection, that the interest compulsorily acquired from or sold by the applicant had been purchased by him, or by a person from whom he derived title to the interest, from the person who, at the time of the purchase, was the holder of the claim holding,

and (in either case) the Central Land Board, or, as the case may be, the Lands Tribunal, are satisfied that the consideration for the purchase by, or, as the case may be, die grant of the lease to, the applicant or his predecessor in tide did not wholly exclude the development value of the interest in land to which the claim holding related, as measured by the value of the claim holding.

(3) For the purposes of the last preceding subsection, a purchase shall be disregarded if it was a purchase by a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers.

(4) The case referred to in the exception mentioned in subsection (2) of this section is a case where a .person who died on or after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and before the twenty-sixth day of February, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, was immediately before his death the holder of the claim holding and entitled to the interest in land to which the claim holding related, and by his will disposed of that interest and of the claim holding in such a way that the applicant—

(a) is entitled to that interest, or wall (subject to the powers of trustees under the will) be entitled to require that interest to be conveyed to him, but

(b) is not entitled to the claim holding or to any interest

in that holding or in the proceeds of sale thereof.

(5) Subject to the next following subsection, the principal amount of a payment made by virtue of this section shall be such amount as the Central Land Board, or, as the case may be, the Lands Tribunal, may determine to be appropriate, having regard to the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to payments under Cases A and B.

(6) Where apart from this subsection a payment would be payable in respect of a claim holding by virtue of this section, and one or more payments in respect of that holding are payable under any of Cases A to D, or under the last preceding section, or the Central Land Board, or, as the case may be, the Lands Tribunal, are satisfied that one or more such payments would be or would have been so payable if applied for, then for the purposes of this section the Board shall subtract from the value of the claim holding the amount or aggregate amount of the payment or payments which are so payable, or which in the opinion of the Board, or, as the case may be, the Lands

2 M*

Part I

—con/.

le

1098

Ch. 73

Part I

—cont.

Payments not to exceed value of claim holdings.

Applications for payments under Part I.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Blit, 2

(Scotland) , 1954

Tribunal, would be or would have been so payable, as the case may be, and shall treat that value as reduced, or the daim holding as extinguished, accordingly.

12. —(1) Where two or more payments are (subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act) payable in respect of the same claim holding by virtue of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, other than the last preceding section, the authority determining the amount of any such payment shall apportion that amount between the different parts of the area of the claim holding in such manner as appears to that authority proper, and if the aggregate of the portions of the principal amounts of the respective payments so apportioned to any part of the area of the claim holding would, apart from die provisions of this subsection, exceed the fraction of the value of the claim holding attaching to that part of the area thereof, those portions shall be reduced rateably so that the aggregate of them is equal to the said fraction, and the said principal amounts shall be treated as reduced accordingly.

(2) Where two or more payments are (subject as aforesaid) payable in respect of the same claim holding by virtue of the last preceding section, the aggregate of the principal amounts of those payments shall not exceed the value of the claim holding or, where that value is treated as reduced in accordance with subsection (6) of the last preceding section, that value as so reduced.

13. —(1) A payment under this Part of this Act shall not be payable unless an application for the payment is made to the Central Land Board in such manner, within such period (not being less than three months from the commencement of this Act), and accompanied by such particulars and verified by such evidence, as may be prescribed by regulations under this section, or as may be required by the Board in accordance with such regulations:

Provided that the Board may in any particular case (either before, on or after the date on which the time for applying would otherwise have expired) allow an extended, or further extended, period for making an application for such a payment

(2) Provision shall be made by regulations under this section—

(a) for requiring applications for payments under this Part

of this Act to be determined by the Central Land Board in such manner as may be prescribed;

(b) for regulating the practice and procedure to be followed

in connection with the determination of such applications;

1954

Ch. 73

1099

Town and Country Planting

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(c) for requiring ithe Board, on determining any such appli- parT i

cation, to give notice of their determination to the —cont.

applicant, and, if their determination includes an apportionment, to give particulars of the apportionment to any other person entitled to an interest in land which it appears to the Board will be substantially affected by the apportionment.

(3) Subject to the next following subsection, provision shall be made by regulations under this section—

(a) for enabling the applicant, if he wishes to dispute the Board’s determination, or any other person to whom particulars of an apportionment have been given in accordance with the last preceding subsection, or who establishes that he is entitled to an interest in land which is substantially affected by any apportionment included in the Board’s determination, if he wishes to dispute the apportionment, to refer the dispute to the Lands Tribunal;

(b) for enabling the applicant, and, so far as the reference relates to an apportionment, every other such person as aforesaid, to be heard by the Tribunal on any reference under this subsection; and

(c) for requiring the Tribunal, on any such reference, either to confirm or to vary the Board’s determination or, as the case may be, the apportionment included therein, and to notify the parties of their decision.

(4) Where on a reference to the Lands Tribunal under this section it is shown that an apportionment relates wholly or partly to the same matters as a previous apportionment and is consistent with that previous apportionment in so far as it relates to those matters, the Tribunal shall not vary the apportionment in such a way as to be inconsistent with the previous apportionment in so far as it relates to those matters.

14.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where a payments to person is entitled to a payment in accordance with the preceding be made by provisions of this Part of this Act, the Central Land Board shall Central Land pay to that person the principal amount of the payment together Board* with interest thereon at the rate of three and one-half per cent, per annum from the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, to the date of payment:

Provided that, if the payment is made after the thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, the interest shall be calculated to that day instead of the date of payment

(2) Where apart from this subsection a person would be entitled to a payment in accordance with the preceding sections

2 M* 2

1100 Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Buz. 2

(Sco) Act, 1954

Part I of this Part of this Act, the Central Land Board may ttx of —com. against the principal amount of that payment—

(a) any sum which, at the time when apart from this afc

section that payment would be due to be made, i owing to the Board by that person in respect of i development charge; and

(b) any sum which is then due to become payable by fa person in the future in respect of a devdopmca charge,

or, where the aggregate of any such sums is greater than fa principal amount of the payment, a part thereof equal to fa principal amount; and the principal amount of the payme* to be made to that person shall for the purposes of the preced^ subsection be treated as reduced accordingly, or, if the am or parts of sums set off are equal to the principal mom of the payment which would have been payable apart from fa subsection, the right of that person to receive any payment unde the preceding subsection shall be extinguished:

Provided that for the purposes of paragraph (a) or (6) of fa subsection so much of any such sum therein mentioned as b attributable to interest shall be disregarded.

(3) Where the Board are satisfied that (apart from the to preceding subsection) a person would have been entitled to i payment, in accordance with the preceding sections of fa Part of this Act, if he had applied for that payment within fa period prescribed under the last preceding section, then, if fa person has failed to apply for the payment within that period, or within any extended period allowed under the last precedis* section, the Board may determine the principal amount of fa payment to which he would have been so entitled, and the to preceding subsection shall apply as if he had become so entitled to the payment and the principal amount thereof had been fa principal amount determined under this subsection.

Effect of 15.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where h

paymentsi on accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act a pay-claim holdings. ment becomes payable in respect of a claim holding, then, for the purposes of the following Parts of this Act—

(a) if the principal amount of the payment is not less than

the value of the claim holding, the holding shall be deemed to have been extinguished immediately before the commencement of this Act;

(b) if the principal amount of the payment is less than die

value of the claim holding, the value of the holding shall be deemed to have been reduced, immediately before the commencement of this Act, by the principal amount of the payment:

1954

Town and Country Planning

(i Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 73

1101

Provided that if in the case of any claim holding a payment part l becomes payable under Case D, then, regardless of the amount —cont. of that payment, that holding shall for the purposes of the following Parts of this Act be deemed to have been extinguished immediately before the commencement of this Act.

(2) The preceding subsection shall apply where two or more payments under this Part of this Act are payable in respect of the same claim holding, with the substitution, for references to the principal amount of the payment, of references to the aggregate of the principal amounts of the payments.

(3) Where one or more acts or events have occurred whereby in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act one or more payments become payable in respect of a claim holding (in this section referred to as " the parent holding ") and any such act or event did not extend to die whole of the area of the parent holding, then, both for the purposes of the preceding provisions of this section and for the purposes of the following Parts of this Act—

(a) the parent holding shall be treated as having been divided immediately before die commencement of this Act into as many separate claim holdings, with such areas, as may be necessary to ensure that, in the case of each holding, either any such act or event as aforesaid extending to the area of that holding extended to the whole thereof, or no such act or event extended to the area of that holding;

(b) the value of each of the separate holdings respectively

shall be taken to be that fraction of the value of the parent holding which then attached to the part of the area of the parent holding constituting the area of the separate holding;

(c) the authority determining the amount of any such payment shall apportion that amount between the areas of the separate claim holdings to which the act or event in question extended in such manner as may appear to that authority proper, and the portion of that amount apportioned to the area of any separate claim holding shall be taken to be a payment payable under this Part of this Act in respect of that claim holding.

(4) For the purposes of this section—

(a) a payment shall be treated as having become payable

notwithstanding that the right to receive the payment has been extinguished by subsection (2) of the last preceding section;

(b) any reduction of the principal amount of a payment by

virtue of that subsection shall be disregarded;

1102

Part I

—corn.

Scope of Part II.

Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(c) where in accordance with subsection (3) of the last preceding section the Central Land Board have determined the principal amount of a payment, as being a payment to which a person would have been entitled as mentioned in that subsection, that payment shall be treated as if it had become payable and as if the principal amount thereof had been the principal amount so determined.

Part II

Compensation for Refusal, or Conditional Grant, of Planning Permission.

16.—(1) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect for enabling compensation to be claimed in respect of planning decisions made after the commencement of tins Act. whereby planning permission for the carrying out of new development of land to which this section applies is refused, or is granted subject to conditions.

(2) This section applies to any land in respect of which planning permission is refused, or is granted subject to conditions, by a planning decision, if, at die time of the planning decision, that land, or part of that land, has an unexpended balance of established development value.

(3) Where, on an application for planning permission for the carrying out of new development of land to which this section apples, a planning decision is made after the commencement of this Act whereby that permission is granted (whether unconditionally or not), and the Secretary of State certifies that be is satisfied that particular buildings or works to which the application related were only included therein because the applicant had reason to believe that permission for the other development to which the application related would not have been granted except subject to a condition requiring the erection or construction of those buildings or works, then, for the purposes of this Part of this Act—

(a) the application shall be deemed to have included, in place of those buildings or works, such other development of the land on which the buildings or works were to be erected or constructed as might reasonably have been expected to have been included having regard to the other development to which the application related; and

(b) the permission shall be deemed to have been granted for the other development to which the application related subject to the condition aforesaid.

1954

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 73

1103

(4) In this Act the expression " planning decision " means a decision made on an application for planning permission under Part II of the principal Act (which relates amongst other things to permission to develop land), and includes any decision deemed to have been so made by virtue of section seventy-four of the principal Act (which relates to development authorised under interim development orders before the commencement of that Act) or of section seventy-five of that Act (which relates to unfinished buildings), or by virtue of any of paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 of the Tenth Schedule to that Act (which relate to certain applications made under die Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1932), or by virtue of any regulations made under paragraph 13 of the said Schedule (which relates to certain applications under the Restriction of Ribbon Development Act, 1935); and, where as a consequence of any such decision a purchase notice has been served on the local planning authority under section seventeen of the principal Act, includes a planning permission granted, or a planning permission as varied, by the Secretary of State under that section on his consideration of that notice.

(5) In this Act the expression " new development " means any development other than development of a class specified in the Third Schedule to the principal Act (which relates to development included in the existing use of land).

17, —(1) For the purposes of this Act land shall be taken to have an unexpended balance of established development value immediately after the commencement of this Act if there are then subsisting one or more claim holdings whose area consists of that land, or includes that land together with other land, and there is not then subsisting any claim holding whose area consists of part only of that land, whether with or without other land.

(2) Where subsection (1) of this section applies, there shall be attributed to the land referred to in that subsection—

(a) the value of any claim holding having an area consisting of that land; and (b) such fraction of the value of any claim holding whose area includes that land as attaches to that land;

and the unexpended balance of established development value of that land immediately after the commencement of this Act (hereafter in this Act referred to in relation to that land as its " original unexpended balance of established development value ") shall be taken to have been an amount equal to eight-sevenths of the amount or aggregate amount so attributed.

18. —(1) Where in accordance with the last preceding section land has an original unexpended balance of established development value, then, subject to the next following subsection, the

Part II —cont.

Unexpended balance of established development value.

Reduction or extinguishment of balance.

1104 Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 2

(Scotland) , 1954

Part n land shall be taken to have that balance at any time after the

—com. commencement of this Act except in so far as that balance is

by virtue of any provision of this Act to be treated as having been reduced or extinguished immediately before that time.

(2) Where any land taken as a whole has an original unexpended balance of established development value, but, at any time after the commencement of this Act, an act is done or an event occurs in relation to any area consisting of, or including, part only of that land in consequence of which, by virtue of any provision of this Act, an amount would fall to be deducted from the original unexpended balance of that part of that land for the purpose of determining the unexpended balance thereof at any subsequent time, then, without prejudice to the operation of the preceding subsection with respect to any part of the land taken separately, the land taken as a whole shall be treated as not having any such balance at that subsequent tune.

(3) Where compensation under this Part of this Act becomes payable in respect of the depreciation of the value of an interest in land by a planning decision, then, for the purpose of determining whether that land or any part thereof has an unexpended balance of established development value at any subsequent time, the amount of the compensation shall be deducted from the original unexpended balance of established development value of that land and the original balance of that land or that part thereof shall be treated as having been reduced or extinguished accordingly immediately before that subsequent time.

(4) Where any new development of land is initiated after the commencement of this Act, or was initiated before the commencement of this Act but on or after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, being land which has an original unexpended balance of established development value, then, for the purpose of determining whether that land or any part thereof has an unexpended balance of established development value at any subsequent time—

(a) if the development related only to that land, the value

of that development (ascertained, with reference to that subsequent time, in accordance with the provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act), or

(b) if the development related to that land together with

other land, so much of the value of that development (so ascertained) as was attributable to that land,

shall be deducted from the original unexpended balance of established development value of that land and the original balance of that land or that part thereof shall be treated as having been reduced or extinguished accordingly immediately before that subsequent time:

1954

Town and Country PlaCh. 73 1105

CScotland) Act, 1954

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any land in Part n respect of any interest in which a payment under section fifty-six —com. of the principal Act has become or becomes payable; and for the purposes of this subsection development initiated before the commencement of this Act shall be disregarded if a development charge was determined to be payable in respect thereof, or would have fallen to be so determined but for any exemption conferred by regulations under Part VI of the principal Act, or by any provisions of Part VII of that Act

(5) Where an act or event has occurred in relation to any land in consequence of which any of the provisions of this Act requires an amount to be deducted from the original unexpended balance of established development value of that land or any part thereof, there shall be attributed to the various parts of that land so much of that amount as might reasonably be expected to have been attributed thereto if the authority determining the amount had been required to apportion it between those parts in accordance with the same principles as applied to its determination; and where two or more such acts or events have occurred in relation to the same land, those provisions shall apply cumulatively, and the requisite deduction from the original unexpended balance of established development value of that land shall be made by reference to each of those acts or events.

19,—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a person shall Right to be entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of a planning decision such as is mentioned in subsection (1) planning of section sixteen of this Act if at the time of that decision he decisions, is entitled to an interest in any land to which the decision relates which has an unexpended balance of established development value, and the value of that interest, or, in the case of an interest extending to other land, the value of that interest in so for as it subsists in that land, is depreciated by the decision.

(2) Where an interest in land has (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) been compulsorily acquired by, or sold to, a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, not being statutory undertakers or the National Coal Board, that authority, and any person deriving title from that authority under a conveyance made by that authority on, or at any time after, the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, shall not be entitled to compensation under this Part of tlus Act in respect of a planning decision made after the service of the notice to treat, or after the making of the contract of sale, as the case may be, by reason that the value of that interest, or of any interest created (whether directly or indirectly) out of that interest, is depreciated by that decision.

(3) The last preceding subsection shall apply to land which has at any time on or after the first day of July, nineteen hundred

1106 Ch. 73 Town an Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Part II and forty-eight (whether before or after the commencement of —icom. this Act), been appropriated by a local authority for a purpose for which the authority could have been authorised to acquire the land compulsorily, as it applies to land in which an interest has been acquired as mentioned in that subsection, with the substitution, for the reference to the service of the notice to treat of a reference to the appropriation.

(4) Where any land is at the date of commencement of this Act, or at any date thereafter becomes, operational land of any statutory undertakers or land of the National Goal Board of a class specified in regulations made under section eighty-ax of the principal Act, the statutory undertakers or, as the case may be, the National Goal Board, and any person deriving tide from those undertakers or that Board, shall not be entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of a planning decision made after the relevant date aforesaid by reason that the value of any interest in that land is depreciated by that decision.

(5) A person shall not be entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of depreciation of the value of an interest in land by a planning decision, if he is entitled to compensation under subsection (3) of section twenty of the principal Act (which relates to planning decisions following upon the withdrawal of permission granted by a development order) in respect of depreciation of the value of that interest by that decision.

(6) A creditor in a heritable security shall not be entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of his interest as creditor:

Provided that this subsection shall be without prejudice to the operation of any regulations made under section sixty-six of this Act.

CoQ^poraation 20.—(1) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not

respect of* b® payable in respect of the refusal of planning permission for

certain matters, any development which consists of or includes the making of any material change in the use of any buildings or other land, or in respect of any decision made on an application in pursuance of regulations under section twenty-nine of the principal Act for consent to the display of advertisements.

(2) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not be payable in respect of the imposition, on the granting of planning permission, of any condition relating to—

(a) the number or disposition of buildings on any land;

(b) the dimensions, design, structure or external appearance of any building, or the materials to be used in its construction;

1954

Ch. 73

1107

0

Town and Country Planftty

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(c) the manner in which any land is to be laid out for the purposes of the development, including the provision of facilities for the parking, loading, unloading or fuelling of vehicles on the land;

() the use of any buildings or other land; or

(e) the location or design of any means of access to a highway, or the materials to be used in the construction thereof,

or in respect of any condition subject to which planning permission is granted for the winning and working of minerals.

<3> Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not be payable in respect of the refusal of planning permission, if the reason or one of the reasons stated for the refusal is that development of the kind proposed would be premature by reference to either or both of the following matters, that is to say—

(a) the stages indicated, in the development plan for the

area in which the land is situated, as the stages by which development is to be carried out;

(b) any existing deficiency in the provision of water sup-

plies or sewerage services, and the period within which any such deficiency may reasonably be expected to be made good:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply if the planning decision refusing the permission is made on an application made more than seven years after the date of a previous planning decision whereby planning permission in respect of the same land was refused for the same reason, or for reasons which included the same reason.

(4) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not be payable in respect of the refusal of planning permission in respect of any land, if the reason or one of the reasons stated for the refusal is that the land is unsuitable for the proposed development on account of its liability to flooding or to subsidence.

(5) In subsection (3) of this section, the reference to the development plan for the area in which the land is situated is a reference to the development plan for that area as approved by the Secretary of State, or, if the plan so approved has been amended by the Secretary of State, to that plan as so amended.

(6) For the purposes of this section a planning decision, whereby planning permission in respect of any land is granted subject to a condition prohibiting development of a specified part of that land, shall be treated as a decision refusing the permission as respects that part of the land.

(7) In this section the expression " means of access to a highway " does not include a service road.

Part II

—cont.

1108

Ch. 73

Part n

—amt.

Compensation excluded if certain other development permitted.

General provisions as to claims for compensation.

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1954

2 & 3 Buz. 2

21. —(1) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not be payable in respect of a planning decision whereby planning permission is refused for the development of land, if, notwithstanding that refusal, there is available with respect to that land planning permission for development to which this section applies:

Provided that where such permission is available with respect to part only of the land, this section shall have effect only in so far as the interest subsists in that part

(2) Where a claim for compensation under this Part of tlm Act is made in respect of an interest in any land, planning permission for development to which this section applies shall be taken for the purposes of this section to be available with respect to that land or a part thereof if, immediately before the Secretary of State gives notice of his determination in respect of that claim, there is in force with respect to that land or part a grant of, or an undertaking by the Secretary of State to grant, planning permission for some such development, subject to no conditions other than such as are mentioned in subsection (2) of the last preceding section.

(3) This section applies to any development of a residential, commercial or industrial character, being development which consists wholly or mainly of the construction of houses, flats, shop or office premises, or industrial buildings (including warehouses), or any combination thereof.

22. —(1) Compensation under this Part of this Act shall not be payable unless a claim for it is duly made to the Secretary of State in accordance with the provisions of this section.

(2) A claim for compensation under this Part of this Act shall not have effect unless it is made before the end of the period of six months beginning with the date of the planning decision to which it relates:

Provided that the Secretary of State may in any particular case (either before, on or after the date on which the time for claiming would otherwise have expired) allow an extended, or further extended, period for making such a claim.

(3) Regulations made under this section may—

(a) require claims for compensation under this Part of tint

Act to be made in such manner as may be prescribed;

(b) require a claimant to provide such evidence in support

of the claim, and such information as to the interest of the claimant in the land to which die chum relates, and as to the interests of other persons therein which are known to the claimant, as may be so prescribed;

(c) require the local planning authority to furnish the Secre-

tary of State with such information (if any) as may be specified in, or in accordance with, the regulations.

1954 Town and Country Planning Ch. 73

(Scotland) Act, 1954

being information appearing to the Secretary of State to be relevant to the exercise of his powers under the next following section.

(4) If it appears to the Secretary of State that the development to which the planning decision related was not new development, or that at the time of the planning decision no part of the land to which the claim relates had an unexpended balance of established development value, or that compensation is excluded by section twenty or twenty-one of this Act, the Secretary of State shall notify the claimant accordingly, stating on which of those grounds it appears to him that compensation is not payable.

(5) Where a claim under this section is received by the Secretary of State and is not withdrawn, the Secretary of State shall give notice of the claim to every other person (if any) appearing to him to have an interest in the land to which die planning decision related.

23.—(1) The provisions of this and the next following section Review of shall have effect where, in accordance with the last preceding section, one or more claims for compensation in respect of a oSSSeMaSo0 planning decision has been received by the Secretary of State, claimed and the claim, or (if there is more than one) one or more of the claims, has not been withdrawn.

(2) If, in the case of a planning decision of the local planning authodty, it appears to the Secretary of State that, if the application for planning permission in respect of the land in question had been referred to him for determination, he would have made a decision more favourable to the applicant, the Secretary of State may give a direction substituting that decision for the decision of the local planning authority.

(3) If, in any case, it appears to the Secretary of State that permission could properly be granted (either unconditionally or subject to certain conditions) for some development of the land in question, other than the development to which the application for permission related, the Secretary of State may give a direction that the provisions of the principal Act, and of this Act, shall have effect in relation to that application and to the planning decision—

(a) as if the application had included an application for

permission for that other development, and the decision had included the grant of permission (unconditionally or subject to the said conditions, as the case may be) for that development, or

(b) as if the decision had been a decision of the Secretary

of State and had included an undertaking to grant permission (unconditionally or subject to the said conditions, as the case may be) for that development, as may be specified in the direction.

1109

Part II

—cont.

1110

Ch. 73

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 E 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Part II (4) The reference in subsection (2) of this section to a decision

—com. more favourable to the applicant shall be construed—

(a) in relation to a refusal of planning permission, as a

reference to a decision granting the permission, either unconditionally or subject to conditions, and either as respects the whole or as respects part of the land to which the application for permission related, and

(b) in relation to a grant of planning permission subject to

conditions, as a reference to a decision granting the permission applied for unconditionally or subject to less stringent conditions.

(5) In giving any direction under this section, the Secretary of State shall have regard—

(a) to the provisions of the development plan for the area

in which the land in question is situated, or

(b) where a development plan has not by that time become operative with respect to that area, to any direction which he may have given to the local planning authority as to the provisions to be included in such a plan and to any other provisions which in his opinion will be required to be so included for securing the proper planning of that area,

so far as those provisions are material to the development of that land, and shall also have regard to the local circumstances affecting the proposed development, including the use which prevails generally in the case of contiguous or adjacent land, and to any other material considerations.

Supplementary 24.—(1) Before giving a direction under the last preceding

section, the Secretary of State shall give notice in writing of his planning proposed direction to the local planning authority to whose dect-

derisions. sion that direction relates and to any person who made, and

has not since withdrawn, a claim in respect of that decision, and, if so required by that authority or by any such person, shall afford to each of them an opportunity to appear before, and be heard by, a person appointed by the Secretary of State for the purpose.

i(2) Where the Secretary of State gives a direction under the last preceding section, he shall give notice of the direction to the local planning authority to whose decision the direction relates, and to every other person (if any), who made, and has not since withdrawn, a claim in respect of that decision; and, where a notice under this subsection is given to a person who made such a claim, that pereon, if he does not withdraw the claim, may, at any time within thirty days after the service on him of the notice under this subsection, give notice to the Secretary of State modifying the claim.

1954 Town and Country Planning Ch. 73

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(3) Subject to any modification by virtue of a notice given by a claimant under the last preceding subsection, where the Secretory of State gives a direction under the last preceding section in respect of a decision of a local planning authority, any claim made in respect of that decision shall have effect as if it had been made in respect of the decision which by virtue of the direction is substituted for the decision of the authority, or, as die case may be, as if it had been made in respect of the decision of the authority as modified by the direction.

25.—(1) Subject to the next following subsection, where a General person is entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act provisions as in respect of the depreciation by a planning decision of the value ^Smsation of an interest in land to which the planning decision relates which at the time of that decision has an unexpended balance of established development value (in this section referred to as " qualified land "), the amount of the compensation shall be whichever is the less of the following amounts, that is to say—

(a) the amount by which the value of the interest, or, in the case of an interest extending to other land, the amount by which the value of the interest in so far as it subsists in qualified land, is depreciated by the decision; or

(b) the amount of the unexpended balance of established development value immediately before the decision of the qualified land in which the interest subsists:

Provided that if compensation is payable under this Part of this Act in respect of two or more interests in the same qualified land by reason of the same planning decision and the aggregate amount of compensation payable apart from this proviso in respect of those interests exceeds die amount mentioned in paragraph (b) of this subsection, the amount so mentioned shall be allocated 'between those interests in proportion to the depreciation of the value of each of them respectively, and the amount of the compensation payable in respect of any of those interests shall be the sum so allocated to that interest.

(2) Where the land to which the planning decision relates, taken as a whole, does not satisfy the following conditions, that is to say—

(a) that the land is qualified land; and

(b) that every interest subsisting therein the value of which is depreciated by the decision subsists in the whole thereof,

then, for the purposes of assessing the compensation payable under this Part of this Act in respect of any interest subsisting in that land or any part thereof—

(i) the depreciation of the value of the interest by the planning decision shall first be ascertained with reference

ini

Part II —cont.

1112

Ch. 73

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) , 1954

2 & 3 2

to the whole of the land to which the planning decision relates and in which that interest subsists;

(ii) the land to which the planning decision relates and in which that interest subsists Stall then be treated as divided into as many parts as may be requisite to ensure that each such part consists of land which either satisfies the conditions aforesaid or is not qualified land; and

(iii) the depreciation of the value of the interest ascertained as aforesaid shall then be apportioned between the said parts according to the nature of those parts and the effect of the planning decision in relation to each of them,

and the amount of the compensation shall be the aggregate of the amounts which would be (payable by virtue of the preceding subsection if the planning decision had been made separately with respect to each such part.

WtoMure off 26.—<1) Any question whether, or to what extent, the value of

an interest in land, or of an interest in so far as it subsists in particular land, is depreciated by a planning decision shall for the purposes of this Part of this Act, be determined in accordance with the provisions of this section; and in those provisions references to the relevant decision are references to the planning decision in relation to which the question arises.

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, the value in question shall be taken to be depreciated if, and to the extent to which, that value, calculated—

(a) as at the time of the relevant decision, but

(b) as affected by that decision, by any grant of planning j

permission made after that decision and in force in-mediately before the Secretary of State gives notice of his determination of the claim for compensation in respect of that decision, and by any undertaking to grant planning permission so in force, and

(c) on the assumption that, after the relevant decision and

apart from any such permission or undertaking as aforesaid, planning permission would be granted for development of any class specified in the Third Schedule to the principal Act but not for any other development,

falls short of what that value, calculated as aforesaid, would have been if the relevant decision had been a decision to the contrary effect.

(3) If compensation under this Part or Part V of this Act, or compensation for depreciation within the meaning of subsection (3) of section forty of this Act, has become, or becomes,

Part n

—cont.

1954

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 73

1113

payable in respect of another planning decision or in respect of part 11

an order to winch the said section forty applies, being a planning —com.

decision or order made before the relevant decision in respect of, or of land which includes, the whole or part of the land to which the relevant decision relates, the calculation called for by the last preceding subsection shall be made on the assumption that that other planning decision was a decision to the contrary effect or, as the case may be, that that order was not made.

(4) In this section the expression " a decision to the contrary effect

(a) in relation to a decision refusing planning permission,

means a decision granting the permission subject to such conditions (if any) of a description falling within subsection (2) of section twenty of this Act as the authority making the decision might reasonably have been expected to impose if the permission had not been refused;

(b) in relation to a decision granting planning permission

subject to conditions, means a decision granting the permission applied for subject only to such of those conditions (if any) as fell within subsection (2) of the said section twenty.

27.—(1) Provision shall be made by regulations under this Determination section— of claims for

(a) for requiring claims for compensation under this Part

of this Act to be determined by the Secretary of State in such manner as may be prescribed by the regulations;

(b) for regulating the practice and procedure to be followed

in connection with the determination of such claims;

(c) for requiring the Secretary of State, on determining any

such claim, to give notice of his determination to the claimant and to every other person (if any) who has made, and not withdrawn, a claim for compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of the same planning decision, and, if his determination includes an apportionment, to give particulars of the apportionment to any other .person entitled to an interest in land which it appears to the Secretary of State is substantially affected by the apportionment

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, provision shall be made by regulations under this section—

(a) for enabling the claimant or any other person to whom notice of the Secretary of State's determination has been given in accordance with the preceding subsection, if he wishes to dispute the determination, and

1114

Part II —com.

Apportionment of compensation.

Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Euz.;

(Scotland) , 1954

any other person to whom particulars of an appofo men t included in that determination have been so gnu or who establishes that he is entitled to an intena i land which is substantially affected by such an app* tionment, if he wishes to dispute the apportionment refer the dispute to the Lands Tribunal;

(b) for enabling the claimant, and every other person as is respectively specified in the preceding pangn^ to be heard by the Tribunal on any reference nub this subsection; and

(c) for requiring the Tribunal, on any such reference, efa

to confirm or to vary the Secretary of State’s detenu* tion, or, as the case may be, the apportioning> and to notify the parties of their decision.

(3) Where on a reference to the Lands Tribunal under tfc section it is shown that an apportionment relates wholly orpanjr to the same matters as a previous apportionment, and is coat tent with that previous apportionment in so far as it relates a those matters, the Tribunal shall not vary the apportionments such a way as to be inconsistent with the previous apportions in so far as it relates to those matters.

(4) Where compensation is determined (whether by the Seem tary of State or by the Lands Tribunal on a reference to them under this section to be payable, the Secretary of State sin] pay the compensation to the person entitled thereto in aoooordam with the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act

28,—(1) Where, on a claim for compensation under this Par. of this Act in respect of a planning decision, the Secretary of State determines that compensation is payable and that tb amount of the compensation exceeds twenty pounds, the Sen tary of State shall (if it appears to him to be practicable to do sc* apportion the amount of the compensation between differ* parts of the land to which the claim for compensation rdm and shall include particulars of the apportionment in the nods of his determination under the last preceding section.

(2) In carrying out an apportionment under the prcadingsd> section the Secretary of State shall divide the land into part, and shall distribute the compensation between those pats according to the way in which different parts of the land appear to him to be differently affected by the planning decision.

(3) On a reference to the Lands Tribunal under the last preceding section, unless the decision of the Tribunal will nor affect the amount of the compensation or any apportionment thereof by the Secretary of State, the preceding provisions of this section shall apply with the substitution, for references to the Secretary of State, of references to the Lands Trital

1954

Town and Country Planning

(i Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 73

1115

29. —(1) Where, on a claim for compensation under part II

this Part of this Act in respect of a planning decision, —cont.

compensation has become payable of an amount exceeding Recording of twenty pounds, the Secretary of State shall cause notice of that notices relating fact, specifying the planning decision and the land to which the ^mpenaation. claim for compensation relates, and the amount of the compensation and any apportionment thereof under the last preceding

section and referring to the provisions of the next following section, to be recorded in the appropriate Register of Sasines, and shall send a copy of the notice to the local planning authority.

(2) In relation to compensation specified in a notice recorded under this section, references in this Part of this Act to so much of the compensation as is attributable to a part of the land to which the notice relates shall be construed in accordance with the following provisions, that is to say—

(a) if the notice does not include an apportionment under

the preceding provisions of this section, the amount of the compensation shall be treated as distributed rateably according to area over the land to which the notice relates;

(b) if the notice includes such an apportionment, the com-

pensation shall be treated as distributed in accordance with that apportionment as between the different parts of the land by reference to which the apportionment is made; and so much of the compensation as, in accordance with the apportionment, is attributed to a part of the land shall be treated as distributed rateably according to area over that part of the land.

30. —(1) No person shall initiate any new development to Recovery of which this section applies of land in respect of which a notice comp2f?tiont tin this section referred to as a " compensation notice ") is SevSopSS! recorded under the last preceding section, until such amount (if

any) as is recoverable under this section in respect of the compensation specified in the notice has been paid or secured to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State.

(2) This section applies to any new development—

(a) to which section twenty-one of this Act applies; or

(b) which consists in the winning and working of minerals;

or

(c) to which, having regard to the probable value of the

development, it is in the opinion of the Secretary of State reasonable that this section should apply:

Provided that—

(i) this section shall not apply to any development by virtue of paragraph (c) of this subsection if, on an application made to him for the purpose, the Secretary of State

1116

Ch. 73

Town and Country Planhing 2 & 3 . 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Part II has certified that, having regard to the probable value

—amt. of the development, it is not in his opinion reasonable

that this section should apply thereto; and (ii) in a case where the compensation specified in the notice became payable in respect of the imposition of conditions on the granting of permission to develop land, tins section shall not apply to the development for which that permission was granted.

(3) Subject to the three next following subsections, the amount recoverable under this section in respect of the compensation specified in a compensation notice—

(a) if the land on which the development is to be carried

out (in this subsection referred to as " the development area ") is identical with, or includes (with other land) the whole of, the land comprised in the compensation notice, shall be the amount of compensation specified in that notice;

(b) if the development area forms part of the land com-

prised in the compensation notice, or includes part of that land together with other land not comprised in that notice, shall be so much of the amount of compensation specified in that notice as is attributable to land comprised in that notice and falling within the development area.

(4) Where, in the case of any land in respect of which a compensation notice has been recorded, the Secretary of State is satisfied that, having regard to the probable value of any proper development of that land, no such development is likely to be carried out unless he exercises his powers under this subsection, he may, in the case of any particular development for which planning permission has been granted, remit the whole or part of any amount otherwise recoverable under this section.

(5) Where, in connection with the development of any land, an amount becomes recoverable under this section in respect of the compensation specified in a compensation notice, then, except where, and to the extent that, payment of that amount has been remitted under the last preceding subsection, no amount shall be recoverable under this section in respect of that compensation, in so far as it is attributable to that land, in connection with any subsequent development thereof.

(6) No amount shall be recoverable under this section in respect of any compensation by reference to which a sum has become recoverable by the Secretary of State under subsection

(6) of section fifty-four of this Act or under that subsection as applied by regulations made under subsection (8) of that section.

Ch. 73

1117

1954 Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(7) An amount recoverable under this section in respect of any compensation shall be payable to the Secretary of State, and—

(a) shall be so payable either as a single capital payment or as a series of instalments of capital and interest combined, or as a series of other annual or periodical payments, of such amounts, and payable at such times, as the Secretary of State may direct, after taking into account any representations made by the person by whom the development is to be carried out, and

(b) to the extent that it is not directed to be paid as a single

capital payment which is then discharged, shall be secured by that person to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State (whether by heritable or other security, personal bond or otherwise).

(8) If any person initiates any new development to which this section applies in contravention of subsection (1) of this section, the Secretary of State may serve a notice upon him, specifying the amount appearing to the Secretary of State to be the amount recoverable under this section in respect of the compensation in question, and requiring him to pay that amount to the Secretary of State within such period, not being less than three months after the service of the notice, as may be specified in the notice.

(9) Where, after a compensation notice in respect of any land has been recorded, any amount recoverable under this section in respect of the compensation specified in the notice, or any part of such amount, has been paid to the Secretary of State, or circumstances arise under which by virtue of any provision of this Act no amount is so recoverable in respect of the land specified in the notice or any part of that land, the Secretary of State shall cause to be recorded in the appropriate Register of Sasines a notice of that fact, specifying die land to which such fact relates, and, in the case of any notice of the fact that part only of any such amount has been so paid, stating whether the balance has been secured to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State or has been remitted by him under subsection <4) of this section, and shall send a copy thereof to the local planning authority.

(10) Where an amount becomes recoverable under this section in respect of the compensation specified in a compensation notice, then for the purpose of determining any question as to the unexpended balance of established development value of any land at any subsequent time, except where, and to the extent that, payment of that amount has been remitted under subsection

(4) of this section, so much (if any) of that compensation as is attributable to that land shall be treated as not having become payable and accordingly (notwithstanding anything contained in subsection (3) of section eighteen of this Act) shall not be deducted from that balance.

Part II —coni.

1118

Ch. 73

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Em:

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Part 111

Compensation for Compulsory Acquisition of Land

Application of 31.—(1) This Part of this Act applies to every compulscr, Part HI. acquisition of an interest in land, in pursuance of a nodoe i treat served after the commencement of this Act, by a gcmn-ment department or a local or public authority within die mat ing of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensate Act, 1919, or by a .person or body of persons to whom the at Act of 1919 applies as it applies to such a department« authority.

(2) In this Part of this Act, in relation to a compulsory acquisition, the following expressions have the meanings henb assigned to them respectively, that is to say:—

" the relevant interest " means the interest acquired;

" the relevant land " means the land in which the releva interest subsists;

" the notice to treat " means the notice to treat in pen ance of which the relevant interest is acquired;

" excepted interest " means any interest in the rdevc land—

(a) which could not be the subject of a compokon acquisition, or

(b) which is the interest of any such person as i mentioned in section one hundred and fourteen the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Ao, 1845 (which relates to persons having no greater interest than as a tenant for a year or from yeans year).

Compensation

to include

unexpended

balance of

established

development

value.

32.—(1) Where, in the case of a compulsory acquisition t which this Part of this Act applies, compensation on the baa of existing use is payable in respect of the acquisition of & relevant interest, and any of the relevant land has an tma pended balance of established development value at the time immediately before the service of the notice to treat, then, subjee to section thirty-four of this Act, there shall be added to the coo pensation payable in respect of the acquisition of the relevant interest apart from the provisions of this section—

(a) where the relevant interest is the only interest (other than excepted interests) subsisting at that time in an} of the relevant land which has such a balance—

(i) if the restricted value of the relevant intense a minus quantity, an amount equal to so much, if any, of that balance at that time as remains after die deduction therefrom of an amount equal to the minus quantity; or

954

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 73

1119

(ii) in any other case, an amount equal to that Part III balance at that time; —com.

or

(b) where the relevant interest is one of two or more interests (other than excepted interests) so subsisting, an amount equal to so much of that 'balance at that time as is ascertained in accordance with the provisions of the Fifth Schedule to this Act to be attributable to the relevant interest:

Provided that, in a case where the relevant interest is the nterest of the lessee under a lease, no payment shall be made by drtue of this section if the person entitled to the relevant interest is, at the time immediately before the service of the notice o treat, prohibited' by the terms of his lease from carrying out iny new development of the relevant land.

(2) Regulations made under this section shall provide for re-luiring persons entitled to interests in the relevant land, other Iran the relevant interest and any excepted interest, to be noti-ied, in cases where it is proposed-, by virtue of this section, to pay :ompensation in excess of compensation on the basis of existing lse, and for enabling such persons, in case of dispute as to the application of this section, to refer the dispute to the Lands rribunal.

(3) References in this section to the restricted value of an nterest in land, in relation to an acquisition of that interest, are references to the amount which, for the purposes of Part V of the principal Act, would have been taken to be the restricted zalue of that interest on the appointed day if—

(a) the date of the service of the notice to treat had been

appointed as the appointed day for the purposes of the said Part V;

(b) references to the seventh day of January, nineteen hun-

dred and forty-seven, in subsection (5) of section fifty-eight of the principal Act <which requires values to be calculated by reference to prices current immediately before that day) were references to the date of the acquisition; and

(c) references in the said section fifty-eight to the Third

Schedule to the principal Act were references to that Schedule as amended by this Act.

33.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect as Additional respects a compulsory acquisition to which this Part of this Act compensation applies, where compensation on the basis of existing use is payable in respect of the acquisition of the relevant interest and, on or after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, but before the date of service of the notice to treat, buildings or works have been erected or constructed in accordance with planning permission, either on the relevant land, or

-by L

1120

Ch. 73

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Buz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Part m on other land, or partly in the one way and partly in die other,

—com. at die expense of a person who, at a time when the buildings or

works were erected or constructed, was entitled to an interest in the relevant land or some part thereof:

Provided that this section shall not apply—

(a) if the operation of subsection (4) of section forty-eight

of the principal Act (which provides, with certain exceptions, for disregarding planning permission granted before the date of the notice to treat) is excluded in respect of that permission by virtue of the exception contained in paragraph (a) of that subsection or by virtue of any provision of this Act; or

(b) if the compensation on the basis of existing use payable

in respect of the acquisition would be the same whether or not the said subsection (4) operated; and where, if the notice to treat had extended to a part only of the relevant land, the amount of the compensation on the basis of existing use payable in respect of the relevant interest in so far as it subsisted in that part would have been the same whether or not the said subsection (4) operated, this section shall have effect as respects the acquisition of the relevant interest as if the notice to treat had extended only to the remainder of the relevant land.

(2) If the value of the relevant interest immediately before the service of the notice to treat, with the benefit of any planning | permission having effect at that time, is greater than it would have been at that time with the benefit of such permission if the buildings or works had not been erected or constructed, there shall be added to the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition of the relevant interest apart from the provisions of this section a sum equal to the amount of the difference.

(3) Where the last preceding subsection applies, then, in calculating the compensation on the basis of existing use which is payable in respect of the acquisition, it shall be ascertained whether that compensation is less than it would have been, or greater than it would have been, if the buildings or works had not been erected or constructed, and, if so,—

(a) the amount of the deficiency, or of the excess, as the

case may be, shall be computed, and

(b) the sum referred to in die last preceding subsection shall be increased by the amount of the deficiency, or reduced by the amount of the excess, as the case may be.

Protection for 34.—(1) It shall be the duty of a local planning authority,

purchaser on application made to them in writing by any person with

haemnanti Aspect to particular land in their district, to serve on the

y applicant a notice stating whether or not the authority propose to compulsorily, acquire within the next five years (whether compulsorily or

1954

Ch. 73

1121

Town and Country Planf??bg

(Scotland) Act, 1954

otherwise) any interest in that land or in any part thereof, or have been notified by any public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers of a proposal of that authority so to acquire any such interest, specifying in the notice—

(a) any such public authority by whom the local planning

authority have been so notified; and

(b) any part of that land to which any such proposal of the

local planning authority or other authority does not extend.

(2) If—

(a) a local planning authority have, in accordance with the preceding subsection, given notice to a person that they do not propose, and have not been notified of any proposal of another authority, to acquire within the next five years any interest in any land specified in the notice (in this subsection referred to as " the specified land "), being the whole or part of the land to which the application related; and

(b) the person to whom the notice was given has within three months of the service of the notice made a bona fide contract for the purchase of an interest in the specified land or any part thereof and given notice of the making of the contract to the local planning authority; and

(c) that interest, or that interest in so far as it subsists in

any part of that land, is subsequently acquired compulsorily, and the first notice required to be published or served in connection with that acquisition, either by or under any Act or by any Standing Order of either House of Parliament relating to petitions for private bills, is duly published or served before the end of the period of three years beginning with the date of service of the notice referred to in paragraph (a) of this subsection,

then, for the purpose of assessing the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition of that interest, subsection (4) of section forty-eight of the principal Act shall not apply to any planning permission in force at the date of service of the notice referred to in paragraph (a) of this subsection:

Provided that—

(i) tins subsection shall not have effect unless at the date of the publication or service of the first notice in connection with the acquisition such as is referred to in paragraph (c) of this subsection, the contract mentioned in paragraph (b) thereof remains in force or has been implemented;

2 N

Part III

—com.

1122

Part ill

—cont.

Compensation to take account of planning permission in certain other cases.

Additional payments in cases where nc claim for development value has been established.

Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. I

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(ii) this subsection shall not have effect in relation to ape-chase by a company from an associated company wi the meaning of section forty-nine of this Act

(3) Without prejudice to the duty imposed by subsection < of this section on a local planning authority to whom an appfc* tion under that subsection has been made, the local plana® authority may require the applicant to pay to them a fet i five shillings.

(4) Section thirty-two of this Act shall not apply for fe purpose of assessing any compensation to the assessment i which subsection (2) of this section applies:

Provided that if the compensation payable in respect of fe acquisition of the relevant interest would, apart from tii proviso, be less than it would have been if this section had r been enacted, the said subsection (2) shall not apply in the or of that acquisition.

35. —(1) For the purposes of a compulsory acquisition to whd this Part of this Act applies, subsection (4) of section forty-c^Jr of the principal Act shall not apply to any planning penmssic. granted—

(a) for any development of land of a class specified in tk

Sixth Schedule to this Act, or

(b) for any development specified in a certificate isaed under section seventy-seven of the principal Act (wtei relates to land ripe for development before the fia day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight),

or to any planning permission deemed to be granted by virtue & section seventy-five of the principal Act (which relates to a* finished buildings).

(2) Paragraph (b) of subsection (4) of the said section forty-eight (which provides certain exceptions from that subsedioc by reference to exemptions from development charges), and jd much of subsection (1) of section three of the Act of 1953 1 relates to the exceptions comprised in that paragraph, shall do: apply for the purposes of any compulsory acquisition to which this Part of this Act applies.

36. —(1) If, in the case of a compulsory acquisition to whid this. Part of this Act applies, the appropriate authority is satisfied that the relevant land or some part thereof does not constitae or form part of the claim area of any established claim, that a claim or claims in respect of one or more interests is that land, or, as the case may be, in that part thereof, would have been established if made, there shall be issued by or os behalf of the Treasury a certificate specifying—

(a) whether or not, in the opinion of the person signing the certificate, section thirty-two of this Act would haw

>54

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 73

1123

applied to the compulsory acquisition if the claim or Part in chums aforesaid had been established; and —com.

(b) if so, what in that person’s opinion, after giving the person entitled to the relevant interest an opportunity to present his case, would have been the amount of the additional compensation calculated by reference to the unexpended balance of established development value of that land or that part thereof which would have been payable under that section in respect of the acquisition of the relevant interest

(2) Where an amount has been specified as aforesaid, that mount shall be added to the compensation payable in respect f the acquistion of the relevant interest apart from the provisions f this section:

Provided that if, after taking into account all the circumstances, tie appropriate authority is of opinion that it is not just and easonable that the whole of that amount should be so added or, s the case may be, that any amount should be so added, the aid authority may direct that such lesser amount as he may pecify shall be so added or, as the case may be, that no addition o the compensation aforesaid shall be made.

(3) In this section, the expression " the appropriate authority " neans—

(a) where the compulsory acquisition of the relevant interest by the acquiring authority requires authorisation by a single other authority, that other authority; or (h) where the acquiring authority is a government department and the compulsory acquisition does not require the authorisation of any other authority, the acquiring authority; or

(c) in any other case, the Treasury or such other authority

as die Treasury may in any case or class of cases direct.

37. In connection with a compulsory acquisition to which Compensation his Part of this Act applies—

(a) any compensation in respect of an interest in land for affection and damage sustained by reason that the relevant land is disturbance, severed from other land held therewith, or that any other land (whether held with the relevant land or not) is injuriously affected, shall be assessed in accordance with the provisions of the Seventh Schedule to this Act;

(b) any compensation for disturbance shall not 'be assessed at a greater amount than that at which it would have fallen to be assessed if Part IV of the ,principal Act, and the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, had not been enacted.

2 n 2

1124

Ch. 73

Part III

—cont.

Effect of

Part III on

unexpended

balance of

established

development

value.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

38.—(1) Where, in the case of—

(a) a compulsory acquisition to which Part III of this Act

applies, or

(b) a sale of an interest in land by agreement in pursuance of a contract made after the commencement of this Act to a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, being such a department, authority, person or body of persons as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section thirty-one of this Act,

any of the land in which the interest acquired or sold subsisted had an unexpended balance of established development value immediately before the relevant date (in this subsection referred to as "the relevant balance"), then, in determining whether that land or any part thereof has an unexpended balance of established development value at any subsequent time—

(i) for the purposes of section thirty-two of this Act and,

unless immediately after the acquisition or sale there is outstanding some interest (other than an excepted interest) in that land to which some person other than the acquiring authority is entitled, for all other purposes of this Act, the original unexpended balance of established development value of that land shall be treated as having been extinguished immediately before that subsequent time;

(ii) if, immediately after the acquisition or sale, there is outstanding any such interest as aforesaid, then for the purposes of any other Part of this Act there shall be deducted from the said original balance an amount equal to any part of the relevant balance which is not. or which in die appropriate circumstances would not have been, attributable for the purposes of the said section thirty-two to any such outstanding interest, and the original balance of that land or that part thereof shall be treated as having been reduced or extinguished accordingly immediately before that subsequent time:

Provided that in the event of a subsequent compulsory acquisition of any such outstanding interest, being a compulsory acquisition to which this Part of this Act applies, the said section thirty-two shall have effect for the purposes of assessing the compensation payable as if this subsection had not been enacted.

(2) Paragraphs 6 and 7 of the Seventh Schedule to this Act shall have effect in the circumstances therein mentioned as respects the original unexpended balance of established development value of land to which those paragraphs apply.

(3) In this section the expression " in the appropriate circumstances " means if the compulsory acquisition or the sale had

1954

Ch. 73

1125

Town and Country

(Scotland) Act, 1954

been a compulsory acquisition in respect of which the said Part m section thirty-two operated, and the expression ‘‘the relevant —com. date " means the date of the service of the notice to treat, or, as the case may be, the date of the making of the contract

39. —(1) In the case of any compulsory acquisition to which Assessment of any of the following provisions of the Housing (Scotland) Act, ^n^Stion 1950, that is to say—

(a) subsection (2) of section twelve;

(b) subsection (4) of section seventeen; and

(c) subsection (2) of section thirty-six.

in certain cases.

(which relate respectively to the compensation to be paid on the compulsory acquisition of closed houses, of houses subject to notices relating to the execution of works, and of houses unfit for human habitation) applies, whether by virtue of the said Act of 1950 or by virtue of any other enactment, being a compulsory acquisition to which this Part of this Act applies, the compensation payable in respect of the land or house acquired may be less than, but shall not exceed, the value, at the time when the valuation is made, of the site as a cleared site available for development in accordance with the requirements of the building regulations for the time being in force in the district; and accordingly the said provisions shall have effect, in relation to a compulsory acquisition to which this Part of this Act applies, as if the references therein to the compensation to be paid were references to the maximum compensation payable.

(2) In this section references to compensation are references to compensation payable in respect of the acquisition otherwise than by virtue of section thirty-two of this Act and exclusive of any compensation for disturbance or for severance or for injurious affection.

Part IV

Compensation for Revocation or Modification of Planning Permission.

40.—(1) This section applies to any order made after the com- Amendment mencement of this Act under section nineteen of the principal of s. 20 of Act (which empowers local planning authorities to make orders principal Act* revoking or modifying planning permission previously granted).

(2) In relation to orders to which this section applies—

(a) subsection (1) of section twenty of the principal Act (which confers a right to compensation in respect of orders revoking or modifying planning permission) shall have effect as if die proviso to that subsection (which, with certain exceptions, precludes compensation in respect of the depreciation in value of an interest in the land) were omitted, and

1126 Ch. 73 Town an Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

Part IV (6) paragraph 1 of the Fourth Schedule to the principal Act

—coni. shall have effect subject to a proviso that the value of

any interest, as calculated for the purpose of assessing compensation payable under section twenty of that Act, may be a minus quantity.

(3) In this Act references to compensation to which this Part of this Act applies are references to compensation payable under subsection (1) of section twenty of the principal Act in consequence of an order to which this section applies, and in this Part of this Act the expression "compensation for depreciation* means so much of any compensation to which this Part of das Act applies as is payable in respect of loss or damage consisting of the depreciation in value of an interest in land.

(4) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall have effect in relation to the provisions of subsection (1) of the said section (twenty as applied by subsection <3) of that section (which relates to planning decisions following upon the withdrawal of permission granted by a development order), as they have effect in relation to the said subsection (1) apart from the said subsection (3):

Provided that, for the purposes of the application of the provisions of this Part of this Act in accordance with the preceding provisions of this subsection, references to an order under section nineteen of the principal Act shall be construed as references to the planning decision whereby the permission in question is refused, or is granted subject to such conditions as are mentioned in the said subsection (3).

Recording of notices as to, and

apportionment

compensation

for

depredation.

41.—(1) Where compensation to which this Part of this Act applies becomes payable, and includes compensation for depreciation of an amount exceeding twenty pounds the local planning authority shall (if it appears to them to be practicable to do so) apportion the amount of the compensation for depreciation between different parts of the land to which the claim for that compensation relates and give particulars of any such apportionment to the claimant and to every other person (if any) entitled to an interest in land which appears to the authority to be substantially affected by the apportionment

(2) In carrying out an apportionment under the preceding subsection the local planning authority shall divide the land into parts, and shall distribute the compensation for depreciation between those parts, according to the way in which different parts of the land appear to the authority to be differently affected by the order in consequence of which the compensation is payable.

(3) Subsection (2) of section twenty-seven of this Act, and any regulations made by virtue thereof, shall have effect with respect to any such apportionment, subject to any necessary modifications, as they have effect with respect to an apportionment under subsection (1) of section twenty-eight of this Act;

1954 Town and Country Pktnf^g Ch. 73

(Scotland) Act,

and, on a reference to the Lands Tribunal by virtue of this subsection, subsections (1) and (2) of this section, so far as they relate to the making of an apportionment, shall apply with the substitution for references to the local planning authority of references to the Lands Tribunal

(4) Where compensation to which this Part of this Act applies becomes payable and includes compensation for depreciation exceeding twenty pounds, the local planning authority shall cause notice of that fact in the prescribed form, specifying the land to which die compensation relates and the amount of the compensation for depreciation and any apportionment thereof under this section, to be recorded in the appropriate Register of Sasines, and shall send a copy of the notice to the Secretary of State, and subsection (2) of section twenty-nine of this Act shall have effect with respect to such compensation for depreciation as it has effect with respect to the compensation mentioned in that subsection, subject, however, to any necessary modifications, and in particular with the substitution for the reference to Part II of this Act of a reference to section thirty of this Act as applied by section forty-three of this Act.

42.—<1) Where a copy of notice under the last preceding section is given to the Secretary of State and the circumstances are such that, if die planning permission revoked or modified by the order giving rise to the compensation had been refused, or, as the case may be, had been granted as so modified, at die time when it was granted, compensation under Part II or Part V of this Act could have been claimed, and would have been payable by the Secretary of State, the Secretary of State may, subject to the provisions of this section, pay to the local planning authority a contribution of the amount appearing to him to be the amount of compensation which would have been payable by him as aforesaid under the said Part II or Part V:

Provided that the amount of any such contribution shall not exceed—

(a) the amount of the compensation for depreciation paid

by the local planning authority; or

(b) the unexpended balance of established development

value at the date of the making of the order of the land in respect of which that compensation was paid.

(2) Regulations made under this section shall provide, as respects cases where the Secretary of State proposes to pay a contribution under this section—

(a) for requiring the Secretary of State to give notice of his proposal to persons entitled to such interests as may be prescribed in the land to which the proposal relates, and to such other persons (if any) as may be determined in accordance with the regulations to be affected by the proposal;

1127

Part IV

— con.

Exchequer

contribution

towards

compensation

in certain

cases.

1128

Ch. 73

Part IV

—cont.

Recovery, on

subsequent

development,

of

compensation under s. 20 of principal Act

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 ELiz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

(6) for enabling persons to whom notice of the propoal is given to object to the proposal, on the grounds dot compensation would not have been payable as mentioned in the preceding subsection, or that the amount of the compensation so payable would have been lea than the amount of the proposed contribution;

(c> for enabling any person making such an objection to refer the matter in dispute to the Lands Tribunal; and id) where a contribution under this section is paid, for applying, with any necessary modifications, the provisions of Part II of this Act as to the reduction or extinguishment of the unexpended balance of established development value of land as if the contribution had been a payment of compensation undo the said Part II.

43.—(1) Subsections (1) to (9) of section thirty of this Act shall have effect with the necessary modifications in relation to the compensation for depreciation specified in a notice recorded under section forty-one of this Act, and to development of land to which the compensation for depreciation relates, as they have effect in relation to the compensation specified in a notice recorded under section twenty-nine of this Act and to development of land to which that compensation relates:

Provided that, in a case where the compensation to which this Part of this Act applies specified in such a notice became payable in respect of an order modifying planning permission, die said section thirty shall not apply to development in accordance with that permission as modified by the order.

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, any sum recovered by the Secretary of State under the said section thirty as applied by the preceding subsection shall be paid to the local planning authority who paid the compensation for depreciation to which that sum relates.

(3) In paying any such sum to the local planning authority, the Secretary of State shall deduct therefrom—

(a) the amount of any contribution paid by him under the

last preceding section in respect of the compensation to which the sum relates;

(b) the amount of any grant paid by him under Part VIII of

the principal Act in respect of that compensation:

Provided that, if the sum recovered by the Secretary of State is an instalment of the total sum recoverable, or is recovered by reference to development of pant of the land in respect of which the compensation was payable, any deduction to be made under paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of this subsection shall be a deduction of such amount as the Secretary of State may determine to be the proper proportion of the amount referred to in that paragraph.

1954 Town and Country Plating Ch. 73 1129

(i Scotland) 1954

Part V

Compensation for Past Planning Decisions and Past Orders Revoking or Modifying Planning Permission

44. —(1) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall have Scop© of

effect for enabling compensation to be claimed in respect of— v*

(a) planning decisions made before the commencement of this Act, whereby permission for the carrying out of new development of land to which this section applies was refused, or was granted subject to conditions;

(b) orders made before the commencement of this Act

under section nineteen of the principal Act, whereby permission for (the carrying out of new development of land to which this section applies was revoked or modified.

(2) This section applies to any land to which the planning decision or order related which satisfies the following conditions, that is to say—

(a) that at the time of the planning decision or order in question the land constituted the area, or part of the area, of a claim holding, and

(h) that the cfetfem holding referred to in the preceding paragraph, or, where by virtue of any provision of this Act two or more separate claim holdings have been constituted thereout, one or more of those separate holdings whose area consisted of or included that land, was still subsisting at the commencement of fins Act;

and in this Part of this Act, in relation to a claim for compensation in respect of any such claim holding so subsisting as aforesaid, any such land is referred to as " qualified land " and the claim holding is referred to as " the relevant holding "

(3) Subsection (3) of section sixteen of this Act shall have effect for the purposes of this Part of this Act as it has effect for the purposes of Part II of this Act, with the substitution for the reference to a planning decision made after the commencement of this Act of a reference to a planning decision made before the commencement of this Act.

45. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Right to holder of the relevant holding shall be entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of such a planning decision

or order as is mentioned in the last preceding section if— ^ionsTor

(a) he is entitled to an interest in any qualified land, or ^&aof

(b) having been entitled to an interest in any qualified land planning

at the date of the decision or order, he sold that interest permission.

2 N*

1130

Ch. 73

Part V

—cont.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(otherwise than to a public authority possessing com- | pulsory purchase powers) in pursuance of a contract made after that date and during the period beginning with the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, and ending immediately before the commencement of this Act,

and the value of that interest or of another interest which has merged therein or, in the case of an interest extending to other land, the value of that or of that other interest in so far as it subsisted in that qualified land, was depreciated by the decision or order:

Provided that compensation shall not be payable under this Part of this Act in respect of an order under section nineteen j of the principal Act so far as it relates to any particular land | if— j

(/) compensation in respect of that order is or was payable j by the local planning authority under section twenty i of that Act; and j

(it)by virtue of paragraph of the proviso to subsection j (1) of the said section twenty (which relates to develop- ! ment exempt from development charge by virtue of Part VII of that Act) the compensation includes or; included compensation in respect of loss or damage consisting of the depreciation in value of an interest in that land.

(2) A person who has become entitled to the relevant holding by virtue of the exercise of any power conferred by an assignation in security shall be entitled to such compensation as ! aforesaid, notwithstanding that he does not satisfy the conditions | set out in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the preceding subsection, if j the assignor would have been entitled to such compensation if j he had continued to be the holder of the relevant holding. I

(3) For the purposes of this Part of this Act any question whether, or to what extent, the value of an interest in land, or of an interest in so far as it subsisted in qualified land, was depreciated by a planning decision shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of section twenty-six of this Act:

Provided that those provisions shall apply for the purposes of this Part of this Act—

ia) as if the reference in subsection (1) of the said section twenty-six to Part II of this Act were a reference to this Part of this Act; and

(b) as if Part VI of the principal Act had not been enacted;

and in the application of subsection (2) of the said section twenty-six in a case to which paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this

1954

Ch. 73

1131

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1954

section applies, no account shall be taken of any grant of, or undertaking to grant, planning permission made or given after the making of the contract of sale.

(4) For the purposes of the application of this Part of this Act with respect to such a planning decision as aforesaid, subsections (2), (3), <4) and (6) of section nineteen of this Act, subsections <1), (2), (6) and (7) of section twenty, and section twenty-one, of this Act, shall have effect as they have effect for the purposes of Part II of this Act:

Provided that, in a case to which paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section applies, for the reference in the said section twenty-one to the Secretary of State’s giving notice of his determination in respect of the claim for compensation there shall be substituted a reference to the making of the contract of sale.

(5) In determining for the purposes of a claim for compensation under this Part of this Act whether, or to what extent, the value of an interest in land was depreciated by such an order as aforesaid—

(a) regard shall be had to any compensation which has

become payable to the person entitled to that interest in respect of that order under section twenty of the principal Act otherwise than by virtue of the proviso to subsection (1) of that section;

(b) any grant of, or undertaking to grant, planning permission made or given during the period between the making of the order and the time when the Secretary of State gives notice of his determination in respect of that claim, being a grant or undertaking which is in force at the end of that period, shall be taken into account as if it had been in force at the beginning of that period;

(c) Part VI of the principal Act shall be deemed not to

have applied after the date when the order was made :

Provided that, in a case to which paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section applies, no account shall be taken of any grant or undertaking made or given after the making of the contract of sale.

(6) Where the interest to which the holder of the relevant holding is entitled or, as the case may be, which he sold, is or was subject to a lease granted after the planning decision or order and on or after the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect as if that lease had not been granted.

2 N* 2

Part V —con/.

1132

Ch. 73

Part V —cont. General provisions as to amount of compensation for past planning decisions, revocations, Ac.

Claims for compensation under Part V, and review of past decisions and orders.

Town and Country Planning 2 A 3 Euz.;

(Scotland) Act, 1954

46.—(1) Subject to the next following subsection, what i person is entitled to compensation under this Part of tha Act in respect of the depreciation of the value of an inlaw i qualified land by a planning decision or order, the prindpti amount of the compensation shall be whichever is the less of & following amounts, that is to say—

(a) the amount by which the value of the interest, or, z

the case of an interest extending to other land, fe amount by which the value /of the interest is % far as it subsisted in the qualified land, was deprecatt by the decision or order; or

(b) the value of the relevant holding at the commenccoec of this Act or, if the qualified land in which the inters subsisted constituted part only of the area of tk relevant holding, the fraction of the said value wfaj attached to that qualified land:

Provided that where the same person is entitled to ad compensation as aforesaid in respect of more than one rdevu holding, or in respect of more than one interest, or in respec both of more than one relevant holding and of more than ot interest, the aggregate principal amount payable to that pernr by way of such compensation in respect of all interests in respec of which he is so entitled in so far as they subsisted in the sue land shall not exceed whichever is the less of the foUoviq amounts, that is to say—

(i) the aggregate of the amounts by which the value i

each respectively of those interests in so far as i subsisted in that land was depreciated by the dedue or order; or

(ii) the aggregate of the fractions of the respective vate

of all relevant holdings of which that person is ik holder which attached to that land.

(2) If the whole of the land to which the planning dedsioooor order related and in which the interest subsisted is not quaffed land, then, for the purposes of paragraph (a) of the prccedni subsection, the depreciation of the value of the interest by reuoa of the decision or order shall first be ascertained with refenoce to the whole of the land aforesaid and shall then be apportioned between the parts of that land which respectively are and are not qualified land according to the nature of those parts and the effect of the planning decision or order in relation thereto.

47. —(1) The provisions of sections twenty-two and twenty-seven of this Act shall, with the necessary modifications, apply for the purposes of this Part of this Act:

Provided that subsection (2) of the said section twenty-two shall so apply with die substitution, for the reference to die due

1133

54 Town and Country Planning Ch. 73

(Scotland) Act, 1954

tihe planning decision, of a reference to 1he commencement of Part V is Act —cant.

(2) The following provisions of this section shall have effect here one or more claims for compensation under this Part of is Act have been received by the Secretary of State and the aim, or (if there is more than one) one or more of the claims, is not been withdrawn.

(3) If the claim is in respect of a refusal of permission or of a rant of permission subject to conditions, and it appears to the scretary of State that, if an application for the like planning emission were made, and were referred to him for determina-on, he would make a decision more favourable to the applicant, le Secretary of State may give a direction substituting that ecision for the planning decision to which the claim relates.

In this subsection, the reference to a decision more favourable > the applicant shall be construed—

(a) in relation to a refusal of permission, as a reference to

a decision granting the. permission, either unconditionally or subject to conditions, and either as respects the whole or as respects part of the land to which the application for permission related; and

(b) in relation to a grant of permission subject to conditions, as a reference to a decision granting the permission applied for unconditionally or subject to less stringent conditions.

(4) If the claim is in respect of a refusal of planning permission, or an order revoking planning permission, and it appears to he Secretary of State that permission could properly be granted or some development of the land in question, other than the ievelopment to which the application for permission related, the Secretary of State may give a direction that the provisions of the principal Act, and of this Act, shall have effect in relation to that kpplication, and to the planning decision or order to which the ;laim relates, as if that decision or order had been a decision of the Secretary of State which included an undertaking to grant planning permission for that development.

(5) The provisions of section twenty-four of this Act shall, with the necessary modifications, apply for the purposes of this section.

48.—(1) Where compensation is payable in accordance with Payment of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, the Secretary comp«»ation of State shall pay to the person entitled thereto the principal Part v* amount of the compensation payable, together with interest there- supplementary on at the rate of three and one-half per cent, per annum from provisions the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, to the relating date of payment: thereto.

1134

Ch. 73

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) 1954

Part V Provided that if the payment is made after the thirtieth day —com. of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, the interest shall be calculated to that day instead of the date of payment.

(2) Where compensation under this Part of this Act is payable ! in respect of a planning decision or order by reference to a claim j holding, then, for the purposes of the application of this Part of I this Act to any subsequent planning decision or order, and for j the purposes of Parts II and III of this Act—

(a) if the principal amount of the compensation is equal to the value of the claim holding at the commencement of this Act (ascertained apart from this section), the holding shall be deemed to have been extinguished immediately before the commencement of this Act;

(b) if the principal amount of the compensation is less than the value of the claim holding at the commencement of this Act (ascertained apart from this section), the value of the holding shall be deemed to have been reduced, immediately before the commencement of this Act, by the principal amount of the compensation:

Provided that if at any time an amount becomes recoverable under section thirty of this Act, as applied by the subsequent provisions of this section, in respect of that compensation, then, for the purposes of Parts II and III of this Act, paragraphs (4 and (b) of this subsection shall have effect as from that time as if the principal amount of that compensation had been reduced by a sum equal to seven-eighths of the amount which has so become recoverable.

(3) Where, in the case of any claim holding (in this subsection referred to as "the parent holding"), compensation under this Part of this Act is payable in respect of the depredation of an interest in land by one or more planning dedsions or orders, and any such decision or order did not extend to the whole of the area of the parent holding, then, both for the purposes of the last preceding subsection and for the purposes of Parts II and III of this Act—

(a) the parent holding shall be treated as having been

divided immediately before the commencement of tins | Act into as many separate claim holdings, with such | areas, as may be necessary to ensure that in the case of each holding either any such decision or order extending to the area of that holding extended to the whole thereof or that no such decision or order extended to j the area of that holding; i

(b) the value of each of the separate holdings respectively;

shall be taken to be that fraction of the value of the j parent holding which then attached to the part of the , area of the parent holding constituting the area of the separate holding;

1954 Town and Country Plartfttog Ch. 73

(Scotland) , 1954

(c) the authority determining the amount of any such compensation shall apportion that amount between the areas of the separate claim holdings to which die decision or order in question extended in such manner as appears to that authority proper, and the portion of that amount apportioned to the area of any separate claim holding shall be taken to be compensation payable under this Part of this Act in respect of that claim holding.

(4) The provisions of sections twenty-eight, twenty-nine and thirty of this Act, except subsection (10) of the said section thirty, shall have effect with the necessary modifications in relation to compensation under this Part of this Act (whether by way of principal or by way of interest), and to development of land to which such compensation relates, as they have effect in relation to compensation under Part II of this Act and to development of land to which that compensation relates, and shall so apply as if references in the said section twenty-eight and twenty-nine to a planning decision included references to an order under section nineteen of the principal Act:

Provided that, in a case where the compensation under this Part of this Act specified in a notice recorded under the said section twenty-nine as applied by this subsection became payable in respect of an order modifying planning permission, die said section thirty shall not apply to development in accordance with that permission as modified by the order.

Part VI

Miscellaneous and Supplementary Provisions

49. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in Part I of this Act, no person shall be entitled to a payment under sections five, seven, eight, ten or eleven of this Act by virtue of a transaction between companies which at the time of the transaction were associated companies.

(2) Where a company is the holder of a claim holding, then, for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not that company is entitled to a payment in respect of the holding under Part I or Part V of this Act, any act or event which occurred in relation to another company which at the time of that act or event was, or after that time but before the twenty-sixth day of February, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, became, associated with the company which holds the claim holding shall be treated as having occurred in relation to the company which holds the claim holding, and an interest in land held by any other company for the time being associated with the company which holds the claim holding shall be treated as being held by the company which holds the claim holding.

1135

Part V

—cont.

Associated

companies.

1136

Part VI

—corn.

Provision of information as to unexpended balance, &c.

Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

(3) For the purposes of this section, a company shall be treated as associated with another company if, and only jf, within the meaning of section one hundred and fifty-four of & Companies Act, 1948, one of those companies is a subadhn of the other, or both those companies are subsidiaries of tie same holding company.

50.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Cental Land Board shall, upon application therefor being made to that at any time by any person, and may at any time, if they thiri fit, without any application being made therefor, issue a certs, cate in the prescribed form with respect to any land stats* whether or not any of that land has an original unexpended balance of established development value and, if it has neb a balance—

(a) giving a general statement of what was taken by tie

Board for the purposes of Part V of the principal Ac to be the state of that land on the first day of July nineteen hundred and forty-eight; and

(b) specifying (subject to any outstanding claims under

Part I or Part V of this Act) the amount of tfni original balance;

and any such certificate may, if the Board think fit, contaa additional information with respect to acts or events in consequence of which, by virtue of any provision of this Act, a deduction falls to be made from that original balance in determine the unexpended balance, if any, of established development uhc of any of that land at any time thereafter.

(2) Where, after the commencement of this Act, a notice fe treat has been served with a view to the compulsory acquisitx* of an interest in any land by any public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, being such a department authority, person or body of persons as is mentioned in sifc section (1) of section thirty-one of this Act, that authority mar apply to the Central Land Board for, and shall be entitled to the issue of, a certificate showing the unexpended balance established development value, if any, of any of that land Mediately before the service of that notice.

(3) Where the issue of a certificate under this section wifi respect to any land involves a new apportionment or, in the case of a certificate under the last preceding subsection, invohts the calculation of a deduction from the original unexpended balance of established development value of the land by virtue of subsection (4) of section eighteen of this Act, then—

(a) except in the case of a certificate under the last preceding subsection or of a certificate which the Bond propose to issue without any application being nude

>54 Town and Country Planning Ch. 73

(Scotland) Act, 1954

therefor, the certificate shall not be issued otherwise than on the application of a person for the time being entitled to an interest in the land;

(b) before issuing the certificate, the Board shall give notice

in writing to any person entitled to an interest in land which it appears to the Board will be substantially affected by the apportionment, or calculation, giving particulars of the proposed apportionment or calculation and stating that objections or other representation with respect thereto may be made to the Board within thirty days from the date of the notice; and

(c) the certificate shall not be issued before the date of

expiration of the said thirty days, and, if at that date an objection to the proposed apportionment or calculation has been made by any person to whom notice has been given under the last preceding paragraph, or by any other person who establishes that he is entitled to an interest in land which is substantially affected by the apportionment or calculation, and that objection has not been withdrawn, the next following subsection shall have effect.

(4) Where by virtue of paragraph <c) of the last preceding ubsection this subsection is to have effect, then—

(a) if within a further period of thirty days the person by

whom any such objection was made refers the dispute to the Lands Tribunal, the certificate shall not be issued until either the Tribunal has decided the matter or the reference to the Tribunal has been withdrawn;

(b) the certificate may be issued before the expiration of the

said further period if every such objection has been withdrawn; and

(c) the certificate shall be issued at the date of expiration

of the said further period notwithstanding that every such objection has not been withdrawn, if no reference to the Lands Tribunal has by that date been made under paragraph (a) of this subsection.

(5) Where, on a reference to the Lands Tribunal under this section, it is shown that a new apportionment relates partly to the same matters as any previous apportionment and is consistent with that previous apportionment in so far as it relates to those matters, the Tribunal shall not vary the new apportionment in such a way as to be inconsistent with the previous apportionment in so far as it relates to those matters.

(6) A certificate under subsection (2) of this section shall be conclusive evidence of the unexpended balance shown therein, and a certificate under subsection (1) of this section shall be sufficient proof of any facts stated therein unless the contrary is shown.

1137

Part VI

—cant.

1138 Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

Part VI (7) An application for a certificate under this section shall —com. be made in such form and manner as may be prescribed, and shall be accompanied by sufficient particulars, including a map if necessary, to enable the land to be identified and, where a new apportionment will be involved, particulars of the nature of the applicant’s interest and such information as to the nature of any other interest in the land and as to the name and address of the person entitled to that other interest as may be known to the applicant.

(8) On any application under subsection (1) of this section, the applicant shall pay in the prescribed manner a fee of five shillings and, if the application involves a new apportionment, the certificate shall not be issued until the applicant has paid in the prescribed manner a further fee of fifteen shillings.

(9) In this section, the expression "new apportionment" means an apportionment which relates wholly or partly to any matters relating to which there has not been a previous apportionment.

Cancellation or 51.—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect in cases where at the commencement of this Act the whole or part of a development charge remains unpaid, and apart from this section charges the charge or the unpaid balance thereof would then be payable, or would thereafter become .payable, to the Central Land Board.

(2) If under Part I of this Act the Board set off the whole of the charge, or the unpaid balance thereof, against a payment thereunder, as being a payment which (but for the set-off) would be payable by the Board under the said Part I, or would have been so payable if applied for, the development charge and any liability of any person in respect thereof shall thereupon be discharged.

(3) If under Part I of this Act the Board set off part of the charge, or of the unpaid balance thereof, as mentioned in the last preceding subsection, the development charge, or the unpaid balance thereof, shall be treated as reduced by the amount 90 set off and any liability of any person in respect thereof shall be modified accordingly.

(4) Where, for the purposes of the Second Schedule to this Act, one or more development charges such as are mentioned in subsection (1) of this section are covered by an assignation of one or more claim holdings to the Central Land Board, and by virtue of the provisions of that Schedule one or more of those claim holdings are deemed to have been extinguished or reduced in value by reference to the unpaid balance of the charge or, as the case may be, the aggregate of the unpaid balances of the charges, as therein mentioned, a sum equal to, or to the aggregate of—

(a) the value of any such holding which is deemed to have been extinguished; and

1954

1139

Town and Country Planning Ch. 73

(Scotland) , 1954

(A) the amount of the reduction in the value of any such holding which is deemed to have been reduced in value but not extinguished,

shall >be deducted from that balance or that aggregate of balances and—

(i) if that sum is equal to that balance or aggregate of

balances, the charge or charges and any liability of any person in respect thereof shall be discharged;

(ii) if that sum is less than that balance or aggregate of balances, the charge or charges, or die balance or respective balances thereof remaining unpaid at the commencement of this Act, shall be reduced by an amount, or, as the case may be, shall be reduced rateably by an aggregate amount, equal to that sum:

Provided that where paragraph 2 of the Second Schedule to this Act applies, any development charge in connection with which the claim holding in question was assigned in accordance with the arrangements mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of that paragraph and any liability of any person in respect thereof shall be discharged without regard to the treatment of the claim holding in question.

(5) Where the Central Land Board agreed that payment of a development charge should be postponed in accordance with the special arrangements relating to the accommodation of agricultural workers, the development charge and any liability of any person in respect thereof shall be treated as discharged.

(6) In the case of a development charge which is discharged by virtue of paragraph (i) of subsection (4) of this section—

(a) if no sum had been paid to the Central Land Board on

account of the charge, the charge shall for the purposes of Part I of this Act be treated as not having been incurred; and

(b) if any sum had been so paid, then, notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) of section four of this Act, the amount of the charge shall for the said purposes be treated as the amount or aggregate amount of the sum or sums so paid, other than any sum paid by way of interest;

and a development charge which is treated as discharged by virtue of the last preceding subsection shall, for the purposes of any other provision of this Act, except subsection (3) of section fifty-four thereof, be treated as not having been determined to be payable.

(7) References in this section, except in subsection (4) thereof, to the unpaid balance of a development charge include references to any arrears of interest in respect of the charge.

Part VI —coni.

1140

Ch. 73

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) , 1954

2&3Eul:

Part VI —corn.

Exchequer grants to local planning authorities.

52. Subject to the next following section, the folfowingiectk* shall be substituted for section eighty-nine of the prindml Act:—

" 89.—(1) Regulations made under this section with tk consent of the Treasury may provide for the payment b) the Secretary of State to local planning authorities of pun of such amounts, and payable over such periods and nb. ject to such conditions, as may be determined by or unde the regulations, in respect of expenditure incurred, whefa before or after the passing of this Act, by those authorities

(a) in connection with the acquisition of land appro*

by the Secretary of State for the purposes of & regulations, or in connection with the clearing? preliminary development of land acquired b» those authorities with such approval;

(b) in the payment of compensation under Part D cr

Part VII of this Act (other than compeontk payable in respect of land compulsorily acquired by virtue of section seventeen of this Act), or i taking any action under section twenty^* twenty-three or twenty-four of this Act, or the said section twenty-two as applied by any of the provisions of Part H of this Act;

(c) in connection with the carrying out of any wri

of restoring, repairing or adapting buDdiop acquired by those authorities, ‘being work approx by the Secretary of State for the purposes of tk regulations in the case of a building as respeca which, immediately before the acquisition theaot a 'building preservation order was in force or cotf have been made.

(2) Regulations made under this section may provide fe the payment of grants thereunder, in such cases and sib ject to such conditions as may 'be prescribed by or node the regulations, in respect of land appropriated by loci planning authorities (whether before or after the passing this Act) for any purpose approved by the Secretary of Sts in accordance with the regulations, as if the land had bee acquired for that purpose at a cost of such amount, defrayed in such manner, as may be determined by or unde the regulations.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the precede* provisions of this section, any regulations made under tb section may provide—

(a) for the inclusion, in the expenditure incurred bj local planning authorities in the acquisition of M approved by the Secretary of State for the purpose of the regulations, of any sums, or any pit of sums, paid by those authorities in connection wi

ie

954 Town and Country Planning Ch. 73

(Scotland) , 1954

any restriction imposed on the development or use of the land by or under any enactment (whether by way of compensation or by way of contribution towards damage or expense incurred in consequence of the restriction);

(b) for the calculation of grants payable under the regulations by reference to the amount of the annual costs incurred or treated as being incurred by local planning authorities in respect of the borrowing of money to defray expenditure in respect of which the grants are made, or by reference to the excess of such annual costs over receipts of those authorities which are attributable to such expenditure, or over the annual value of such receipts, as may be prescribed by the regulations.

(4) The amount of any grant paid to a local planning authority in accordance with regulations made under this section—

(a) where that amount is calculated by reference to

annual costs incurred or treated as incurred by the authority in respect of the borrowing of money to defray expenditure in respect of which the grant is made, or by reference to the excess of such annual costs over the receipts, or the annual value of receipts, mentioned in paragraph (b) of the last preceding subsection, shall not exceed an amount equal to fifty per cent, of those costs, or of that excess, as the case may be;

(b) in any other case, shall not exceed an amount equal

to fifty per cent of the amount of the expenditure in respect of which the grant is made:

Provided that, in relation to—

(i) land acquired for use as a public open space; or

(ii) such part, if any, of any land appropriated as men-

tioned in subsection (2) of this section as is intended for such use, the regulations may provide that, if in any particular case the Secretary of State is satisfied that, having regard to the expenditure in respect of which the grant is to be made and the financial circumstances of the local planning authority concerned, it is just that a higher grant should be made, the amount of the grant in that particular case shall be an amount equal to such percentage, exceeding fifty but not exceeding seventy-five per cent., of the costs, excess or expenditure aforesaid as die Secretary of State may determine.

(5) Any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State in the making of grants in accordance with regulations made

1141

Part VI

COM/.

Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Fliz, 2 1

(Scotla , 1954

for the purposes of this section shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(6) In this section the expression * preliminary development *, in relation to land approved for the purposes of regulations made thereunder, means the carrying out of any work determined in accordance with the regulations to be work preparatory to the development of the land for the purposes for which it was acquired or appropriated, or work comprised in die initial stages of such development"

Supplementary 53.—(1) Nothing in the last preceding section, or in the

V*0™* 88 amendments and repeals effected by the following provisions of tojBraequer part of Act, shall affect die payment of any grant in respect of a year or part of a year ending on or before the fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-five:

Provided that, in the case of a local planning authority whose financial year ends on a day other than the fifteenth day of May, this subsection shall have effect with the substitution of a reference to that other day for the reference to the fifteenth day of May.

(2) As respects land of any of the following descriptions, that is to say—

(a) land comprised in a compulsory purchase order made

by a local planning authority under the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945, or the principal Act, and confirmed before the twenty-sixth day of February, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, being land acquired for any of the purposes specified in paragraph (a) of subsection (5) of section eighty-nine of the principal Act;

(b) land acquired by agreement for any of those purposes with the consent of the Secretary of State given before that date;

(c) land appropriated for any of those purposes before that

date;

() land acquired or appropriated for any of those pur-

poses (whether before or after that date), being land contiguous or adjacent to land falling within any of the preceding paragraphs, paragraph ia) of subsection (4) of the section which, by the last preceding section, is substituted for the said section eighty-nine shall apply as if, for the reference in that paragraph to fifty per cent of the annual costs or excess therein mentioned, there were substituted a reference to ninety per cent, of those costs or of that excess, as the case may be:

Provided that this subsection shall not authorise the payment in the case of any land, of a grant at a higher rate in respect of a year or part of a year which, together with the preceding

1142

Part VI —cent.

1954

Town and Country Planning Ch. 73 1143

(Scotland) Act, 1954

years or parts of years in respect of which grants at a higher Part VI rate have been paid in the case of that land, would extend ~~cont. beyond a total period of eight years.

(3) For the purposes of any regulations made under section eighty-nine of (the principal Act (whether before or after the commencement of this Act), the definition in that Act of the expressions " area of extensive war damage " and " area of bad lay-out or obsolete development " shall apply, and be deemed always to have applied, as if in that definition the words " being in each case land comprised in an area which is defined by a development plan as an area of comprehensive development" had been omitted.

(4) In this section references to section eighty-nine of the principal Act are references to that section as it has effect apart from the last preceding section, and references (to a grant at a higher rate are references to a grant of an amount authorised by the said section eighty-nine as it so has effect, but not authorised (otherwise than by virtue of subsection (2) of this section) by the provisions substituted for that section by the last preceding section.

54.—(1) Where, under Part I of this Act, a payment becomes Recovery of payable by the Central Land Board in respect of the compulsory certain sums acquisition of an interest in land by, or the sale of such an from.. interest to, a public authority .possessing compulsory purchase powers (in this section referred to as " the acquiring authority "), the Board shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be entitled to recover the amount of the payment from the acquiring authority.

(2) The preceding subsection shall not apply if—

(a) the acquiring authority is a government department, and

the interest was acquired in pursuance of a notice to treat served, or a contract made, 'before the twenty-sixth day of February, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, or

(b) the interest was acquired, in pursuance of a notice to

treat served, or a contract made, before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, for the purposes of the development or re-development of any area as a whole, or

(c) the interest was acquired, in pursuance of such a notice

to treat or contract as is mentioned in the last preceding paragraph, for the purposes of the use of the land as a public open space, or as allotments:

Provided that paragraph (b) of this subsection shall not affect the application of the preceding subsection—

(l) if the interest was acquired by a development corporation under the New Towns Act, 1946; or

1144

Ch. 73

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Buz, 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Part VI (ii) if it is certified by the Secretary of State that the interest

—com. was acquired for the purposes of the development or

re-development of an area as an industrial estate.

(3) If, before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, operations were begun in, on, over or under any land in which an interest such as is mentioned is subsection (1) of this section subsists, or a use of any such hod was instituted, being operations or a use—

(u) in respect of which, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, a development charge has bees determined to be payable, or it has been determined that no development charge is payable; or (b) comprised in a scheme of development exempt from development charge,

the said subsection (1) shall not apply to so much of any payment referred to in that subsection as is attributable to any land in relation to which the determination was made or, as the case may be, which is included in that scheme of development

(4) If such a payment as is mentioned in subsection (1) of tins section would have been payable, or the amount of such payment would have been greater, but for the existence of either or both of the following circumstances, that is to say—

(a) that by virtue of the Second Schedule to this Act a claim holding relating to the whole or part of the land comprised in the acquisition or sale was treated as extinguished, or reduced in value, by reference to a development charge relating to other land;

(b) that by virtue of subsection (2) of section fourteen of this Act a sum was set off against the payment by reference to such a development charge,

the preceding provisions of this section shall apply as if neither of those circumstances had existed and the payment had become payable or (as the case may be) the amount of the payment had been increased accordingly.

(5) Where, under subsection (3) of section fourteen of this Act, a sum was set off against a payment, as being a payment which would have been payable under Part I of this Act if applied for, the preceding provisions of this section shall apply as if that payment had been payable under the said Part I and the set-off had been effected under subsection (2) of the said section fourteen.

(6) Where, in the case of a compulsory acquisition to which Part III of this Act applies, the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition is diminished—

ia) by an amount exceeding twenty pounds owing to the fact that compensation under Part II or V of this Act,

1954

Ch. 73

1145

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1954

or compensation to which Part IV of this Act applies. Part VI has become payable in respect of a planning decision —com. or order made before the service of the notice to treat, or

(b) owing to the fact that by virtue of the Second Schedule to this Act a claim holding relating to the whole or part of the land comprised in the acquisition was treated as extinguished, or reduced in value, by reference to a development charge relating to other land.

the Secretary of State (in a case falling within paragraph (a) of this subsection) or the Central Land Board (in a case falling within paragraph (b) thereof) shall be entitled to recover from the acquiring authority a sum equal to the amount by which the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition is less than it would have been if the circumstances referred to in paragraph (a) or (b) of this subsection, as the case may be, had not existed.

(7) Where an interest in land is compulsorily acquired by, or sold to, a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, in pursuance of a notice to treat served, or a contract made, after the commencement of this Act, or was so acquired or sold in pursuance of a notice to treat served, or a contract made, on or after the thirteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-seven, and before the commencement of this Act, and a payment exceeding twenty pounds has become payable under section fifty-six of the principal Act in respect of that interest, or becomes so payable after the commencement of this Act, the Central Land Board shall be entitled to recover the amount of the payment from the acquiring authority:

Provided thait—

(a) the provisions of subsections (2) and (3) of this section

shall have effect in relation to this subsection as they have effect in relation to subsection (1) of this section;

(b) no amount shall be recoverable by the Central Land Board under this subsection in relation to any land in relation to which an amount has become recoverable by the Secretary of State under section thirty as applied by section fifty-eight of this Act;

(c) if the acquisition or sale does or did not extend to

the whole of the land to which the payment related, the amount recoverable under this subsection shall be so much of that payment as is by virtue of subsection (3) of section fifty-eight of this Act to be treated as apportioned to the land in which the interest acquired or sold subsisted.

le

1146

Ch. 73

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Buz. 2

(Scotland) >4cf, 1954

Part VI (8) Regulations made under this section with the consent of —com. the Treasury may provide—

(a) for reducing the amount recoverable from the acquiring

authority under subsection (1) of this section, or under the last preceding subsection, in cases where, since the interest was acquired by that authority and before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, the land in question or part thereof was the subject of a conveyance of a description specified by the regulations, not being a conveyance in favour of a public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers;

(b) for enabling the acquiring authority to recover a con-

tribution, determined in such manner as may be prescribed by the regulations, from another public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers, in cases where, since the interest was acquired by the acquiring authority and before the commencement of this Act, the land in question or part thereof was the subject of a compulsory acquisition by that other authority, or of any other conveyance in favour of that authority of a description so prescribed;

(c) for applying the provisions of subsection (6) of this

section, subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be prescribed, to purchases of land by agreement, by public authorities possessing compulsory purchase powers, in pursuance of contracts made after the commencement of this Act, where the purchase price is determined in accordance with the regulations to be diminished as mentioned in that subsection.

(9) Where a sum is recoverable from an authority under this section, by reference to an acquisition or purchase of an interest in land, and in respect thereof, or of a subsequent appropriation of the land, a grant became or becomes payable to that or some other authority under any enactment, die power conferred by that enactment to pay die grant shall include, and shall be deemed always to have included, power to pay a grant in respect of that sum, as if it had been expenditure incurred by die acquiring authority in connection with the acquisition or purchase.

(10) In this section references to a scheme of development exempt from development charge are references to a scheme of development such that, if the operations and uses of land comprised in the scheme had all been begun or instituted before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two. all those operations and uses would have been exempt from

Ch. 73

1147

1954 Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1954

the provisions of Part VI of the principal Act by virtue of Part VI regulations made thereunder; and references to the amount of a —com. payment shall be construed as including any interest payable on the principal amount of the payment.

55.—-(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any com-Compensation pensation accruing due in respect of any land after the com- ^OT damage to mencement of this Act by virtue of paragraph (b) of subsection JJJl^tiooed

(1) of section two of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939 wna'

(which relates to compensation payable in respect of damage occurring to requisitioned land during the period of requisition) shall not exceed the amount (if any) by which the value mentioned in paragraph (a) of the next following subsection falls short of the price mentioned in paragraph ib) of that subsection.

(2) The said value and price are—

(a) the value, at the time when the compensation accrues due, of the dominium utile in the land in question, subject to any feu-duty, any ground annual and any servitude or other restriction, affecting the land at that time but otherwise free from burdens, and

(b) the price which would be the compulsory purchase price of the land at that time, if it were then in the state in which it was when possession of the land was taken in the exercise of emergency powers.

(3) Neither of the following provisions, that is to say—

(a) paragraph (ii) of the proviso to subsection (1) of the

said section two (which provides that the compensation payable under paragraph (b) of that subsection shall be limited to the value of the land at the time when it was requisitioned), and

(b) subsection (1) of section ten of the Requisitioned Land

and War Works Act, 1948 (which substitutes a different limit, by reference to the compulsory purchase price of the land in its existing state and in the state in which it was when requisitioned),

shall apply to compensation to which subsection (1) of this section applies.

(4) Subsection (3) of section ten of the said Act of 1948 (which makes provision as to the matters to be taken into account in calculating the compulsory purchase price of the land in its existing state) shall apply for the purposes of this section, with the substitution, for references to die compulsory purchase price of land, of references to the value of such an interest as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of this section; and subsection (4) of that section (which provides for increased

1148

Part VI

—cent.

Special provisions relating to minerals.

Modification of mining leases granted before 18th November, 1952.

Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Buz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

compensation in certain cases above the limit imposed by subsection (1) of that section) shall apply for the purposes of this section, with the substitution, for the reference to subsection (1) of that section, of a reference to subsection (1) of this section.

(5) In this section the expression " compulsory purchase price " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of the said section ten.

56. - -(1) Development charges determined in respect of the winning and working of minerals shall cease to have effect in so far as they require the payment of any periodical payments in respect of minerals got after the commencement of this Act

(2) Where a development charge has been determined in respect of the winning and working of minerals over a period ending after the commencement of this Act, the Central Land Board shall, if application is made to them in that behalf in accordance with die regulations for the time being in force under section seventy of the principal Act, vary the determination, and amend, discharge, modify or release any agreements or securities made or given in respect thereof, in such manner as appears to them appropriate for limiting the development charge to the winning and working of the minerals within so much of that period as preceded the commencement of this Act, and shall repay any sums paid thereunder, so far as may be requisite for giving effect to the variation.

(3) In relation to an interest in land consisting of or comprising minerals, and in relation to claims established wholly or partly in respect of such land, the provisions of this Act shall have effect subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be prescribed by regulations made under this Act with the consent of the Treasury.

(4) Regulations made for the purposes of this section shall be of no effect unless they are approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

(5) The Mineral Development Charge Set-off (Scotland) Regulations, 1951, shall cease to have effect; but in respect of the winning and working of minerals to which those Regulations applied no development charge shall be payable or be deemed ever to have been payable.

57. —(1) The Lands Tribunal may, upon application made to them within one year from the commencement of this Act by any party to a lease to which this section applies, by order modify the provisions of the lease so far as may be required in order to secure that the sums payable by the lessee under the lease, in respect of any period beginning on or after the date of the commencement of this Act, are equal to the sums which.

1954 Town and Country Placing Ch. 73 1149

(Scotland) Act, 1954

in the opinion of the Tribunal, the lessee could, at the time of the Part VI

lease, fairly and reasonably have been required so to pay if no —com.

development charges had been payable in respect of the winning and working of minerals.

(2) This section applies to the following leases, that is to say—

(a) any mining lease granted within the period beginning

on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and ending on the seventeenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two;

(b) any mining lease granted after the end of that period

by virtue of the exercise before the commencement of this Act of an option granted within that period;

(c) any mining lease granted before the beginning of that

period, if the terms of the lease as to the payments to be made thereunder by the lessee were varied by an agreement entered into within that period or by an order made within that period under section thirty of the Mineral Workings Act, 1951 (which empowers the Lands Tribunal to modify mining leases granted before the said first day of July).

(3) In determining for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section the sums which a lessee could fairly and reasonably have been required to pay in respect of any period beginning on or after the date of the commencement of this Act, the Tribunal shall have regard to the terms and conditions of the lease, other than terms and conditions as to the sums payable by the lessee thereunder, except sums so payable in respect of any period beginning before that date.

(4) The provisions of this section shall apply in relation to orders made under Part I of the Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act, 1923, as they apply in relation to mining leases, with the substitution, for references to the granting of a lease, of references to the making of such an order, and, for references to the Lands Tribunal, of references to the Court of Session.

(5) The provisions of this section shall apply in relation to an option conferring a right to require the grant of a mining lease, being an option granted within the period beginning on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, and ending on the seventeenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, as they apply in relation to a lease to which this section applies, with the substitution, for references to the terms and conditions of the lease and the sums payable by the lessee thereunder, of references to the terms and conditions of the lease which would be panted if the option were exercised and to the sums which would be payable by the lessee under that lease.

1150 Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2 it 3Euz.]

() Act, 1954

Part VI (6) Section thirty of the Mineral Workings Act, 1951, fci —com. cease to have effect.

Recovery, on 58.—(1) Where a payment under section fifty-six of $

subsequent principal Act (other than a payment not exceeding tvta

ofcwymcnu pounds) has become payable in respect of an interest is h*

under s. 56 of or becomes so payable after the commencement of this A; principal Act. the Central Land Board shall cause notice of the payment;

the prescribed form, specifying the land to which it relates the amount of the payment, to be recorded in the appropr® Register of Sasines, and shall send a copy of the notice to fc local planning authority and to any other person appeaogt the Board to be interested:

Provided that—

(a) the preceding provisions of this subsection shall n

apply to any amount which is recoverable under si section (7) of section fifty-four of this Act or vise would be so recoverable but for the provisions of pm graph (a) of the proviso to that subsection;

(b) if a development charge was (whether before or afe

die commencement of this Act) determined to x payable in respect of the land to winch the papas related or relates (in this proviso referred to as "C* payment area "), or in respect of land which indndoc the payment area, the preceding provisions of ifc subsection shall not apply to that payment; and

(c) if a development charge was (whether before or afe

the commencement of tins Act) determined to bt payable in respect of part of the payment area, or i respect of land which included part (but not the whose of that area, the preceding provisions of this subsets shall apply as if separate payments of so much of fe amount aforesaid as is respectively attributable (beret had been (payable in respect of that part of 8k payntf area and of the remainder of that area.

(2) Section thirty of this Act, except subsection (10) thereof shall have effect with the necessary modifications in rehtn to any payment specified in a notice recorded under tfc section, and to development of land to which such compensate relates, as it has effect in relation to the compensation specified in a notice recorded under section twenty-nine of this Act and to development of land to which that compensation relates:

Provided that—

(a) the said section thirty shall apply for the purposes of this section as if that section applied to every description of new development; and

4 Town and Country Planning Ch. 73

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(6) no amount shall be recoverable by the Secretary of State under the said section thirty as applied by this subsection in relation to any land in relation to which an amount has become recoverable by the Central Land Board under subsection (7) of section fifty-four of this Act

3) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a payment under tion fifty-six of the principal Act shall be treated as appor-led, as between different parts of the land to which it related, lie way in which it might reasonably be expected to have been apportioned if, under the scheme made under the said section /-six, the authority determining the amount of the payment 1 been required (in accordance with the same principles as >lied to the determination of that amount) to apportion it as ween different parts of that land.

4) References in this section to the amount of a payment ier section fifty-six of the principal Act shall be construed including any interest payable thereon under subsection (3) of tion sixty-two of that Act.

59.—(1) Where, after the commencement of this Act, an plication is made to a local planning authority for permission develop land by the erection thereon of an industrial build-', being an application which would, apart from this section, of no effect by virtue of subsection (4) of section twelve of j principal Act (which provides that certain applications to ± permission shall be of no effect unless it is certified by the >ard of Trade that the development in question can be carried t consistently with the proper distribution of industry), the ?al planning authority shall consider whether, if the require-;nts of the said subsection (4) had been satisfied, they would vertheless have refused the permission sought by the applicant either as respects the whole or as respects part of the land which the application relates; and if they are of opinion that ty would so have refused that permission, they shall serve on i applicant a notice in writing to that effect.

(2) Where a notice has been served under the preceding sub-stion as respects the whole or part of any land, the provisions this Act and of sections seventeen and eighteen of the principal :t, and, where by virtue of the preceding provisions of this bsection a direction has been given under subsection (3) of :lion twenty-three of this Act, the other provisions of the prin-pal Act, shall have effect as respects that land or that part ereof as if the application had been of effect and .permission id been refused.

1151

Part VI

—com.

Applications for permission for industrial development.

1152

Part VI

—COTtt.

Assignations

and

settlements by will of claims under Part V of principal Act.

Crown land.

Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

C Scotland) Act, 1954

60. -—(1) An assignation of the benefit, or part of the benefit, of an established claim shall be erf no effect if—

(a) it is made after the commencement of this Act, or (b) it requires the approval of the Central Land Boaid

under subsection (2) of section two of the Act of 1953, ! and no application for that approval was made before the commencement of this Act

(2) Subject to the preceding subsection, an assignation of the benefit, or part of the benefit, of an established claim, if approved by the Central Land Board under subsection (2) of section two of the Act of 1953 (whether before or after the commencement of this Act), shall be deemed to have had effect ! as from the date on which the assignation was made.

(3) Subsection (2) of section sixty-one of the principal Act (which provides that the right to receive a payment under Part V of that Act shall be transmissible by assignation or by operation of law) shall have effect, and shall be deemed always to have had effect, in relation to the settlement by will of soch a right as is mentioned in that subsection as it has effect in relation to the transmission of such a right by operation of law:

Provided that a settlement of such a right by the will of a testator dying after the commencement of this Act shall be of no effect

61. —(1) In this section the expression "Crown interest" means an interest belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown, or belonging to a government department or held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes of a government department; and the expression " private interest " means an interest which is not a Crown interest.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, where there is a Crown interest in any land, the provisions of this Act, other than this section, shall have effect in relation to any private interest as if the Crown interest were a private interest

(3) Where, in the case of a compulsory acquisition to which Part ill of this Act applies, planning permission was granted before the date of service of the notice to treat, and the person who at that date is entitled to the interest in land to which the | acquisition relates is, or derives title from a person who was. entitled thereto under a conveyance which—

(a) was granted after the grant of the planning permission, and ,

(b) was a conveyance of a Grown interest, or a conveyance;

creating an interest directly out of a Crown interest, then, notwithstanding subsection (4) of section forty-eight of the principal Act, that permission shall not be disregarded in assessing the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition.

1954

Town and Country Plaf^g Ch. 73 1153

(Scotland) Act, 1954

62.-—(1) Where a public authority possessing compulsory pur- Part vi chase powers has compulsorily acquired or has purchased, in —corn. pursuance of a notice to treat served, or, as the case may be, a Consideration contract made, after the commencement of this Act, the in respect of dominium utile in any land, and it is necessary to determine under section one hundred and eight of the Lands Clauses jj£om feu-duty, Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, the amount of any con- ground annual, sideration payable in respect of the discharge of the land from any Ac. feu-duty, or ground annual or other annual or recurring payment or incumbrance, to which that section applies (not being stipend or standard charge in lieu of stipend), or from any portion thereof, the following provisions of this section shall have effect for the purpose of such determination.

Any reference in this section to a " relevant prestation " is a reference to any such feu-duty or ground annual or other annual or recurring payment or incumbrance (or any portion thereof) relating to die land as is mentioned in this subsection.

(2) The aggregate amount of the consideration payable as aforesaid in respect of all relevant prestations (in this section referred to as the " aggregate consideration ") shall be an amount equal to the difference between—

(a) the amount of the compensation payable in respect of the acquisition of the dominium utile in the land, and

(6) the amount of the compensation which would have been so payable if the land had not been subject to any relevant prestation.

(3) Where the dominium utile has been acquired by agreement it shall be assumed for the purpose of estimating the amounts referred to in paragraphs (a) and ( of the last preceding subsection that it was acquired compulsorily in pursuance of a notice to treat served on the date of the making of the contract.

(4) If the land is subject to only one relevant prestation the amount of the consideration in respect of the discharge of the land from that prestation shall be equal to the aggregate consideration.

(5) If the land is subject to two or more relevant prestations the market value of each such prestation immediately before the service of the notice to treat or, as the case may be, the making of the contract, shall be estimated and the aggregate consideration shall be attributed to the discharge of the land from the relevant prestations in order of priority, so however that so much thereof as is attributed to the discharge of the land from any prestation shall (without prejudice to the next following subsection) not exceed the value, estimated as aforesaid, of that prestation.

(6) If, after giving effect to the provisions of the last preceding subsection, in any case to which they apply, there remains an

2 o

1154

Part VI

—com.

Transfer to Secretary of State of functions of Central Land Board exercisable in Scotland

General

financial

provisions.

Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 3 Euz

(Scotland) , 1954

unattributed balance of the aggregate consideration, the attributed in accordance with those provisions shall be incna proportionately so as to extinguish the balance.

(7) Subject to the next following subsection references is t section to the compensation payable in respect of the acqoea of the dominium utile in any land shall be construed as id ences to such compensation exclusive of any compensation j disturbance or for severance or injurious affection.

(8) In relation to the acquisition of the dominium j any land to which Rule (5) set out in section two of the Acqa tion of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, appb references in this section to the compensation payable in rape of the acquisition shah be construed as references to the on pensation (exclusive of any compensation for disturbance? for severance or injurious affection) which would have he

so payable if the dominium utile in question had been an idea to which subsection <4) of section eighty-two of the princp Act (which relates to land held for charitable purposes) applet

63. —(1) Her Majesty may, by any Order in Council at section sixty-three of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1954 providing for the winding up and dissolution of the Central Le Board, provide for the transfer to the Secretary of State of ts of the functions of the Board exercisable in Scotland which such date as may be specified in the Order have not been fdv performed, and any such Order in Council may contain ad incidental, consequential and supplementary provisions as ar appear to Her Majesty to be expedient for the purposes of tk transfer.

(2) On the dissolution of the Central Land Board by r Order in Council under the said section sixty-three, section ok of the principal Act (which relates to that Board) shall cease» have effect.

64. —(1) The Treasury may issue to the Secretary of Sat and to the Central Land Board out of the Consolidated ft* sruch sums as are necessary to enable he Secretary of Sto and the Board respectively to make any payments becooj payable by 'him or them under any provision of Part I of of this Act

(2) For the purpose of providing sums to be issued rah the preceding subsection, or of providing the replace* of sums so issued, the Treasury may at any time, if they thalj fit, raise money in any manna* in which they are authond to raise money under the National Loans Act, 1939, and securities created and issued to raise money under this subsea tion shall be deemed for all purposes to have been created id issued under that Act

54

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 73

1155

(3) The provisions of this subsection shall have effect as to s repayment of sums issued under subsection (1) of this section, at is to say—

(a) the aggregate of the sums so issued in any financial

year, whether to the Secretary of State or to the Central Land Board, shall be repaid by the Secretary of State into the Exchequer, as mentioned in the next following paragraph, with interest thereon at such rate as the Treasury may determine, the said interest accruing, as respects the whole aggregate, from such date in the financial year in which the sums are issued as the Treasury may determine;

(b) the said aggregate shall be repaid by twenty equal annual instalments, of principal and interest combined, falling due on the anniversary of the date determined under die preceding paragraph, the first such instalment falling due in the financial year next following the financial year in which die sums in question were issued;

(c) subject to the next following subsection, any instalment

to be paid into the Exchequer under the last preceding paragraph shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament

(4) Any sums received by the Secretary of State or by the sntral Land Board—

(a) by virtue of subsection (4) of section forty-eight of this Act,

(b) under subsections (1) to (5) of section fifty-four of this Act, or

(c) under subsection (6) of the said section fifty-four, or under that subsection as applied by regulations made under subsection (8) of that section, not being in either case sums recovered by reference to compensation payable under Part II of this Act or to compensation to which Part IV of this Act applies,

all be paid into the Exchequer, and shall be treated as paid satisfaction, or part satisfaction, of such one or more instal-ents payable under the last preceding subsection as the reasury may determine.

(5) All sums paid into the Exchequer under the two last eceding subsections shall be issued out of the Consolidated ind at such times as the Treasury may direct, and shall be iplied by the Treasury as follows:—

(a) so much thereof as represents principal shall be applied in redeeming or paying off debt of such description as the Treasury think fit;

Part VI

—com.

2 0 2

1156

Ch. 73

Part VI

—corn.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) , 1954

(6) so much thereof as represents interest shall be applied to the payment of interest which would, apart from this paragraph, have fallen to be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

(6) The Secretary of State and the Central Land Board shall each prepare, in respect of each financial year, in such form and manner and at such times as the Treasury may direct, an account of the sums issued to them respectively out of the Consolidated Fund under subsection (1) of this section, and of any such sums received by them as are mentioned in subsection (4) of this section.

(7) On or before the thirtieth day of November in each year, the Secretary of State and the Central Land Board shall transmit to the Comptroller and Auditor General the account prepared by him or them under the last preceding subsection in respect of the last preceding financial year, and the Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine and certify such account and lay before each House of Parliament copies thereof, together with his report thereon.

(8) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any sums necessary to enable the Secretary of State to

make any payment becoming payable by him under any provision of Part II or IV of this Act;

(b) any administrative expenses of the Secretary of State

under this Act;

(c) to such extent as may be sanctioned by the Treasury,

any administrative expenses incurred for the purposes of this Act by the Central Land Board with file approval of the Secretary of State;

() any sum falling to be paid by the Central Land Board

under subsection (2) of section fifty-six of this Act;

(e) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act

in the sums which under any other enactment are payable out of moneys provided.

(9) Subject to the preceding provisions of this section, and to the provisions of section forty-three of this Act, any receipts of the Secretary of State or the Central Land Board under any provision of this Act other than this section shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(10) As soon as practicable after—

(a) the expiration of a period of five years commencing with the date of commencement of this Act; or

1954 Town and Country Placing Ch. 73 1157

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(6) the expiration of the financial year in which the aggre- Part VI gate of all payments made by the Secretary of State under Parts II and IV of this Act reaches two million pounds,

whichever is the earlier, the Secretary of State shall lay before Parliament a report with respect to those payments and to any sums received by him under this Act other than such sums as are mentioned in subsection (4) of this section.

65. In calculating value for any of the purposes of this Act— General

(a) Rules (2) to <4) of the Rules set out in section two of

the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensa- Qf value, tion) Act, 1919, shall apply with the necessary modifications;

(b) if the interest to be valued is suibject to a heritable

security, it shall be treated as if it were not subject to the security:

Provided that Rule (3) of those Rules shall not apply for the purposes of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, and paragraph ( ) of this section shall not apply for the purposes of subsection (3) of section six of this Act, and that the value of an interest, as calculated for the purposes of section twenty-six of this Act, or of that section as applied by section forty-five of this Act, may be a minus quantity.

66. —(1) Regulations made under this section may make Provision for provision as to the exercise of the right to apply for a payment diversion of under Part I of this Act, or to claim compensation under Part II

or Part V thereof or compensation for depreciation within the meaning of subsection (3) of section forty of this Act, and as to the person to whom any such payment or compensation, or any part thereof, is to be made or paid, and as to application of any such payment or compensation or any part thereof, in cases where, apart from this section, the right to apply for the payment or to claim the compensation, as the case may be, is exercisable by reference to—

(a) a claim holding which is subject to an assignation in

security, or which was so subject at a time specified in the regulations; or

(b) an interest in land which is subject to a ground annual

or a heritable security or a trust, or which was so subject at a time specified in the regulations; or

(c) an interest in land which is the interest of a vassal or a

lessee.

(2) Any regulations made under this section may provide—

(a) for such conditions as may be prescribed to be attached to the making or paying by virtue of the regulations of any such payment or compensation as aforesaid or any part thereof;

1158

Ch. 73

Part VI

—com

Application of mnceUaneous provisions of principal Act.

Provisions as to regulations.

7bH7i and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2 (i Scotland) Act, 1954

(b) for the application, in a case where any payment or

compensation, or any part thereof, is by virtue of the regulations to be made or paid to a superior or to die creditor in a ground annual, of all or any of the provisions of section twenty-five of the War Damage Act 1943 (which relates to the rights of superiors and creditors in ground annuals as to payments for war damage) subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be prescribed; and

(c) for any disputes, or any disputes of such classes as may

be prescribed, arising out of the regulations to be referred to the Lands Tribunal for determination by that Tribunal.

67. —<1) Subsections (5) and (6) of section one of the principal Act (which relate to the functions of the Central Land Board) shall have effect in relation to this Act as they have effect in relation to the principal Act

(2) Subsection (1) of section ninety-nine of the principal Act, in so far as it confers powers of entry on land, shall have effect as if (in addition to the powers so conferred) it conferred power on any person, being an officer of the Valuation Office or a person duly authorised in writing by the Secretary of State, to enter upon any land, at any reasonable time, for the purpose of surveying it, or estimating its value, in connection with—

(a) an application for a payment under Part I of this Act in respect of that land or any other land, or

(h) a claim for compensation under Part II or Part V of this Act in respect of that land or any other land, and subsections (4) to (7), and subsection (9), of that section shall have effect accordingly.

(3) Section one hundred and one of the principal Act (which relates to the service of notices) shall apply for the purposes of this Act

(4) Section eighty-eight and subsection (2) of section one hundred and thirteen of the principal Act (which relate to the determination of questions as to special classes of land) shall apply, for the purposes of this Act, for the determination of any question whether land is land of a class specified in the Sixth Schedule to this Act, as they apply for the determination of questions as to classes of land for the purposes of the principal Act.

(5) Section one hundred of the principal Act (which authorises the Secretary of State to hold local inquiries for the purposes of that Act) shall apply for the purposes of this Act

68. —(1) The Secretary of State may make regulations under this Act for any purpose for which regulations are authorised or required to be made under this Act.

54 Town and Country Planning Ch. 73 1159

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(2) Any power conferred by this Act to make regulations Part VI

all be exercisable by statutory instrument. —com.

(3) Any statutory instrument containing regulations made der this Act (except regulations which, by virtue of any pro-►ion of this Act, are to be of no effect unless approved by solution of each House of Parliament) shall be subject to annul-*nt in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

69.—(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise Interpretation, quires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby signed to them respectively, that is to say—

" the Act of 1953 44 means the Town and Country Planning Act, 1953;

" claim holding " has the meaning assigned to it by section two of dlls Act;

44 compensation calculated on the basis of equivalent reinstatement " means compensation calculated in accordance with Rule (5) of the Rules set out in section two of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919;

44 compensation calculated on the 'basis of prevailing use " means compensation with respect to the calculation of which any of the following provisions applies, that is to say, subsection (5) of section seventy-nine, subsection (4) of section eighty-one, the said subsection (4) as applied by regulations made under section eighty-six, or subsection (4) of section eighty-two, of the principal Act;

44 compensation on the basis of existing use " means compensation with respect to the assessment of which the following provisions apply, that is to say, the provisions of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, as modified by sections forty-eight, fifty and fifty-one of the principal Act, not being compensation calculated on the basis of equivalent reinstatement or cm the basis of prevailing use and excluding any compensation for disturbance or for severance or injurious affection;

44 compulsory acquisition " does not include the vesting in a person by an Act of Parliament of property previously vested in some other person;

44 established claim " and 44 claim area44 have the meanings assigned to them by section one of this Act;

44 new development44 has the meaning assigned to it by section sixteen of this Act;

44planning decision44 has the meaning assigned to it by section sixteen of this Act;

1160

Ch. 73

Part VI

—cont.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations under this Act;

" previous apportionment " in relation to an apportionment for any of the purposes of this Act means an apportionment made before the apportionment in question, being—

(a) an apportionment for any of the purposes of this Act as made, confirmed or varied by the Lands Tribunal on a reference thereto; or

(b) an apportionment for any of the purposes of this Act which might have been referred to the Lands Tribunal by virtue of any provision of this Act bat in the case of which the time for such a reference has expired without its being so referred, or which was so referred but in the case of which the reference was withdrawn before the Tribunal gave their decision thereon; or

(c) an apportionment made by or with the approval of the Central Land Board in connection with the approval by the Board of an assignation of part of the benefit of an established claim under subsection (2) of section two of the Act of 1953;

"principal Act" means the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947;

" public authority possessing compulsory purchase powers ", in relation to the compulsory acquisition of an interest in land, means the person or body of persons effecting the acquisition, and, in relation to any other transaction relating to an interest in land, means any person or body of persons who oould be or have been authorised to acquire that interest compulsorily for the purposes for which the transaction is or was effected:

Provided that in relation to any such transaction to which an executive council or a joint committee constituted (by virtue of section thirty-two of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, arc a party in the exercise of their statutory functions, the said expression shall be construed as including that council or joint committee.

‘‘unexpended balance of established development value" means an amount ascertained in accordance with sections seventeen and eighteen, and " original unexpended balance of established development value " has the meaning assigned to it by section seventeen of this Act;

" valuable consideration " does not include marriage or a nominal consideration;

" will " includes a codicil.

1954 Town and Country Placing Ch. 73

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(2) Subject to the preceding subsection, and except where the context otherwise requires, expressions used in this Act and in the principal Act have the same meanings in this Act as in that Act

(3) As respects references in this Act to planning decisions— (.a)where in consequence of any planning decision a purchase notice has been served under section seventeen ’ of the principal Act and on consideration of that notice the Secretary of State has made any planning decision under that section, such references shall be construed as references to the last mentioned and not to the first mentioned decision;

(b) without prejudice to the preceding .paragraph, in relation to a decision altered on appeal by the reversal or variation of the whole or any part thereof, such references shall be construed as references to the decision as so altered;

(c) without prejudice as aforesaid, in relation to a decision upheld on appeal, such references shall be construed as references to the decision of the local planning authority and not to the decision of the Secretary of State on the appeal;

(d) without prejudice as aforesaid, in relation to a decision given on an appeal made by virtue of subsection (3) of section fourteen of the principal Act in default of a decision by the local planning authority, such references shall be construed as references to the decision so given.

(4) For the purposes of this Act—

(a) the time of a planning decision by the Secretary of State such as is referred to in paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection shall be taken to be or to have been the time of the decision in consequence of which the purchase notice so referred to was served; and

(b) without prejudice to the preceding paragraph, the time of

a planning decision, in a case where there is or was an appeal, shall be taken to be or to have been the time of the decision as made by the local planning authority, whether or not that decision is or was altered on that appeal by the reversal or variation of the appeal or any part thereof, or, in the case of such a decision as is mentioned in paragraph () of the last preceding subsection, the time when by virtue of subsection (3) of section fourteen of the principal Act notification of a decision by the local planning authority is deemed to have been given.

(5) For the purposes of this Act a development charge—

(a) shall be deemed not to have been determined if the

determination thereof ceased to have effect by virtue of subsection (2) of section seventy of the principal Act,

2 o*

1161

Part VI —com.

1162

Part VI

—COftt.

Minor and consequential amendments and repeals.

Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Buz. 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

or if, by virtue of subsection (1) of section one of the Act of 1953, the charge is not payable, or if any sum paid hi respect of the charge became repayable tinder subsection (5) of section one of the Act of 1953;

(b) shall be deemed to have become payable notwithstanding any agreement of the Central Land Board to a postponement of the payment of the charge, if the whole or part of the charge would have been payable but for that agreement

and references in this Act to a determination of the Central Land Board that a development charge was (payable, or as to Hie amount of a development charge, shall, in a case where the Board subsequently varied their determination, be construed as references to that determination as so varied.

(6) References in this Act to the Lands Tribunal are references to (the Lands Tribunal for Scotland:

Provided that until sections one to three of the Lands Tribunal Act, 1949, come into force as regards Scotland this subsection shall have effect as if for the reference to the Lands Tribunal for Scotland there were substituted a reference to an official arbiter appointed under the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, and sections three, five and six of that Act shall apply, subject to any necessary modifications, in relation to the determination of any question, under this Act, by an arbiter so appointed.

(7) References in this Act to the local planning authority in relation to any land are references to the local planning authority for the district in which the land is situated.

(8) References in this Act to any other enactment shall, except where the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act

(9) Any reference in this Act to the dominium utile in relation to land which is not held on feudal tenure shall be construed as a reference <to the interest in the land of the owner thereof.

(10) Any reference in this Act to an assignation in security shall be construed as including a reference to an ex facie absolute assignation qualified as a security by a collateral agreement

70,—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the enactments specified in the Eighth Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in that Schedule, being minor amendments or amendments consequential on the provisions of this Act.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, the enactments specified in the Ninth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in relation thereto in the third column of that Schedule.

1954

Town and Country PU& Ch. 73 1163

(Scotland) Act, 1954

(3) Subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of section Part VI thirty-two of this Act, the amendment by virtue of this section —cont. of the Third Schedule to the principal Act shall not have effect for the purposes of the following provisions of that Act, that is to say section fifty-one (which relates to the assessment of compensation for the compulsory acquisition of requisitioned land), section fifty-eight (which relates to the ascertainment of development values), section sixty-six (which relates to development charges) and subsection (1) of section eighty-five (which relates to the calculation of the development value of requisitioned land).

(4) As respects amendments and repeals relating to sections ninety and ninety-one of the principal Act, the provisions of this section shall have effect subject to section fifty-three of this Act.

(5> The repeal by virtue of this section of the proviso to subsection (1) of section twenty of the principal Act shall not affect compensation in respect of any order made under section nineteen of that Act before the commencement of this Act

(6) References in any local Act, including any such Act passed at any time during the present Session of Parliament, to Part II of the Act of 1945, or to Part IV of the principal Act shall be construed in relation to compensation payable on a compulsory acquisition of land thereunder in pursuance of a notice to treat served after the commencement of this Act as including a reference to Part III of this Act:

Provided that nothing in any such Act shall, by virtue of this subsection, be construed as excluding the application of the said Part III in relation to compensation payable in respect of any compulsory acquisition of land.

71.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Town and Country Plan- Short title, ning (Scotland) Act, 1954, and the Town and Country Planning citation, (Scotland) Acts, 1947 and 1951, the Town and Country Planning Act, 1953. in its application to Scotland, and this Act, may be cited together as the Town and Country Planning (Scotland)

Acts, 1947 to 1954.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on such day as the Secretary of State may by order appoint, and different days may be appointed for different purposes of this Act; and if different diays are so appointed, references in any provision of this Act to the commencement of this Act shall be construed as references to the time at which that provision comes into operation.

(3) Any order made under the last preceding subsection shall be made by statutory instrument and, at any time before the day appointed thereby, may be revoked or varied by a subsequent order under that subsection.

(4) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

20*2

1164

Ch. 73

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1954

2A3Eul;

SCHEDULES

Sections 1,6.

FIRST SCHEDULE

Modification of provisions of principal Act as to

DEVELOPMENT VALUE

Modification in certain cases where land acquired by public authority

1. —(1) The three next following paragraphs shall have effect vfe an interest in land was compulsorily acquired by a public aattax possessing compulsory purchase powers in pursuance of a Docket treat served on or after the date of the passing of the principal k and before the first day of July, nineteen hundred and fotye£ and the compensation paid did not exceed the amount provided k by section fifty-two of the principal Act (which provided for compe-sation on the basis of the existing use value of the land).

(2) The said paragraphs shall also have effect where an inien in land was purchased by such an authority in pursuance of a a» tract made on or after the date of the passing of the priacpi Act and before the said first day of July, at a price which did r exceed the amount of the compensation which would have bet payable in accordance with the said section fifty-two if the tnm action had been a compulsory acquisition.

(3) In those paragraphs the expression " the relevant land" one the land an interest in which was acquired or purchased as motioned in either of the preceding sub-paragraphs, and the express " the relevant interest " means the interest which was so acqninc or purchased.

2. Where any works for the erection or alteration of a biridat had been begun but not completed on the relevant land Was the notice to treat was served or the contract made, as the os may be, subsection (3) of section seventy-five of the prindptl (which provides that die development value of land containing -finished buildings shall be calculated as if the buildings iar completed) shall not apply for the purpose of determining & development value of the relevant interest.

3. Where after the notice to treat was served or the conte made, as the case may be, the Secretary of State issued in respect of the relevant land or any part thereof a certificate under sectn seventy-seven of the principal Act (which, as respects land certified as ripe for development before the said first day of July, pronto that the prospective value of the development for which the Inc was ripe shall be disregarded), the development value of the rctou: interest shall be determined as if the certificate had not been issued.

4. Where the acquisition or purchase was not completed md after the said first day of July, but before that day the acqunf

54

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 73

1165

ithority had carried out on the relevant land works for 5 erection or alteration of a building, or had on the relevant ad constructed roads or provided sewers or other services, the ovisions of subsection (2) of section eighty-seven of the principal st (which makes special provision as to compulsory acquisitions itiated and completed between the passing of that Act and the st day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight), and those plosions as applied by subsection (4) of that section (which relates acquisitions by agreement by puiblic authorities), shall apply as they extended to acquisitions completed after the said first day July in pursuance of a notice to treat served, or a contract made, ter the passing of the principal Act but before thait day:

Provided that where the acquiring authority had carried out on e relevant land any such operations as aforesaid before the service : the notice to treat, or the making of the contract, as the case ay be, those provisions shall so apply as if, in paragraph (a) : the said subsection (2), die reference to the state of the land i h was immediately before the date of the notice to treat were reference to the state of the land immediately before those opera-ms were begun.

5. Subsection (3) of section eighty-seven of the principal Act (which quires development values to be adjusted where an interest in land compulsorily acquired), and that subsection as applied by sub-action (4) of that section, shall not apply to any acquisition of a interest in land in pursuance of a notice to treat served, or a >ntract made, after the commencement of this Act.

Requisitioned land

6. Where land was requisitioned land on the first day of July, Lneteen hundred and forty-eight, and during the period of requisi-on a value payment under the War Damage Act, 1943, became ayable in respect of that land, section eighty-five of the prin-ipal Act (which provides for calculating the development value f an interest in requisitioned land by reference to the state of the ind immediately before the beginning of the period of requisition) lall apply for determining the development value of any interest i that land, with the modification that regard shall be had, not > the actual state of the land immediately before the beginning f the period of requisition, but to what that state would have been t the beginning of that period if the war damage had occurred nmediately before the beginning thereof.

7. Where in the case of any requisitioned land the period of squisition ended before the said first day of July but on or after le date of the coming into operation of section ten of the Requisi-oned Land and War Works Act, 1948 (which provides for restricting ompensation for damage to the land to an amount calculated by Terence to the existing use value of the land at the time when : was requisitioned), the development value of any interest in that tnd shall be determined as if the land had continued to be requisi-loned land on the said first day of July and section eighty-five f the principal Act had applied to it accordingly.

1st Sch.

—cont.

1166

Ch. 73

1st Sch. —cont.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Em.2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Compensation for abortive expenditure

8. Where the development value of an interest in land, determined apart from this paragraph, would be wholly or partly attributable to the carrying out of work which was subsequently rendered abortive—

(a) by an order made before the commencement of this Act whereby permission to develop land was revoked or modified, or

(b) by a planning decision made before the commencement of this Act whereby permission to complete buildings or works was refused, or was granted subject to conditions, and compensation has become payable under subsection (1) of section twenty of the principal Act, or, as the case may be. under sob-section (1) of section seventy-six of that Act, in respect of expenditure incurred before the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, being expenditure so incurred wholly or partly in the carrying out of that work, then, in determining that development value, there shall be deducted an amount equal to so much of the compensation as was attributable to that work.

Other modifications

9. In determining the development value of an interest in land—

(a) no account shall be taken of any enforcement notice taking

effect after the commencement of this Act by virtue of section seventy-two of the principal Act (which relates to development contravening planning control under previous enactments);

(b) account shaM be taken of any enforcement notice taking effect by virtue of that section before the commencement of this Act, notwithstanding that the notice took effect after that development value would apart from this paragraph have been deemed to be finally determined.

10. Where, in determining the development value of an interest in land before the commencement of this Act, Rule (3) of the Rules set out in section two of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, was disregarded, notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (1) of section fifty-nine of the principal Act (which requires that Rule, together with other rules, to be applied in determining development values), the said subsection (1) shah apply, and be deemed always to have applied, is relation to the determination of the development value of that interest, as if the reference in that subsection to the said Rule (3) had been omitted.

11. Where a claim was made for a payment under the scheme referred to in subsection (2) of section one of this Act, but payment in respect of the interest to which the claim related would have been excluded by section eighty-two of the principal Act by virtue of a direction given under subsection (5) of the said section eighty-two, the Secretary of State, on application made to him at any time within six months after the commencement of this Act, may direct that the provisions of the principal Act, and of this Act, shall have effect in relation to that claim as if the direction under subsection (5) of the said section eighty-two had not been given.

1954 Town and Country Planning Ch. 73 1167

(Scotland) ^c/, 1954

SECOND SCHEDULE gfcttom 2, 51

Claims assigned to Central Land Board as security 54<

FOR DEVELOPMENT CHARGES

L—(1) In this Schedule, and in the other provisions of this Act, references to the assignation of a claim holding to die Central Land Board are references to any transaction whereby—

(a) the holder of the claim holding assigned it to the Board as security, or part of the security, for one or more development charges determined, or thereafter to be determined, by the Board, or

(Z>) the holder and the Board agreed that a development charge determined by the Board should be set off against any payment which might thereafter become payable to the holder by reference to that holding, or

(c) the Board refrained from determining a development charge, which would otherwise have fallen to be determined by them, in consideration of an assignation of the holding (with or without other claim holdings).

(2) All assignations of claim holdings to the Central Land Board made by the same person, whether or not made at the same time, other than any assignation to which sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule applies, shall for the purposes of this Schedule be treated collectively as a single assignation made at the time when the last of those assignations was made.

(3) Where a development charge covered by an assignation to the Central Land Board was determined in respect of land which constitutes the whole or part of the area of a claim holding not comprised in the assignation, being a holding of which the holder is the person who would, apart from the assignation, be liable to pay the unpaid balance of the development charge, then, for the purposes of this Schedule, that claim holding shall be deemed to be comprised in the assignation.

(4) In this Schedule references to the determination of a development charge in respect of any land are references to a determination of the Central Land Board that the charge was payable in respect of the carrying out of operations in, on, over or under that land, or in respect of the use of that land.

(5) For the purposes of this Schedule the amount of a development charge—

(a) in a case where the Central Land Board determined that amount as a single capital payment, shall be taken to have been the amount of that payment;

(b) in a case where the Board determined that amount other-

wise than as a single capital payment, shall be taken to have been the amount of the single capital payment which would have been payable if the Board had determined the amount as such a payment; and references in this Schedule to the unpaid balance of a development charge are references to the amount of the charge, if no stnn was actually paid to the Board on account of the charge, or, if any sum was so paid, are references to the amount of the charge reduced by the amount or aggregate amount of the sum or sums so paid, other than any sum paid by way of interest.

1168 Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2A 3 Eliz. i

() , 1954

2nd Sch. (6) In relation to the assignation of a claim holding to theCotn. —con/. Land Board, references in this Schedule to a development dm* covered by the assignation are references to a development charge h payment of which was secured, or partly secured, by the ampatk* or, as the case may be, which was agreed to be set off against t» payment which might become payable by reference to the hol%

2. —(1) Where a claim holding was assigned to the Central L* Board in accordance with the special arrangements relating to one of single house plots, the claim holding shall, subject to die ke following sub-paragraph, be deemed to have been extinguished i from the time when it was assigned to the Board.

(2) Where a claim holding (in this sub-paragraph referred to s " the original holding ") was assigned as mentioned in die precede sub-paragraph, but was so assigned by reference to a ploto(£v which did not extend to the whole of the area of the original boidjg the preceding sub-paragraph shall not apply, but there shik deemed to have been substituted for the original holding, as fra the time of the assignation, a claim holding with an area consist^* so much of the area of the original holding as was not comprised c that plot of land, and with a value equal to that fraction of a value of the original holding which then attached to so much of & area of the original holding as was not comprised in that pkt

3. Without prejudice to the last preceding paragraph, where s assignation to the Central Land Board comprised one or moredc holdings, and the unpaid balance of the development charge

by the assignation, or (if more than one) the aggregate of the npx balances of the development charges so covered, was equal to cr | greater than the value of the claim holding, or the aggregate uk of the claim holdings, as the case may be, the holding or bokfa$ shall be deemed to have been extinguished as from the time of fc assignation.

4. Where an assignation to the Central Land Board comprised orir a single holding with an area of which every part either coossti of, or formed part of, the land in respect of which some deveb ment charge covered by the assignation was determined, and tk last preceding paragraph does not apply, the unpaid balance of the development charge covered by the assignation, or, if more tk one, the aggregate of the unpaid balances of all the developra charges covered by the assignation, shall be deducted from the value of the holding, and the value of that holding shall be deemed tohw been reduced accordingly as from the time of the assignation

5. —(1) The provisions of this paragraph shall have effect in tk case of an assignation of one or more claim holdings to the Cota! Land Board to which neither of the two last preceding paragraph applies.

(2) Any claim holding comprised in the assignation with ao ara of which every part either consisted of, or formed part of, the ltd in respect of which some development charge covered by the amp* tion was determined shall be allocated to the development chup a question or, if more than one, to those development charges collectively. i

54

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) , 1954

Ch. 73

1169

(3) Any claim holding comprised in the assignation with an area irt of which did, and part of which did not, consist of, or form irt of, such land as aforesaid shall be treated as if, at the time

the assignation, the claim holding (in this sub-paragraph referred as " the parent holding ") had been divided into two separate claim >ldings, that is to say—

(a) a claim holding with an area consisting of so much of

the area of the parent holding as consisted of, or formed part of, such land as aforesaid and with a value equal to that fraction of the value of the parent holding which then attached to that part of the area of the parent holding; and

(b) a claim holding with an area consisting of the residue of the area of the parent holding and with a value equal to that fraction of the value of the parent holding which then attached to the residue of the area of the parent holding,

id the claim holding referred to in head (a) of this sub-paragraph tall be allocated to the development charge in question, or, if more tan one, to those development charges collectively.

(4) Paragraph 3 or 4 of this Schedule shall then apply in rela-on to each claim holding, if any, allocated in accordance with te two last preceding sub-paragraphs to any development charge, r to any development charges collectively, as if the assignation ad comprised only that claim holding and had covered only that svelopment charge or those development charges.

(5) If after the application of the preceding provisions of this aragraph there remains outstanding any claim holding not allocated i accordance with those provisions or any claim holding so allo-ated which has been reduced in value but not extinguished, an mount equal to the aggregate of—

(a) the unpaid balance of any development charge covered by

the assignation to which no claim holding was allocated as aforesaid; and

(b) the amount, if any, by which the value of any claim holding allocated as aforesaid which is deemed to have been extinguished falls short of the unpaid balance of the development charge, or the aggregate of the unpaid balances of the development charges, to which it was so allocated,

hall be deducted from the value of the claim holding so remaining utstanding, or, if more than one, shall be deducted rateably from be respective values of those claim holdings, and the value of any uch holding shall be deemed to have been reduced accordingly as rom the time of the assignation.

THIRD SCHEDULE

Payments under section fifty-six of principal Act

1.—(1) This Schedule applies to payments which have become payable, or become payable after the commencement of this Act, >y virtue o ithe scheme made under section fifty-six of the principal Vet

2nd Sch. —cont.

Section 2.

1170

Ch. 73

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

3rd Sch. —cont.

(2) In relation to such a payment, the expression Mthe payment area'* in this Schedule means the land in respect of which the payment became or becomes payable, and references to the amount of the payment shall be construed as references to the principal amount thereof, excluding any interest payable thereon, under subsection (3) of section sixty-two of the principal Act

(3) In this Schedule the expression "the date of the scheme* means the date of the coming into operation of the scheme made under the said section fifty-six.

2. The provisions of this Schedule shall have effect where a payment to which this Schedule applies has become, or becomes, payable in respect of an interest in land, and a claim holding related, or would apart from this Schedule have related, to the Mice interest in the whole or part of that land with or without any other land.

3. If the payment area is identical with the area of the claim holding, then—

(a) if the amount of the payment is equal to the value of the claim holding, the claim holding shall be deemed to have been extinguished as from the date of the scheme;

(b) if the amount of the payment is less than the value at the claim holding, the value of the claim holding shall be deemed to have been reduced, as from the date of the scheme, by the amount of the payment

4. —(1) If the payment area forms part of the area of the claim holding, the holding (in this paragraph referred to as "the parent holding ") shall be treated, as from the date of the scheme, as having been divided into two claim holdings, that is to say—

(a) a claim holding with an area consisting of that part of the

area of the parent holding which constituted the payment area, and with a value equal to that fraction of the value of the parent holding which attached to that part of the area of the parent holding, and

(b) a claim holding with an area consisting of the residue of the area of the parent holding, and with a value equal to that fraction of the value of the parent holding which attached to the residue of the area of the parent holding.

(2) Where the preceding sub-paragraph applies, the last preceding paragraph shall have effect in relation to the claim holding referred to in head (a) of the preceding sub-paragraph as if it were the parent holding.

5. If the payment area includes the area of the claim holding together with the other land, paragraph 3 of this Schedule shall apply as if—

(a) the payment area had been identical with the area of the claim holding, but

(b) the amount of the payment had been so much of the actual amount thereof as might reasonably be expected to have been attributed to the area of the claim 'holding if, under the scheme made under section fifty-six of the principal

1954 Town and Country Planing Ch. 73

(i Scotland) Act, 1954

Act, the authority determining the amount of the payment had been required (in accordance with the same principles as applied to the determination of that amount) to apportion it as between the area of the claim holding and the rest of the payment area.

6. If the payment area includes part of the area of the claim holding, together with other land not comprised in the area of the claim holding,—

(a) paragraph 4 of this Schedule shall apply as if the part of

the payment area comprised in the area of the claim holding had been the whole of the payment area, and

(b) the last preceding paragraph shall apply as if the part of the area of the claim holding comprised in the payment area had been die whole of the area of the claim holding.

FOURTH SCHEDULE Calculation of value of previous development of land

1. Where under any provision of this Act the value of any development of land initiated before a time referred to in that provision has to be ascertained with reference to that time, the value of the development shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule.

2. The said value shall be calculated by reference to prices current at the time in question—

(a) as if the development had not been initiated but the land

had remained in the state in which it was immediately before the development was initiated, and

(b) on the assumption that (apart from the principal Act) the development could at that time lawfully be carried out,

and shall be taken to be the difference between the value which in those circumstances the land would have had at that time if permission for that development had been granted unconditionally immediately before that time and die value which in those circumstances the land would have had at that rime if permission for that development had been applied for and refused immediately before that time, and it could be assumed that permission for that development, and any other new development of that land, would be refused on any subsequent application:

Provided that, if the development involved the clearing of any land, the reference in sub-paragraph (a) of this paragraph to the state of the land immediately before the development shall be construed as a reference to the state of the land immediately after the clearing thereof but before the carrying out of any other operations.

3. If the development was initiated in pursuance of planning permission granted subject to conditions, the last preceding paragraph shall apply as if the reference to the granting of permission unconditionally were a reference to the granting of permission subject to the tike conditions.

1171

3rd Sch. —cont.

Sections 18, 65.

1172

Ch. 73

4th Sch.

—am

Section 32.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 3

(Scotland) 1954

4. If the permission referred to in the last preceding pangnpfc was granted subject to conditions which consisted of. or mdod< a requirement expressed by reference to a specified period, the niff, enoe in that paragraph to the like conditions shall be constr«, a relation to the condition imposing that requirement, as a refcnaa to a condition imposing the like requirement in respect ef a period t like duration beginning at die time in question.

5. In the application of the preceding provisions of this Scfaefc to development initiated, but not completed, before the time in quo-don, references to permission for that development shall be consrec as references to permission for so much of that development as b: been carried out before that time.

FIFTH SCHEDULE Apportionment of unexpended balance of

ESTABLISHED DEVELOPMENT VALUE Determination of relevant area

1. —(1) Where, in the case of a compulsory acquisition to vfan Part III of this Act applies, any area of the relevant land wb immediately before the service of the notice to treat, had an expended balance of established development value does not sad] the condition set out in the next following sub-paragraph, that an shall be treated as divided into as many separate areas as maj fat requisite to ensure that each of those separate areas satisfies ±c condition.

(2) The condition referred to in the preceding sub-paragnpii that all the interests (other than excepted interests) subsisting in & area in question subsist in the whole thereof.

(3) Any area of the relevant land which has an unexpe&je: balance of established development value and which complies via the condition set out in the last preceding sub-paragraph is in da Schedule referred to in relation to the interests subsisting theran " the relevant area ", and the subsequent provisions of this Schedc shall have effect separately in relation to each relevant area.

Preliminary calculations

2. In the case of the interest of the lessor under any lease thea shall be calculated the capital value as at the time immediately beta the service of the notice to treat of the right to receive a sum equl to the unexpended balance of established development value of tk relevant area at that time, but payable at the expiration of the tot and the amount so calculated in the case of any such interest hi this Schedule referred to as " the reversionary development value " that interest.

Apportionment of unexpended balance between interests

3. Where two or more interests, other than excepted interest* assist in the relevant area, the portion of the unexpended balsa* established development value of the relevant area attributable to

*54 Town and Country Planning Ch. 73

(Scotland) , 1954

ch respectively of those interests shall be taken to be the following, at is to say—

(a) in the case of the interest of the lessor under any lease,

so much, if any, of the reversionary development value of that interest, as remains after the deduction therefrom of the aggregate of—

(i) the reversionary development value of the interest of the person, if any, to whom that lessor stands in the relationship of lessee; and

(ii) in a case where the restricted value of the first-mentioned interest is a minus quantity, an amount equal to that minus quantity;

(b) in the case of the interest of the lessee under any lease which is not subject to a sub-lease, so much, if any, of the said balance as remains after the deduction therefrom of the aggregate of—

(i) the reversionary development value of the interest of the lessor under the lease, and

(ii) in a case where the restricted value of the first-mentioned interest is a minus quantity, an amount equal to that minus quantity.

Interpretation

4. In this Schedule the expression " lease " does not include any ;ase in the case of which the interest of the lessee is an excepted iterest

SIXTH SCHEDULE

PECIAL CLASSES OF LAND FOR WHICH PLANNING PERMISSION IS TO BE INCLUDED IN COMPENSATION ON COMPULSORY ACQUISITION

1. Land which, on the date of service of the notice to treat is land 3 which section seventy-nine of the principal Act applies.

2. Land acquired by a local planning authority under Part I of he Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945, or under 'art III of the principal Act for the purposes of the development t redevelopment of any area as a whole and land appropriated >y a local planning authority for those purposes where the relevant [iterest is the interest of that authority in that land.

3. Land acquired by a development corporation under the New "owns Act, 1946, where the relevant interest is the interest of that orporation in that land.

4. Land which, on the date of service of the notice to treat, is operational land of statutory undertakers, where the relevant interest s tihe interest of those undertakers in that land.

5. Land which, on the date of service of the notice to treat, is and of the National Coal Board of a class specified in regulations nade under section eighty-six of the principal Act, where the relevant nterest is the interest of the National Coal Board in that land.

1173

5th Sch. —cant.

Sections 35. 67.

1174 Ch. 73 Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 But 2

(Scotland) Act, 1954

6th Sch. 6. Land to which section eighty-two of the principal Act applies — com on the date of service of the notice to treat and applied on the fine day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-eight.

7. Land which would have been such land as is referred to in any of the preceding paragraphs if the notice to treat had been served on the date of the granting of the planning permission in question

8. Land to which, by virtue of a direction of the Secretary of State under subsection (5) of section eighty-two of the principal Act, any of the provisions of that section applied on the date of the granting of the planning permission in question.

Sections 37.38. SEVENTH SCHEDULE

Compensation, on compulsory acquisition, for severance ai®

INJURIOUS AFFECTION

1. In this Schedule the following expressions have the following meanings respectively—

" the compensation.* means compensation such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of section thirty-seven of this Act;

" the interest affected * means the interest in respect of which the compensation falls to be assessed, in so far as that interest subsists in land, other than the relevant land, which is affected by the injurious act or event:

"the land affected* means the land in which the interest affected subsists;

" the injurious act or event * means the act or event in consequence of which the compensation falls to be assessed:

"other interest affected* means an interest other than the interest affected which subsists in the whole or part of the land affected and in respect of which compensation such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of section thirty-seves of this Act is payable by virtue of the injurious act or event;

"qualified land* means land which immediately before the injurious act or event has an unexpended balance of established development value;

" the loss of development value * means the amount, if any, by which the value of the interest affected immediately before the injurious act or event, if calculated on the assumption that, until such time as the land affected might reasonably be expected to become ripe for new development, no use whatever could be made of that land, would exceed the value of that interest immediately after that act or event if calculated on the like assumption;

" the loss of immediate value * means the amount, if any, by which the difference in the value of the interest affected immediately before and immediately after the injurious act or event exceeds the loss of 'development value;

1954

Ch. 73

1175

Town and Country Pl

(Scotland) Actt 1954

" the depreciation in restricted value ", in relation to an interest, 7th Sch. means the amount, if any, by which the value of the —com.

interest, immediately after the injurious act or event, would be less than the value of that interest immediately before the act or event, if both values were calculated on the assumption that planning permission would be granted for development of any class specified in the Third Schedule to the principal Act but would not be granted for any other development.

2. If neither the land affected, taken as a whole, nor any part of the land affected is qualified land, the amount of the compensation shall be the loss of immediate value.

3. If the land affected, taken as a whole, satisfies the following conditions, that is to say—

(a) that it is qualified land; and

(b) that no other interest affected subsists in a part only thereof, the amount of the compensation shall be the aggregate of the loss of immediate value and whichever is the less of the following amounts, that is to say—

(i) the loss of development value; or

(ii) the amount of the unexpended balance of established development value of the land affected immediately before the injurious act or event:

Provided that if one or more other interests affected subsist in the whole of the land affected, and the aggregate of the loss of development value of the interest affected and of any such other interest or interests exceeds the amount mentioned in sub-paragraph (ii) of this paragraph, that amount shall be allocated between the interest affected and any such other interest or interests in proportion to the loss of development value of each of them respectively, and the amount of compensation payable in respect of the interest affected in addition to the loss of immediate value shall be the sum so allocated to that interest.

4. If the land affected, taken as a whole, does not satisfy the conditions mentioned in the last preceding paragraph, then, for the purpose of assessing the compensation in respect of the interest affected—

(a) the loss of development value of the interest affected and

of any other interest affected shall first be ascertained with reference to the whole of the land affected in which the interest in question subsists;

(b) the land affected shall then be treated as divided into as many parts as may be requisite to ensure that each such part consists of land which either satisfies the conditions aforesaid or is not qualified land; and

(c) the loss of development value of each of the interests afore-

said, ascertained as aforesaid, shall then be apportioned between the said parts according to the nature of those parts and the effect of the injurious act or event in relation to each of them.

1176

Ch. 73

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 2

(Scotland) , 1954

7th Sch. and the compensation payable in respect of the interest affected —amt. in addition to the loss of immediate value shall be the aggregate of the amounts which would be so payable by virtue of the last preceding paragraph if each such part had been the whole of the land affected.

5. In calculating value for any of the purposes of the preceding provisions of this Schedule in their application to compensation for damage to land not held with the relevant land, being damap sustained by reason of the construction or erection of works os the relevant land, no account shall be taken of the use, or the prospective use, of those works.

6. Where—

(a) the compensation includes an amount paid in respect of an interest in any land other than the relevant land; or

(b) on such a sale as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section thirty-eight of this Act, the prioc paid included an amount in respect of damage sustained by an interest in land other than, but held with, the land in which the interest sold subsisted, being damage sustained by reason of the severance of the land or by reason that the interest in that other land was injuriously affected,

and the said amount exceeds what was, or in the appropriate circumstances (as defined in the said section thirty-eight) would haw been, the loss of immediate value of that interest, then, for 'he purpose of determining whether that other land or any part thereof has an unexpended balance of established development value at any subsequent time, there shall be deducted from the original unexpended balance of established development value of that other land an amount equal to the excess, or so much thereof as was, or in the appropriate circumstances (defined as aforesaid) would have been, calculated by reference to that balance, and the original balance of that land or that part thereof shall be treated as having been reduced or extinguished accordingly immediately before that subsequent time.

7. If in a case such as is mentioned in paragraph 2, 3 or 4 of this Schedule, or sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the last preceding paragraph, so much, if any, of the compensation mentioned in that paragraph, or, as the case may be, of the amount mentioned in that sub-paragraph, as was, or in the appropriate circumstances (as defined in section thirty-eight of this Act) would have been, attributable to the loss of immediate value of the interest in question was or would have been less than the depreciation in restricted value of that interest, then, (whether or not the land in question or any part thereof would apart from the provisions of this paragraph have had an original unexpended balance of established development value) for the purpose of determining whether at any time after the acquisition or sale the land in question or any part thereof has such a balance, but for no other purpose, it shall be deemed that immediately after the commencement of this Act a claim holding subsisted with an area consisting of the land in question and a value equal to seven-eighths of the amount of the difference.

1954

Town and Country Planning

(Scotland) Act, 1954

Ch. 73

1177

EIGHTH SCHEDULE

Section 70.

Enactments amended

The Town and Country Planning (Scotland) , 1947

(10 <fc 11 Geo6. c. 53.

1. In section eighteen, in subsection (4), at the end there shall be added die words " if Part HI of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1954. had not been passed "

2. In section ninety-one, in subsection (3), for the words "either of the two last foregoing sections ", there shall be substituted the words " section eighty-nine of this Act

3. The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (2) of section one hundred and eight: —

" (2) For the purposes of paragraph 1 of Part II of the said Third Schedule—

(a) the erection on land within the curtilage of any such

building as is mentioned in that paragraph of an additional building to be used in connection with the original building shall be treated as the enlargement of the original building; and

(b) where any two or more buildings comprised in the same

curtilage are used as one unit for the purposes of any institution or undertaking, the reference in the said paragraph 1 to the cubic content of the original building shall be construed as a reference to the aggregate cubic content of those buildings."

4. In the Third Schedule—

(a) in paragraph 1 of Part I, after the words " such building) "

there shall be inserted the words " and of any other building in existence at a material date, being a building erected after the appointed day ";

(b) in paragraph 2 of Part I and paragraphs 2 and 7 of Part H, for the words " on the appointed day " there shall in each case be substituted the words " at a material date ";

(c) in paragraph 5 of Part n, for the words * on the appointed

day " there shall be substituted, in the first place where those words occur, the words " at a material date " and, in the second place where those words occur, the words " on and at all times since the appointed day ";

() in paragraph 6 of Part n, for the words " on the appointed day" in the first place where they occur there shall be substituted the words " at a material date ", and after the

1178

Ch. 73

8th Sch. —coni.

Town and Country Planning 2 & 3 Eul 1

(Scotland) Act, 1954

said words in the second place where they occv fa shall be inserted the words " or on the day thereafter the buildings began to be so used *;

(e) after paragraph 7 of Part II, there shall be added & following—

" Part ID

1. In this Schedule, the expression "at a nute* date " means at either of the following dates, that it say—

(a) the appointed day; or

(b) the date by reference to which this Schedokfft to be applied in the particular case in quota:

Provided that sub-paragraph (b) of this paragraphs not apply in relation to any building, works or ok land in respect of which, whether before or after k date mentioned in that sub-paragraph, an tdoma notice served before that date has become or beoov effective.

2. Where, after the appointed day, any buildings a works have been erected or constructed, or any ne land has been instituted, and any condition impose under Part II of this Act limiting the period for wk: those buildings or works may be retained or that may be continued is of effect in relation thereto, tfc Schedule shall not operate except as respects the peat specified in that condition.*

The Town and Country Planning , 1953 (1*2 Ellz. 2. c. 16.

5. In section two, in paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (T for the words " pending the coming into operation of such an Aa’ there shall be substituted the words " subject to the provision if the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1954 "

54 Town and Country Planning Ch. 73

(Scotland) Act, 1954

NINTH SCHEDULE Enactments repealed

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

All Geo. 6. The Town and Country x 53. Planning (Scotland)

Act, 1947

& 15 Geo. 6. c. 60.

A 2 Eliz. 2. c. 16.

The Mineral Workings Act, 1951.

The Town and Country Planning Act, 1953.

In section twenty, the proviso to subsection (1); subsection (5), and in subsection (6) the words from 44or a" to 44section eighteen of this Act * and the words from 44 or as * to 44 said section eighteen*; subsections (3) and (4) of section eighty; section ninety; in section ninety-one, subsection (1), and the words 44or section ninety* in subsection (2); in section one hundred and thirteen, subsection (4).

Sections twenty-nine and thirty; in section thirty-one, subsection (1).

In section two, in the proviso to subsection (1), paragraph (a), and in paragraph (b) the word 44 but * and sub-paragraph (ii); and in section three, paragraph (c) of subsection (1) and sub-sections (5) to (7)

too

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

mds Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845 cquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919

ines (Working Facilities and Support) Act, 1923 estriedon of Ribbon Development Act, 1935 ...

ompensation (Defence) Act, 1939

ational Loans Act, 1939

far Damage Act, 1943

own and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1945

ew Towns Act, 1946

ational Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 ...

ransport Act, 1947

own and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 equisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1948 ...

ompanies Act, 1948

mds Tribunal Act, 1949

8 & 9 Vict c. 19.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.C.57.

13 A 14 Geo. 5. c. 20. 25 A 26 Geo. 5.C.47.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 75.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 117.

6 A 7 Geo. 6. c. 21.

8 A 9 Geo. 6. c. 33.

9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 68.

10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 27. 10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 49.

10 A 11 Geo. 6. c. 53.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 17. 11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 38. 12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6.

c. 42.

ousing (Scotland) Act, 1950 [ineral Workings Act, 1951 own and Country Planning Act, 1953 own and Country Planning Act, 1954

14 Geo. 6. c. 34.

14 A 15 Geo. 6. c. 60.

1 A 2 Eliz. 2. c. 16.

2 A 3 Eliz. 2. c. 72.

1179

Section 70.

1180

Ch. 1

National Insurance , 1954

3 Eijz.2

3 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 1

National Insurance , 1954

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Higher rates, etc., of contributions and benefit under Industrial Injuries

Act.

2. Higher rates, etc., of contributions and benefit under Nation]

Insurance Act, 1946, and additional contributions from Exchequer.

3. Consequential amendments.

4. Supplementary provisions as to certain classes of persons.

5. Provisions as to appointed day.

6. Effect of awards made before, or in respect of the period begnumg

before, appointed or prescribed day.

7. Special transitional provisions as to maternity grant and home confine-

ment grant.

8. Expenses.

9. Regulations.

10. Short title, construction, citation and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Table to be substituted in Part I of Second Schedule to Industrial Injuries Act.

Second Schedule—Amendments of Benefit Provisions of Industrial Injuries Act.

Third Schedule—Provisions to be substituted in First Schedule to National Insurance Act, 1946.

Contribution Rates.

Part I—Employed Persons.

Part II—Employers.

Part III—Self-Employed Persons.

Part IV—Non-Employed Persons.

Part V—Exchequer Supplement.

Fourth Schedule—Provisions to be substituted in Second Schedule to National Insurance Act, 1946.

Part I—Rates of Periodical Benefits and of Increases for Dependants.

Part II—Amount of Grants.

Fifth Schedule—Consequential Amendments of Industrial Injuries Act, National Insurance Act, 1946, National Insurance Act, 1951, and National Insurance Act, 1953.

1954

National Insurance , 1954

Ch. 1

1181

An Act to increase contributions and benefit under the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts, 1946 to 1953, and the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1953, and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[22nd December, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) In Part I of the Second Schedule to the National Higher rates, Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946 (hereafter in this Act etc., of referred to as " the Industrial Injuries Act "), the table of rates of co5tK^on8 contributions set out in the First Schedule to this Act shall he^®0®61 substituted, as from the appointed day, for the table of rates of industrial contributions set out in the First Schedule to the Family Allow- injuries Act ances and National Insurance Act, 1952.

(2) The provisions of the Industrial Injuries Act specified in the first column of the Second Schedule to this Act (which relate to the rates and amounts of benefit described in the second column of that Schedule) shall be amended, as from the appointed day, by substituting for the words and figures set out in the third column of that Schedule the corresponding words and figures set out in the fourth.column thereof.

2.—(1) In the First Schedule to the National Insurance Act, Higher rates, 1946, the provisions set out in the Third Schedule to this Act etc., of (which relate to weekly rates of contributions payable by insured co°t"huhons persons and employers and the amounts of the Exchequer supple- JSde^adonal ment) shall be substituted, as from the appointed day, for the insurance provisions set out in the Third Schedule to the Family Allowances Act, 1946, and National Insurance Act, 1952. and additional

contributions

(2) In the National Insurance Act, 1946, the provisions set from out in the Fourth Schedule to this Act (which relate to rates and Exchequer, amounts of benefit) shall be substituted, as from the appointed day, for the provisions set out in the Second Schedule to that Act as amended by the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1952, and the National Insurance Act, 1953.

(3) The following contributions (additional to the Exchequer supplements) shall, in such manner and at such times as the Treasury may determine, be paid into the National Insurance Fund out of moneys provided by Parliament, namely—

(a) in respect of the period of five years beginning with the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, such

1182

Ch. 1

National Insurance , 1954

3Eul;

sums as the Treasury may determine not exceeding g all three hundred and twenty-five million pounds;

(b) in respect of any subsequent period, such sum x Parliament may hereafter determine.

Consequential 3. The provisions of the Industrial Injuries Act, the amendments. Insurance Act, 1946, the National Insurance Act, 1951, auife National Insurance Act, 1953, specified in the first column of & Fifth Schedule to this Act shall have effect, as from the appoias day, subject to the amendments specified in the second cobamr that Schedule, being amendments consequential on the am, ments made by the preceding provisions of this Act.

Supplementary provisions as to certain classes of persons.

4.—(1) Without prejudice to the generality of any power t make regulations under the National Insurance Act, 1946, & to the construction as one with that Act of the provisions of 4 Act relating thereto—

(a) the power conferred by subsection (2) of section m five of the National Insurance Act, 1946, to piesah modifications of, and additions and exceptions to, & foregoing provisions of that Act, in relation to ash contributors and existing beneficiaries, shall kfai power to prescribe, in relation to them, modifiers of, and additions and exertions to, any proviskal this Act relating to that Act, and such further modfo tions of, and additions and exceptions to, the forepq provisions of the National Insurance Act, 1946,asm appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient: consequence of any provision of this Act relating t that Act;

(6) the reference in subsection (2) of section seventy-one i the National Insurance Act, 1946 (which confers p to modify the foregoing sections of that Act in rdata to any entrants who are over school leaving age obis appointed day within the meaning of that Act), to h foregoing sections of that Act shall include a refer* to any provision of this Act relating to that Act;

(c) the power conferred by subsection (4) of section sixty* of the National Insurance Act, 1946, to make provisa by regulations for the modifying or winding up, e connection with the passing of that Act, of cote schemes shall include power to make such further provision therefor as appears to the authority by wise the power is exercisable to be necessary or expedient 3 consequence of any provision of this Act relating to th Act.

54

National Insurance Act, 1954

Ch. 1

1183

(2) Nothing in the provisions of this Act relating to retirement nsions shall be taken as affecting the provisions of section renty-four of the National Insurance Act, 1946, relating to n-contributory pensions.

5,—(1) In this Act the expression " the appointed day " means, Provisions as bject to the following provisions of this section, such day as to appointed e Minister may by order appoint, and different days may be day* •pointed for different purposes of this Act or for the same irpose in relation to different cases or classes of case.

(2) Any order under this section may, if the day thereby ^pointed is appointed for some only of the purposes of this ct or in relation only to some cases or classes of case, contain ich incidental or supplementary provisions as appear to the [mister to be necessary or expedient as respects the period or ly part of the period when this Act is to have a partial operation lly and, in particular, provisions modifying and supplementing,

. relation to the period to which the order is to apply, the provi-ons of this Act or any Act amended by this Act.

(3) The power to make orders under this section shall be tercisable by statutory instrument and shall include power to iry or revoke any order so made by a subsequent order.

6.—(1) Except in such cases as may be prescribed by regulations Effect of lade by the Minister, and subject to such conditions as may be so awards made rescribed, where an award of any benefit under the Industrial ijuries Act, or the National Insurance Act, 1946, is in force on SSpSiod le day appointed or prescribed for the payment of benefit of beginning le description to which the award relates at a higher weekly before, ite by virtue of this Act or any regulations made in consequence appointed or f this Act, the benefit shall, without any claim being made j£"cnbed lerefor, become payable, as from that day, at the higher weekly y* ite, and the award shall have effect accordingly.

(2) Where any such award as aforesaid—

(a) is made after a day has been appointed or prescribed for the payment of benefit of the description to which the award relates at a higher weekly rate, or within a higher maximum weekly rate, by virtue of this Act or any regulations made in consequence of this Act; and

(b) is made before that day,

tie award may provide for the benefit to be paid, as from that lay, at the higher weekly rate or, as the case may be, at any ireekly rate within the higher maximum rate.

1184

Ch. 1

National Insurance , 1954

3 Elk. 2

Special transitional provisions as to maternity grant and home

confinement

grant.

Expenses.

(3) The powers to make regulations under the preceding provisions of this section shall be exercised separately in relation to the Industrial Injuries Act and the National Insurance Act, 1946.

(4) Any regulations made in consequence of this Act varying the scale of disablement gratuities prescribed under subsection (6) of section twelve of the Industrial Injuries Act may provide that the scale as varied shall only apply in cases where the period taken into account by the assessment of the extent of the disablement in respect of which the gratuity is awarded begins or began after such day as may be prescribed.

7. Nothing in this Act shall affect the amount—

(a) of a maternity grant or home confinement grant in respect of a confinement occurring before the appointed day; or

(b) subject to the provisions of this section, of any maternity grant to which a woman has become entitled before the appointed day by virtue of regulations made under subsection (4) of section fourteen of the National Insurance Act, 1946, as set out in the First Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1953:

Provided that regulations made by the Minister may provide for increasing to ten pounds the amount of a maternity grant to which a woman has become entitled before the appointed day (whether payment has already been made or not) if the confinement in question has not occurred before the appointed day and her pregnancy has not been otherwise terminated before that day.

8. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parli* ment any increase in the sums payable out of moneys so provided under—

(a) paragraph (b) of section two or subsection (1) of section

sixty of the Industrial Injuries Act; or

(b) subsection (3) of section two of the National Insurance | Act, 1946 (as amended by section one of the National Insurance Act, 1951), or subsection (1) of section thirty-eight of the National Insurance Act, 1946,

which is attributable to any provision made by this Act for increasing any rates or amounts of contributions or benefits under the Industrial Injuries Act or the National Insurance Act, 1946.

1954

National Insurance Act, 1954

Ch. 1

1185

9. For the purposes— Regulations.

(a) of any provision of the Industrial Injuries Act relating to regulations under the Industrial Injuries Act;

(b) of any provision of the National Insurance Act, 1946, relating to regulations under the National Insurance Act, 1946; and

(c) of the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946,

regulations under this Act relating to the Industrial Injuries Act shall be treated as regulations under the Industrial Injuries Act and regulations under this Act relating to the National Insurance Act, 1946, shall be treated as regulations under the National Insurance Act, 1946.

10. —(1) This Act may be cited as the National Insurance Act, Short title,

1954. construction,

4 citation and

(2) This Act— extent-

(a) so far as it relates to the Industrial Injuries Act, shall be construed as one with that Act and may be cited together with the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts,

1946 to 1953, as the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts, 1946 to 1954; and

(b) so far as it relates to the National Insurance Act, 1946, shall be construed as one with that Act and may be cited together with the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1953, as the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1954.

(3) Without prejudice to the operation, in relation to any matters arising out of this Act, of any provision relating to Northern Ireland of the Industrial Injuries Act or the National Insurance Act, 1946, this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

2 P

1186

Ch. 1

National Insurance Act, 1954

3 Buz. 2

Section 1.

Section 1.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Table to bb substituted in Part I of Second Schedule to Industrial Injuries Act

Weekly Rates of Contributions Payable by Insured Persons and Employers

Class of insured person to whom rate applies Weekly rate of contribution

By the insured person By the employer

Men over the age of eighteen 5d. 6d

Women over the age of eighteen ... 3d. 4d-

Boys under the age of eighteen 3d. 3d

Girls under the age of eighteen 2d. 2d

SECOND SCHEDULE

Amendments of Benefit Provisions of Industrial Injuries Act

(The references to the various provisions are, except in the case of section 14 (1), references to those provisions as amended by tie Second Schedule to the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1952, and any other enactments specifically mentioned)

Provision of the 1946 Act Description of rates and amounts of benefit Existing rate or amount New rate or amount

Section 11 (3) Weekly rates of injury benefit— (a) for beneficiaries over 18 or with dependants, (o) for beneficiaries between 17 and 18 without dependants, (c) for beneficiaries under 17 without dependants. fifty-five shillings forty-one shillings and threepence twenty-seven shillings and sixpence • sixty-seven dnOoai and sixpence fifty «Hfl1ingt sad eightpeaoe thirty-three shilling and ninepence

Section 12 (6) Maximum amount of disablement gratuity for disablement of less than twenty per cent. one hundred and eighty-five pounds two hundred and twenty-five pounds

1954

National Insurance Act, 1954

Ch. 1

1187

Provision of the 1946 Act

Description of rates and amounts of benefit

Existing rate or amount

New rate or amount

rhird Schedule

Weekly rates of disablement pension for degrees of disablement of—

100 per cent.

55 fthillinga

67 shillings and 6

90 per cent

... 49 shillings and 6

pence 60 shillings and 9

80 per cent. 70 per cent

pence 44 shillings 38 shillings and 6

pence

54 shillings

47 shillings and 3

2nd Sch.

—cont.

60 per cent

pence 33 shillings

pence 40 shillings and 6

50 per cent. 40 pet cent.

... 27 shillings and 6 pence

... 22 shillings

pence 33 shillings and 9 pence 27 shillings

30 per cent. 20 per cent.

... 16 shillings and 6

pence ... 11 shillings

20 shillings and 3 pence 13 shillings and 6 pence

Section 13 (1)

Amounts by which weekly rates of disablement pension are increased on account of un-

employability—

(a) for beneficiaries over 18 or with

dependants,

(o) for beneficiaries under 18 without dependants.

thirty-tWO shillings

and sixpence twenty shillings

forty shillings twenty-three

shillings

Section 14 (1) (as amended by s. 1 of National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1948)%

Maximum amount of increase of weekly rate of disablement pension in cases of special hardship.

twenty shillings

twenty-seven shillings and sixpence

Section 15 (2)

Maximum amount of increase of weekly rate of disablement pension where constant attendance is needed—

(a) in cases other twenty-five shillings than those of exceptionally severe disablement,

(b) in cases of ex- fifty shillings ceptionally severe disablement

thirty shillings sixty shillings

2 P 2

1188

Ch. 1

National Insurance , 1954

2nd Sch.

—cont.

3 Elg

Provision of the 1946 Act Description of rates and amounts of benefit Existing rate or amount ^nteot

Section 17 (1) (as amended by s. 3 of National Insurance Act, 1951) Amount of increase of weekly rates of ipjury benefit or (in certain cases) disablement pension— (a) in respect of only, elder or eldest child, (б) in respect of each child other than the elder or eldest. ten shillings and sixpence two shillings and sixpence eleven dafaf, sixpence three ihflfap ( sixpence

Section 18 (1) Amount of increase of weekly rates of injury benefit or (in certain cases) disablement pension in respect of adult dependant twenty-one shillings and sixpence twenty-five

Section 19 (3) Weekly rate of widow’s pension payable in circumstances specified in the subsection. thirty-seven shilling* forty-five tfa

Section 19 (4) Maximum higher weekly rate of widow’s pension payable for prescribed period after deceased's death. forty-two shillings and sixpence fifty-five AA9

Section 20 (2) Weekly rate of widower's pension. thirty-seven shillings forty-five 4ah|

Section 21 (1) (as amended by section 3 of National Insurance Act, 1951) Weekly rate of death benefit— (a) in respect of only, elder or eldest child, (b) in respect of each child other than the elder or eldest. ten shilling* and sixpence two shillings and sixpence eleven ddnpa sixpence three ddfopa sixpence

54

National Insurance Act, 1954

Ch. 1

1189

THIRD SCHEDULE

OVISIONS TO BE SUBSTITUTED IN FIRST SCHEDULE TO NATIONAL

Insurance Act, 1946 Contribution Rates Part I Employed Persons

Description of employed person Weekly Rate of Contribution

en between the ages of 18 and 70 (not including men over the age of 65 who have retired from regular employment)— s. .

Earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding 30s 6 4

Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of 30s. or less ... • 3 8

omen between the ages of 18 and 65 (not including women over the age of 60 who have retired from regular employment)—

Earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding 30s 5 3

Barning remuneration at a weekly rate of 30s. or less 3 1

>ys under the age of 18 3 8

iris under the age of 18 3 1

For the purpose of this Part and Part II of this Schedule a person iall be deemed to be earning remuneration at a weekly rate of thirty killings or less if, but only u, his remuneration does not include the ‘ovision of board and lodging by the employer and the rate of the numeration does not exceed thirty shillings a week, and to be earning numeration at a weekly rate exceeding thirty shillings in any other ise.

Section 2.

1190

Ch. 1

National Insurance , 1954

3 Elk. 2

3rd Sch. —con/.

Part n

Employers

Description of employed person Weekly Rate of Contribution

Men over the age of 18— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding 30s. or not being liable to pay a contribution s. .

as an employed person Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of 30s. or less and being liable to pay a contribution as an 5 6

employed person Women over the age of 18— Earning remuneration at a weekly rate exceeding 30s. or not being liable to pay a contribution 8 2

as an employed person Earning remuneration at a weekly rate of 30s. or less and being liable to pay a contribution as an 4 7

employed person 6 9

Boys under the age of 18 3 3

Girls under the age of 18 2 8

For the purpose of this Part of this Schedule a person over pensionable age, not being an insured person, shall be treated as an employed person if he would be an insured person were he under pensionable age and would be an employed person were he an insured person.

Part m

Self-Employed Persons

Description of self-employed person Weekly Rate of Contribution

Men between the ages of 18 and 70 (not including men over the age of 65 who have retired from regular employment) s. . 8 5

Women between the ages of 18 and 65 (not including women over the age of 60 who have retired from regular employment) 7 2

Boys under the age of 18 4 10

Girls under the age of 18 4 3

1954

National Insurance Act, 1954

Ch. 1

1191

Part IV Non-Employed Persons

Description of non-employed person Weekly Rate of Contribution

s. .

Men between the ages of 18 and 65 6 6

Women between the ages of 18 and 60 5 2

Boys under the age of 18 3 9

Girls under the age of 18 3 1

Part V Exchequer Supplement

Description

Amount of Supplement

of person by or in respect of whom contribution is paid For contribution as employed person For employer’s contribution For contribution as self-employed person For contribution as non-employed person

Men over the age s. <L s. .

of 18 11 11 2 6 1 10

Women over the

age of 18 9 9 2 2 1 6

Boys under the age

of 18 6 6 1 5* 1 1

Girls under the age

of 18 5 5 1 3 1<H

3rd Sch.

—com.

1192

Section 2.

i

Ch. 1 National Insurance 1954 3 Euz.I

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Provisions to be substituted in Second Schedule to National Insurance Act, 1946

Part I

Rates of Periodical Benefits and of Increases for Defendants

Description of benefit

1. Unemployment benefit—

(a) in file case of a person over the age of eighteen, not being a married woman

(h) in the case of a person under the age of eighteen, not being a married woman—

(i) during any period during

which that parson is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of a child or adult dependant

(ii) during any other period

(c) in the case of a married woman over the age of eighteen—

(i) during any period during

which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of her husband, or during which she is not residing with and is unable to obtain any financial assistance from her husband

(ii) during any other period

()in the case of a married

woman under the age of eighteen—

(0 during any period during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of her husband, or during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of a child or an adult dependant other than her husband and she is not residing with and is unable to obtain any financial assistance from her husband

Weekly rate Increase for only child or elder or eldest child (where payable) Increase for each Inert* | foradnb

child (where payable) (where payable) 1

s. . s. . s. . s. <L

40 0 11 6 3 6 25 0

40 0 11 6 3 6 25 0

23 0

40 0 11 6 3 6 25 0

30 0 11 6 3 6 25 0

40 0 11 6 3 6 25 0

954

National Insurance , 1954

Ch. 1

1193

Description of benefit Weekly rate Increase for only child or elder or eldest child (where payable) Increase for each additional child (where payable) Increase for adult dependant (where payable)

(ii) during any other period during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of a child or adult depend- s. . 8. . s. . s. .

ant 30 0 11 6 3 6 25 0

(iii) during any other period . Sickness benefit— (a )in the case of a person over he age of eighteen, not being a 23 0

carried woman (b) in the case of a person inder the age of eighteen, not leing a married woman— (i) during any period during which that person is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of a child or adult depend- 40 0 11 6 3 6 25 0

ant 40 0 11 6 3 6 25 0

(ii) during any other period (c) in the case of a married voman over the age of eighteen— (i) during any period during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of her husband, or during which she is not residing with and is unable to obtain any financial assistance from 23 0

her husband 40 0 11 6 3 6 25 0

(ii) during any other period ()in the case of a married woman under the age of eighteen— (i) during any period during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of her husband, or during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of a child or an adult dependant other than her husband and she is hot residing with and is unable to obtain any financial assistance from 25 0 11 6 3 6 25 0

her husband 40 0 11 6 3 6 25 0

4th Sch. —cont.

1194

Ch. 1

National Insurance Act, 1954

3 Eliz. 2

4th Sch.

—cont.

Description of benefit Weekly rate Increase for only child or elder or eldest child (where payable) Increase for each additional child (where payable) Increase for adult dependant (where payable)

(ii) during any other period during which she is entitled to an increase of benefit in respect of a child or adult depend- s. . 8. . s. . s. .

ant 25 0 11 6 3 6 25 0

(iii) during any other period 23 0 — — —

3. Maternity allowance 40 0 11 6 3 6 25 0

4. Widow’s allowance 55 0 11 6 3 6 —

5. Widowed mother’s allowance 51 6 — 3 6 —

6. Widow’s pension 40 0 — — —

7. Guardian’s allowance 8. Retirement pension— (a) where the pension is payable to a woman by virtue of her husband’s insurance and he is 18 0

alive 25 0 11 6 3 6 —

(b) in any other case 40 0 11 6 3 6 1 25 0

Note.—The increases of maternity allowance specified in the third, fourth and fifth columns above apply only in so far as provided for by regulations under section eight of the National Insurance Act, 1953.

Part n

Amount of Grants

Description of Grant Amount

£ s. .

1. Maternity grant 10 0 0

2. Home confinement grant 4 0 0

3. Death grant, where the person in respect of whose

death the grant is paid was at his death—

(a) under the age of three 6 0 0

(b) between the ages of three and six 10 0 0

(c) between the ages of six and eighteen 15 0 0

() over the age of eighteen 20 0 0

[954

National Insurance , 1954

Ch. 1

1195

FIFTH SCHEDULE

Consequential Amendments of Industrial Injuries Act, National Insurance Act, 1946, National Insurance Act, 1951, and National Insurance Act, 1953

Amended Provision

Amendment

Industrial Injuries Act-Section 14

In subsection (3) (as set out in the Schedule to the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1948 and amended by the Fifth Schedule to the Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1952), for the words 44 fifty-five shillings " there shall be substituted the words 44 sixty-

Section 29 ...

Section 30 ...

Fourth Schedule

seven shillings and sixpence*.

... In paragraph (a) of subsection (1) (as amended by the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1948 and the said Fifth Schedule) for the words 44fifty-five shillings* in both places where those words occur, there shall be substituted the words " sixty-seven shillings and sixpence *; for the words " forty-one shillings and threepence * there shall be substituted the words " fifty shillings and eightpence *; and for the words " twenty-seven shillings and sixpence * there shall be substituted the words " thirty-three shillings and ninepence *.

... In subsection (2) (as amended by the Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1951 and the said Fifth Schedule) for the words " ten shillings and sixpence* there shall be substituted the words " eleven shillings and sixpence *’.

... In paragraph 1 (as amended by the Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1951, and the said Fifth Schedule), in sub-paragraph (1) for the words "ten shillings and sixpence* and the words " two shillings and sixpence * there shall be substituted respectively the words " eleven shillings and sixpence * and the words " three shillings and sixpence *, and in sub-paragraph (2) for the words " ten shillings and sixpence * there shall be substituted the words " eleven

National Insurance Act, 1946-Section 17

Section 23

shillings and sixpence *.

In subsection (3) (as set out in section two of the National Insurance Act, 1951 and amended by the said Fifth Schedule) for the words " thirty-two shillings and sixpence * there shall be substituted the words " forty shillings " and for the words 44 forty-three shillings* there shall be substituted the words " fifty-one shillings and sixpence *.

In paragraph (6)4of subsection (3) (as set out in the Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1951 and amended by the said Fifth Schedule) for the words "ten shillings and sixpence* there shall be substituted the words " eleven shillings and sixpence*, and for the words 44 two shillings and sixpence * there shall be substituted the words 44 three shillings and sixpence ".

Section 3.

1196

Ch. 1

National Insurance , 1954

3 Eliz. 2

5th Sch.

—COM.

Amended Provision

Amendment

Section 26 ...

National Insurance Act, 1951-Section 2

National Insurance Act, 1953-

In subsection (1) (as amended by the said Fiftt Schedule) for the words " thirty-two shillings and sixpence " there shall be substituted the words "forty shillings'*.

In subsection (2) for the words " two shillings and sixpence '* there shall be substituted the words " three shillings and sixpence

Section 1 Section 4 Section 6 Section 8

Second Schedule

Subsection (2) shall cease to have effect Subsection (2) shall cease to have effect Subsection (2) shall cease to have effect In subsection (3) for the words " ten shillings and sixpence * there shall be substituted the words " eleven shillings and sixpence ", for the words " two shillings and sixpence " there shall be substituted the words "three shillings and sixpence", and for the words "twenty-one shillings and sixpence" there shall be substituted the words " twenty-five shillings Regulations under paragraph 8 may provide that, in such circumstances as may be specified in the regulations, the old provisions shall have effect as if the weekly rate of the maternity allowance provided for by the Second Schedule to the National Insurance Act, 1946, had been forty shillings instead of thirty-six shillings; and, in paragraph 10, for the words " thirty-two shillings and sixpence" there shall be substituted the words "forty shillings".

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short title Session and Chapter

Statutory Instruments Act, 1946 National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946 National Insurance Act, 1946 National Insurance Act, 1951 Family Allowances and National Insurance Act, 1952 National Insurance Act, 1953 c 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 62. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 67. 14 A 15 Geo. 6. c. 34. 15 A 16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 29. 1 A 2 Eliz. 2. c. 29.

1954

Wireless Telegraphy (Validation of Charges) , 1954

Ch. 2

1197

CHAPTER 2

An Act to validate certain charges in respect of licences under the Wireless Telegraphy Acts, 1904 to 1926, and for purposes connected with the matter aforesaid.

[22nd December, 1954]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Where before the passing of this Act a payment was validation received by the Postmaster-General as being money payable in of charges respect of the grant, renewal or variation of a licence under the for wireless Wireless Telegraphy Acts, 1904 to 1926 (in this Act referred tollocnces-as " the former Acts "), or otherwise as being money payable under such a licence, and the payment was not one which the Postmaster-General was authorised to require by virtue of those Acts, the payment shall be deemed to have been lawfully required and reoeived by the Postmaster-General by virtue of those Acts.

(2) The preceding subsection shall have effect for the purposes of any proceedings begun on or after the eleventh day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, whether before or after the passing of this Act, but shall not affect any proceedings begun before that day.

(3) Where any proceedings have been begun on or after the eleventh day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, and a final order has been made in the proceedings before the passing of this Act, then if, on the application of a party to those proceedings, the court by which the order was made determines that the order would not have been made if this Act had been in operation when the proceedings were begun, the court shall rescind the order, and, if any sum has been paid thereunder before the rescission takes effect, shall make an order directing die sum to be repaid.

(4) Where a sum—

(a) was expressed, in a licence issued under the former Acts, or in a licence as re-issued thereunder on a variation of the licence, to be payable on a date falling within the period beginning with the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, and ending with the thirty-first day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, or

﻿1198

Short title and extent

Ch. 2 Wireless Telegraphy 3 Euz2

(Validation of Charges) Act, 1954

(b) was expressed to be payable in a notification to the licensee renewing such a licence on a date within that period,

and the sum (whether expressed to be payable unconditionally or subject to any question as to its being authorised by virtue of the former Acts) is not one which the Postmaster-General was authorised to require by virtue of those Acts, then if payment of the sum (in so far as it remains unpaid) is required by or on behalf of the Postmaster-General after the passing of this Act, it shall be deemed to be lawfully required, and the sum (or, as the case may be, the unpaid balance thereof) shall be recoverable by the Crown accordingly.

(5) In this Act " order " includes a judgment and a decree, and references to the making of an order shall be construed accordingly.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Wireless Telegraphy (Validation of Charges) Act, 1954.

(2) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall extend to the Channel Islands, and the Royal Courts of the Channel Islands shall register this Act accordingly.

(4) This Act shall extend to the Isle of Man.

TABLE HI

CHRONOLOGICAL LIST OF THE MEASURES

Passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England which rbcbived the Royal Assent during the year 1954

2 A3 But. 2

No. 1. New Housing Areas (Church Buildings) Measure, 1954, p. ii.

No. 2. Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944 (Amendment) Measure, 1954, p. iv.

No. 3. Cathedrals (Grants) Measure, 1954, p. v.

No. 4. Clergy Pensions Measure, 1954, p. vi.

*0

Grants or loans in respect of church buildings in certain areas,

No. 1 New Housing Areas 2 & 3 2

(< Church Buildings); 1954

2 & 3 ELIZ. 2.

No. 1

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To enable the'Church Commissioners to make grants or loans in respect of church buildings in certain areas, having regard to recent housing development in those areas ana the absence or insufficiency of suitable church buildings therein.

[18th March, 1954]

1.—(1) Where in the case of any area it appears to the Church Commissioners (in this Measure referred to as " the Commit sioners "), having regard to recent housing development in the area, that the area is not sufficiently provided with suitable church buildings of any description, and that it is expedient for the Commissioners to exercise their powers under this Measure, the Commissioners shall have power, subject to the provisions of this section, to make payments, whether by way of grant or loan, for or towards the provision in that area of one or more church buildings of the description in question.

(2) The Commissioners shall not exercise their powers under this Measure in respect of the provision of a church building except on receipt of a request in writing made by or on behalf of the pastoral committee of the diocese in which the building is to be provided, being a request made with the concurrence in writing of the bishop of the diocese:

Provided that the diocesan conference of the diocese may designate a committee other than the pastoral committee to act under this subsection in place of the pastoral committee.

(3) Any payment made by the Commissioners in the exercise of their powers under this Measure shall be made out of their general fund, and shall be made to such person or body of persons, and on such terms and conditions, as the Commissioners may think proper having regard to the circumstances in which the payment is made.

(4) Without prejudice to the generality of the last preceding subsection, any payment made as aforesaid by way of loan may be made repayable by instalments or otherwise, and either free of interest or subject to the payment of interest at such rate as the Commissioners may think proper.

1954

New Housing Areas

(Church Buildings) , 1954

No. 1

iii

(5) In this section references to the provision of church buildings shall be construed as references to all or any of the following, that is to say, the acquisition of sites for church buildings, the erection of church buildings, the acquisition of church buildings or of any interest therein, the enlargement or improvement of church buildings, and the conversion or adaptation of any building so as to make it suitable for a church building.

(6) In this section the expression "recent housing development," in relation to an area, means the provision of new dwellings in that area after the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-five on such a scale as, in the opinion of the Commissioners, to have resulted in a substantial increase since that day in the resident population of the area, the expression " building " includes a structure of any description, and the expression " church building " means any building used or to be used wholly or mainly for purposes connected with the Church of England:

Provided that where new dwellings were provided in an area in the period of three years ending with the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, on such a scale as, in the opinion of the Commissioners, to have resulted in a substantial increase during that period in the resident population of the area, and the Commissioners are satisfied that the insufficiency of church buildings in question is attributable wholly or mainly to circumstances arising out of the state of war which existed after the end of that period, the Commissioners may in their discretion treat that provision of new dwellings as constituting recent housing development in that area.

(7) Nothing in this section shall be construed as derogating from any powers exercisable by the Commissioners apart from this section.

2. Section one of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Repeal of Measure, 1936 (which, as amended by the Church Commissioners 26 Geo. 5. & Measure, 1947, conferred on the Commissioners temporary ir^'* 8\ powers to make grants towards the payment of interest on loans 5o°i ikjoo. 6. for providing churches and other buildings) is hereby repealed, no. 2.

3. This Measure may be cited as the New Housing Areas Short title. (Church Buildings) Measure, 1954.

Amendment of s. 38 (1) of the

Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944.

Amendment of s* 57 (2) of the same Measure.

Interpretation.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. No. 1.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. No. 5.

No. 2 Reorganisation Areas 2 & 3 Em.

Measure, 1944 (Amendment) , 1954

No. 2

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of i Church of England

To amend the provisions of the Reorganisation An Measures, 1944 and 1949, by extending the period restriction of the exercise of patronage and the peri within which proposals for reorganisation seta; may be received.

[18th March, 195

1. The following paragraphs shall be substituted for paragrz?

(a) and (b) of the proviso to sub-section (1) of section thirty-^ of the Measure of 1944 (as amended by section one of the Meaa of 1949):—

" (a) a restriction imposed by this section shall cease to I operative upon the expiration of thirteen years front passing of this Measure;

(b) the period between the receipt by the patron of tj notice and the giving of consent by the bishop, or c expiration of the said term of thirteen years, whiefo first occurs, shall not be reckoned for the purpose' lapse; and"

2. The following sub-section shall be substituted for sb section (2) of section fifty-seven of the Measure of 1944:—

" (2) The Commissioners shall not entertain proposals f: the formation of a reorganisation area unless dm proposals are received by them before the expinin of seven years from the passing of this Measure, c they shall not entertain proposals for a reorganise* scheme unless those proposals are received by tbs before the expiration of thirteen years from the pasea of this Measure;

Provided that in this sub-section the express * reorganisation scheme9 does not include a suppk mentary scheme."

3. In this Measure—

the expression " the Measure of 1944 " means the Reorpa sation Areas Measure, 1944; and the expression utb Measure of 1949 " means the Reorganisation Am Measure, 1944 (Amendment) Measure, 1949.

Cathedrals (Grants) 1954

No. 3

v

?54

4. The Measure of 1949 is hereby repealed. Repeal.

5. —(1) This Measure may be cited as the Reorganisation short title, reas Measure, 1944 (Amendment) Measure, 1954, and this citation and [easure and the Measure of 1944 may be cited together as the construction, ©organisation Areas Measures, 1944 and 1954.

(2) This Measure shall be construed as one with the Measure f 1944.

No. 3

l MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

'o enable grants to be made directly to deans, provosts and canons residentiary under section twenty of the Cathedrals Measure, 1931.

[18th March, 1954]

1. The power contained in section twenty of the Cathedrals Extension of [easure, 1931, of making grants for the benefit of any cathedral power eon-lurch to which that Measure applies shall be construed as

eluding a power to make grants directly to any dean, provost No 7 s 20i 5 r canon residentiary of any such cathedral church, and so that ly such grant shall not be deemed to form part of the revenues ? the cathedral church.

2. This Measure may be cited as the Cathedrals (Grants) Short title, [easure, 1954.

2 Q 2

vi

No. 4

Clergy Pensions Measure, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 1

No. 4

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To provide for making the general fund of the Quinj Commissioners the source of pensions to Gergy aa thereby increasing such pensions, and making thong longer contributory where they have been so, and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid

[30th July, 1954

Changes in provision for pensions to Clergy

Preliminary. 1. The provisions of this Measure shall have effect for (instituting the general fund of the Church Commissioners for & Gergy Pensions Fund as the source of payment of pensions« retirement to clerks in Holy Orders, being—

(a) pensions for which provision is made by the Clap

Pensions Measure, 1948 (hereinafter referred to as11 it 1948 Measure ") or

(b) pensions for which provision is made by the Cop Pensions (Older Incumbents) Measure, 1930 (both after referred to as "the 1930 Measure "), in so k as under that Measure the pensions are payable by & Pensions Board,

and for making the following changes in the provision for sod pensions made by those Measures, that is to say—

(i) increase of the rates of pensions payable under secth

five or section seventeen of the 1948 Measure, and i pensions payable under the 1930 Measure,

(ii) removal of limitations on powers to grant mcreajaor

supplements to certain pensioners, and

(iii) cesser of the obligations to make contributions import by die 1948 Measure on clerks therein referred tots compulsory contributors (as Class A contributors their ordination was before the commencement of the Measure, and as Gass B contributors if it was ifim except so far as the obligations are related to peak* for widows, dependants or children.

le

>54

Clergy Pensions , 1954

No. 4

vii

2.—(1) On the passing of this Measure section forty-four pensions to f the 1948 Measure (which specifies the sources from which Clergy to be loneys required for the pensions therein mentioned are to be Pjjd by the erived) shall cease to have effect.

(2) From the passing of this Measure the Church Commis- out of oners, instead of the Pensions Board, shall be under all the 8608181 bligations to make payments, and have all the powers to make ayments, which are imposed or conferred by or by virtue of ny of the following provisions as obligations or powers of the ensions Authority (which Authority is, by definition in the leasures of 1948 and 1930 and apart from this Measure, the ensions Board for all purposes), that is to say—

(a) Part I of the 1948 Measure, so far as it creates any entitlement to receive, or power to pay, any pension or part of a pension, any augmentation of a pension, or any sums calculated by reference to contributions paid;

(b) section seventeen thereof;

(c) section twenty-four thereof;

(d) section twenty-six thereof, so far as it confers power to apply any of the above-mentioned provisions;

(e) the Sixth Schedule thereto; and

(/) sections three to six of the 1930 Measure;

nd the general fund of the Church Commissioners shall be tie source for the making of all payments to be made in dis-harge of those obligations or in exercise of those powers.

(3) Nothing in the last preceding subsection shall affect the peration of section thirty-nine of the 1948 Measure (which pecifies the functions of the Pensions Board and provides for tie control and administration by them of the system of pensions stablished by that Measure), and, accordingly, in the case of power to make payments, whilst any payment to be made in xercise thereof shall be made by the Church Commissioners any ecision whether it is to be exercised shall be made by the loard (subject to section fifty-two of the 1948 Measure).

(4) Subsection (2) of this section shall have effect also as reports obligations or powers to make or receive payments pay-ble or receivable under any such reciprocal arrangements as re mentioned in sections fifty and fifty-one of the 1948 Measure, s it has effect as respects obligations or powers to make such ayments as are mentioned in the said subsection (2), but without •rejudice to the power of the Pensions Board to enter into eciprocal arrangements under those sections, to carry those actions into effect, and to render payments payable or receivable nder reciprocal arrangements entered into under either of those ections:

2 Q 3

viii

No. 4

Clergy Pensions Measure, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Provided that subsection (3) of the said section fifty and subsection (3) of the said section fifty-one (each of which subsections provides for the prescribing of regulations by the Pensions Board for the carrying into effect of those sections respectively) shall cease to have effect.

(5) The Church Commissioners may, after consultation with the Board, give to the Board directions of a general character as to the exercise and performance by the Board of their functions, being directions which appear to the Commissioners to be requisite or expedient for securing a due balance between the amounts respectively of the liability imposed on their general fund 'by this section on the one hand and the resources of that fund available for meeting the liability on the other hand, and the Board shall give effect to any such directions.

Increase of the rates of pensions under ss. 5 and 17 of the 1948 Measure, and of pensions under the 1930 Measure.

3.—(1) Every pension payable under section five of the 1948 Measure to a pensioner who has been a Class A contributor, or under section seventeen thereof to a pensioner who has been a Class B contributor, shall, as respects pension accrued or accruing on or after the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, be paid at the rate applicable to him under the Rules contained in the First Schedule to this Measure.

In this subsection and elsewhere in this Measure the expressions "Class A contributor" and "Class B contributor" are to be construed with reference to section seventeen of fins Measure.

(2) The Church Commissioners shall have power to direct either on one occasion or on successive occasions, that the table in Rule 1 contained in the First Schedule to this Measure shall be altered—

(a) so as to increase the figure which is that at the bottom

of column A of that table, whether being the figure stated in this Measure or that figure as altered or last altered as the case may be, and

(b) so as to increase the other figures in the said column A

as appears to them to be required in consequence of the alteration under the preceding paragraph;

and, where such a direction is given, the preceding subsection shall have effect by reference to the said table as thereby altered, as respects pension accrued or accruing on or after such day (whether that on which the direction is given or an earlier or later day) as may be specified therein.

(3) The preceding subsections shall have effect, as respects pension accrued or accruing as therein mentioned, in substitution for section six of the 1948 Measure and for section eighteen

1954

Clergy Pensions , 1954

No. 4

ix

thereof, so far as they specify rate and without prejudice to the provisos to those sections (which relate, in the case of the former, to a power of increase, and, in the case of each, to a pensioner dying within twelve months of his entering upon his pension).

(4) The Church Commissioners shall further have power to give, either on one occasion or on successive occasions, directions for increasing the rates of pensions to which rights are conferred by the 1930 Measure so far as such pensions are payable out of their general fund, whether by altering figures specified in section three or section four of that Measure or by other alteration of that Measure.

A direction given under this subsection shall have effect as respects pensions accrued or accruing on or after such day (whether that on which the direction is given or an earlier or later day) as may be specified therein.

(5) Without prejudice to any other power conferred on them by this section the Church Commissioners may, with the concurrence of the Pensions Board, at any time authorise that Board to grant a pension to any clerk in Holy Orders additional to any pension directed by this Measure or by the 1948 Measure or by the 1930 Measure to be payable, and such authorisation may apply to all pensioners, to any class of pensioner, or to any individual pensioner.

(6) Such amount as represents an excess of pension accrued on or after the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, and before the passing of this Measure at the rate fixed by this section over pension so accrued at the rate as fixed by the 1948 Measure shall be payable as soon after the passing of this Measure as the amount of the excess has been ascertained, but not earlier than the first of the days fixed by section thirty-three of the 1948 Measure for the payment of instalments of pensions which occurs after the passing of this Measure.

If a direction is given by the Church Commissioners under this section specifying a date of accruer earlier than that on which the direction is given, the preceding provisions of this subsection shall have effect in like manner with the requisite adaptations.

4.—(1) The power conferred on the Pensions Board by the Removal of first proviso to section six of the 1948 Measure to grant an limitations on increase of a pension payable under section five thereof in a P^)0^ant case of retirement before the age of seventy shall be exercisable supplements free from the limitation imposed by paragraph (a) of that proviso to certain (which relates to the availability in any given case of the funds pensioners, to which apart from this Measure resort would be necessary), and accordingly the said paragraph is hereby repealed.

(2) The duty imposed on the Pensions Board by the Sixth Schedule to the 1948 Measure to grant a pension supplementary

X

No. 4

Clergy Pensions Measure, 1954 2 & 3 Em 2

to a pension payable under section five thereof, or under Pan V thereof, or under the 1930 Measure, in the circumstances motioned in the said Schedule (which are those of peaaoocn ordained before the commencement of the 1948 Measure, or within the operation of the 1930 Measure, whose total moot* is estimated to be less than two hundred and fifty pounds) dtaI be discharged free from the limitations imposed by the prows to paragraph 3 of that Schedule (which relate to priority ok supplementary pensions under that Schedule for other pennon under the 1948 Measure, and to a maximum aggregate arnocr permissible for such supplementary pensions).

Accordingly the said paragraph 3, and subparagraph (£) paragraph 4 of the said Schedule (which relates to the muse of abating a supplementary pension in order to give effect to tk said limitations), are hereby repealed.

(3) The amount of any increase of a pension payable node section five of the 1948 Measure for any period which resc from subsection (1) of the last preceding section of this Mean* or from the giving of a direction by the Church Commissioaeo under subsection (2) of that section, or from any exercise the power given to the Church Commissioners, by subsection *5 of that section, shall be taken to be a satisfaction or part safe-faction (as the case may be) of what would otherwise have bee payable to the pensioner for that period by reason of—

(a) any grant made before the passing of this Measure an increase of a pension payable under section five r the 1948 Measure or of a supplementary pension unde section forty-nine of the 1948 Measure, or

(b) any augmentation of a pension made under sectc eight of the 1948 Measure, whether made before <r after the passing of this Measure,

unless in any particular case or class of cases the Peruke Board with the concurrence of the Church Commissioners sta otherwise determine.

Cesser of contributions under obligations related to pensions under ss. 5 and 17 of the 1948 Measure.

5.—(1) No contribution shall be payable under section sere of the 1948 Measure (which imposes in the case of Class A contributors an obligation to make contributions which is relate to pensions for such contributors themselves) in respect of tk year nineteen hundred and fifty-five or any subsequent year.

(2) The rate of a contribution under section twenty of!k 1948 Measure (which imposes in the case of Class B contributor an obligation to make contributions which is related bod to pensions for such contributors themselves and also to penska for their widows and children) shall, for the purpose of securiig that there shall be no such obligation related to pensions for

954

Clergy Pensions , 1954

No. 4

XL

uch contributors themselves in respect of the year nineteen tundred and fifty-five or any subsequent year, be reduced in he case of contributions under that section in respect of that ind each subsequent year as provided by section seven of this Measure.

(3) As regards contributions by a voluntary contributor (that s to say, by definition in section three of the 1948 Measure, i bishop, priest or deacon engaged in ecclesiastical, educational, charitable or other public work who has been but has ceased o be a compulsory contributor)—

(a) where provision for payment of contributions by a voluntary contributor has been made before the passing of this Measure by agreement with him under section twenty-six of the 1948 Measure, he shall be entitled to revision of the agreement, in such way as may be requisite for bringing it into accord with subsection (1) of this section or with subsection (2) thereof; and

(b) after the passing of this Measure an agreement under

the said section twenty-six for applying the 1948 Measure to a voluntary contributor, and in particular for the payment to him of a pension at die rate which would have been payable had he continued to be a compulsory contributor, may be made with him by the Pensions Board, notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) of that section (which requires every voluntary contributor to pay contributions as provided by his agreement with the Board), without its providing for any obligation on him to pay contributions which would be related to a pension for the voluntary contributor himself.

(4) Notwithstanding the cesser of contributions provided for by this Measure, the Pensions Board shall have power to enter into an agreement with any clergyman, under which, upon payment of a sum or sums of money, any period of his service may be counted as a qualifying period of pensionable service.

Consequential adjustments as to contributions under obligations related to pensions for ,

dependants and children

6.—(1) A compulsory contributor under Part II of the 1948 Measure shall, as from the date upon which that Part became or becomes applicable to him until he reaches the age of seventy years, be liable to make contributions, of an amount determined by his age at the date upon which that Part became or becomes applicable to him in accordance with the table contained in Part I of the Fourth Schedule to that Measure and the notes thereto.

Amendment of formas to contributions under Part II of the 1948 Measure.

xii No. 4 Clergy Pensions; 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Amount of contribution under s. 20 of the 1948 Measure.

(2) Hie preceding subsection shall have effect as regards contributions in respect of the year nineteen hundred and fifty-five and each subsequent year, and shall so have effect in substitution for subsection (1) of section eleven of the 1948 Measure (which imposes the same obligation to make contributions, but in the form of an increase of other contributions), other than the proviso to the said subsection (1) (which relates to revision of the said table and shall apply to subsection (I) of this section).

(3) References in sections eleven and sixteen of, and the Fourth Schedule to, the 1948 Measure to increase of contribution shall be construed as including references to contribution payable under subsection (1) of this section.

7. The contributions which a Class B contributor is required by section twenty of the 1948 Measure to pay yearly shall as regards contributions in respect of the year nineteen hundred and fifty-five and each subsequent year, be, in lieu of contributions at the rate specified in that section of one shilling for every complete pound of his assessable income, contributions at the rates specified in the Second Schedule to this Measure and the collection thereof shall as respects contributions in respect of these years be effected in accordance with the provisions of the same Schedule and the conditions as to benefits contained in the same Schedule shall apply.

Financial provisions consequential on the Church Commissioners' General Fund becoming the source of pensions to Clergy

Transfer to 8. On such day as may be agreed between the Pensions Board the Church and the Church Commissioners to be the earliest day practicable "8" for that purpose, and notified by the Commissioners to be the the Clergy day so agreed by publication in the London Gazette, the Board Pensions Fund, shall pay to the Commissioners all moneys standing to the credit of the Clergy Pensions Fund, and all investments and other property standing to the credit of that Fund shall vest in the Commissioners.

Moneys 9.—(1) Immediately after there have been paid to the Pen-

received by sions Board any contributions, being contributions in respect of year n^neteen hundred and fifty-four or any earlier year, are to be paid under section seven or section twenty of the 1948 Measure or to the Church under either of those sections as applied by section twenty-six Commissioners, thereof, the Board shall pay to the Church Commissioners a sum equal to the amount of such contributions paid to the Board.

(2) The Board shall also, immediately after there have been paid to them any moneys other than such contributions as aforesaid, being moneys paid on or after the day notified as mentioned

ie

954

Clergy Pensions Measure, 1954

No. 4

xiii

n the last preceding section which apart from this Measure hey would he required to carry to the credit of the Clergy >ensions Fund and which are not part of or derived from moneys >r other assets which they are by section thirteen of this Measure equired to carry to the credit of the Fund mentioned in subsection (2)thereof, pay to the Commissioners a sum equal to he amount so paid to the Board.

10. From the passing of this Measure, the Church Com-The Church nissioners only shall be the authority to whom there may be p>mmissioners nade any payment authorised by subsection (5) of section authority to line of the 1948 Measure or toy subsection (3) of section twenty- y sight thereof (which subsections relate to repayment of sums paid repayments

>y way of return of contributions) or by subsection (1) (e) of of returns of lection twenty-nine thereof. contributions.

11. —(1) On the passing of this Measure there shall vest in Vesting in

he Church Commissioners all charges upon the revenues of the Church benefices which are charged in favour of the Pensions Board by ^mmissioners virtue of section eight of the 1948 Measure, or are vested in the °n

Board by virtue of section two of the 1930 Measure, and, for the

purposes of the operation of those sections after the passing of this Measure, references therein to the pensions authority as the authority in whose favour a charge upon such revenues is to be created, or in whom such a charge is tx> vest, shall be construed as references to the Commissioners.

(2) The Church Commissioners shall defray—

(a) the expenses mentioned in subsection (8) of section eight of the 1948 Measure (being expenses of commissions constituted under that section as if they were commissions under the Resignation Acts), and

(b) expenses incurred as mentioned in paragraph (x) of subsection (1) of section two of the 1930 Measure for carrying the provisions of the Resignation Acts into execution.

12. No sum shall be payable after the passing of this Measure Cesser of under either of the following provisions, that is to say— certain

section forty-five of the 1948 Measure (which requires an ^SaaS^for annual payment to be made by the Central Board the purposes of Finance of the Church Assembly for the purposes of of the 1948 the 1948 Measure), or Measure.

subsection (1) of section forty-six of that Measure (which requires an annual payment to be made by the Church Commissioners for those purposes).

xiv

No. 4

Clergy Pensions Measure, 1954 2 A 3 Elc. 2

Establishment of fund for meeting provisions of widows, etc.

Consequential financial provisions as to the Pensions Road

13.—(1) Subsection (1) * of section forty-one of the 19<ft Measure, which requires the Pensions Board to establish, contrei and manage the Clergy Pensions Fund, shall cease to have efea on the date notified under section eight of this Measure for fa payment to and vesting in the Church Commissioners of assej standing to the credit of that Fund, and in lieu thereof the sob sequent provisions of this section shall have effect

(2) As from the said date the Pensions Board shall estabfct oontrol and manage a Fund to he called the " Clergy (Wide* and Dependants) Pensions Fund ".

(3) The Pensions Board shall cause to be ascertained a* certified by an actuary, as soon as possible after the passq of this Measure, what amount will be sufficient together lift such contributions as, having regard to the provisions of fa Measure, are to be made in respect of the year nineteen hnubtc and fifty-five or any subsequent year, for discharging fa liabilities of the Board imposed by or under the fotiowia; sections of the 1948 Measure (which relate to benefits for widow dependants or children and are in this Measure referred to a " the 1948 dependants* provisions *) that is to say—

sections twelve to fifteen fin Part II thereof),

section nineteen (in Part III thereof),

sections twenty-two and twenty-three (being Part IV that-of) and

any of the said sections as applied by agreement made foe

the purposes of section twenty-six thereof.

(4) As soon as possible after the date notified as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section there shall be made availalfa to the Pensions Board by the Church Commissioners, in suck form as may be agreed between them, moneys, investment! or other property of an amount or value agreed by them to repraet in the aggregate the amount certified in accordance with fa last preceding subsection, and—

(a) the assets made available to the Board shall be carried

by the Board to the credit of the Clergy (Widows aid Dependants) Pensions Fund and shall constitute tte Fund initially, and

(b) the Board shall carry to the credit of that Fund all sod

contributions as are mentioned in the last preceding subsection and are received by them after the said date.

(5) As from the date notified as mentioned in subsection <1* I of this section all disbursements for the purposes of the 1948

1954

Clergy Pensions , 1954

No. 4

xv

dependants’ provisions shall be made out of the Clergy (Widows and Dependants) Pensions Fund.

(6) In relation to the Clergy (Widows and Dependants) Pensions Fund, section forty-eight of the 1948 Measure (which relates to surpluses or deficiencies shown on periodical audits and valuations) shall have effect subject to the following alterations, that is to say—

(a) a reference to the 1948 dependants’ provisions shall be

substituted for the reference to the 1948 Measure and the 1930 Measure, and the reference which is to persons to whom either of those Measures applies or widows, children or dependants of such persons shall be a reference limited to widows, children or dependants of such persons; and

(b) the provisos to the said section forty-eight shall not have effect

(7) In accordance with subsections (1) to (5) of this section—

(a) in the 1948 Measure (except in section forty-seven thereof) for references therein to the Clergy Pensions Fund (other than the references in the following sections that is to say—

Subsections (5) and (8) of section eight thereof;

Subsections (1) and (2) of section nine thereof;

which references are hereby repealed) there shall be substituted references to the Clergy (Widows and Dependants) Pensions Fund, and

(b) in paragraph id) of subsection (1) of section thirty-nine of the 1948 Measure (which confers a power on the Pensions Board to borrow for the purposes of that Measure) a reference to the purposes of the 1948 dependants* provisions shall be substituted for the reference to the purposes of the 1948 Measure generally.

(8) In paragraph (b) of subsection (1) and paragraph () of subsection (2) of section forty-seven of the 1948 Measure the obligations imposed on the Clergy Pensions Fund shall be transferred to the general fund of the Church Commissioners; and in subsections (3) and (4) of this same section (which relate to a surplus on an audit and valuation, or on a winding up or dissolution, of the Clergy Pensions Institution) for the references to a payment or transfer to the Pensions Board for the purposes of the 1948 Measure there shall be substituted references to a payment or transfer to the Clergy Pensions Augmentation Fund.

xvi

No. 4

Clergy Pensions Measure, 1954 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Provisions as to woiidng expenses, and officers and servants, of the Pensions Board.

Consequential amendments as to period of pensionable service.

14. —(1) Hie Church Commissioners shall defray out of their general fund—

(a) the working expenses of the Pensions Board, and

(b) the salaries or other remuneration of the officers and

servants of the Board.

This subsection shall come into operation on the passing of this Measure, and shall have effect as respects sums not then paid notwithstanding that the liability for payment thereof was incurred earlier.

(2) The Commissioners may, after consultation with the Board, give to the Board directions of a general character as to the incurring by the Board of working expenses, as to the employment by them of officers and servants, and as to the salaries or other remuneration of their officers and servants, in so far as it appears to the Commissioners that things done as to any of those matters will or may affect substantially the amount erf the liability imposed on their general fund thereby, and the Board shall give effect to any such directions.

(3) The Commissioners may out of their general fund pay compensation to any person who, being or having been an officer or servant of the Pensions Board, suffers any loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments or pension rights which appears to the Commissioners, after consultation with the Board, to be attributable to provisions of this Measure.

Consequential and minor provisions

15. —(1) In subsection (1) of section twenty-nine of the 1948 Measure die following words shall be added at the end of paragraph (c) (which provides for including in a qualifying period of pensionable service the period or periods after the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and twenty-six in respect of which a compulsory contributor has paid or become liable to pay contributions or instalments of contributions under that Measure), that is to say—

"or during which he has, on or after the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, been engaged in rendering ecclesiastical service, or has held an educational, charitable, or public post, in circumstances which brought him within the provisions of subsection (1) of section one of this Measure or during which he is entitled by agreement with the Pensions Authority to have his service counted as qualifying pensionable service without payment."

(2) The proviso to subsection (1) of section twenty-nine of the 1948 Measure (which enacts that no such period as is mentioned in any of the paragraphs of that subsection shall be

1954

Clergy Pensions Measure, 1954

No. 4

xvii

taken into account in calculating a qualifying period of pensionable service if it is a period or part of a period of service under any civil or other authority which entitles the clerk concerned to a pension under any pension or superannuation scheme other than that established by the 1948 Measure) shall have effect, as respects any period on or after the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, without qualification.

In accordance with the preceding provisions of this subsection the qualification at the end of that proviso (that is to say the words " unless during the period in question the compulsory contributor has paid in full contributions under this Measure ") shall not have effect in relation to any period on or after the said first day of January.

16. —(1) Any provision in this Measure for the vesting in the Vesting of Church Commissioners of property of any kind shall have effect property, to vest the property in them by virtue of that provision itself

and without any conveyance, assignment, transfer or other assurance.

(2) Where an investment which is vested in the Church Commissioners by section eight of this Measure is standing in the books of a company in the name of the Pensions Board, a joint request by the secretary of the Commissioners and the secretary of the Board, and production of a copy of this Measure printed by or for the Queen’s Printer of Acts of Parliament, shall be a sufficient authority to the company to transfer the investment into the name of the Commissioners, and to pay dividends or interest on the investment to them.

In this subsection the expression " company " includes the Bank of England and any company or person keeping books in which any investment is registered or inscribed.

Interpretation, extent and short title

17. For avoiding doubt as to the effect, after the cesser by interpretation virtue of this Measure of such obligations to make contribu- of references to tions as are related to pensions for clerks themselves, of pro- contributors, visions of the 1948 Measure which are expressed in terms of

reference to a clerk’s being or having been at the time of his retirement or of his death, or at some other time, a Class A or Class B contributor, it is hereby declared that, by reason of the definitions of Class A and Class B contributors in section two of the 1948 Measure, any such reference is (and remains notwithstanding that at the relevant time there is or was no contribution, or no contribution under an obligation related to pensions for clerks themselves) a reference to any clerk in Holy Orders as to whom the conditions mentioned in section one of the 1948 Measure are or were satisfied at the relevant time.

xviii

No. 4

Clergy Pensions Measure, 1954 2 & 3 Fjjtl 2

Interpretation generally.

Extent.

Short title.

The said conditions are a clerk’s being engaged in rendering ecclesiastical service or holding an educational, charitable or public post, and—

(a) holding office or discharging his functions, on or after

the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, in the area to which the 1948 Measure applies,

(b) not having attained the age of fifty-five years before that day,

(c) holding a benefice, deanery, prebend or canonry, or

receiving a stipend, salary or emolument of a net annual value or net amount (estimated as mentioned in the said section one) exceeding one hundred and fifty pounds, and

() not being excluded from the provisions of the 1948 Measure.

18, —(1) In this Measure the expression " the Pensions Board " means the Church of England Pensions Board, and the expression " the Clergy Pensions Fund " means the fund established under section forty-one of the 1948 Measure.

(2) References in this Measure, or in the 1948 Measure, or in the 1930 Measure, to the Pensions Authority shall be construed as references either to the Pensions Board or to the Church Commissioners according as the context in which any such reference occurs imports a reference to functions which, having regard to the provisions of this Measure, are functions of the Board or are functions of the Commissioners.

(3) This Measure shall be construed as one with the 1948 Measure.

19, This Measure shall extend to the whole of the Province of Canterbury with the exception of the Channel Islands, and to the whole of the Province of York including the Isle of Man, but may be applied to the Channel Islands or either of them, as defined in the Channel Islands (Church Legislation) Measure, 1931, in accordance with the provisions of that Measure.

20, This Measure may be cited as the Clergy Pensions Measure, 1954.

1954

Clergy Pensions Measure, 1954

No. 4

xix

FIRST SCHEDULE Rates of Pensions under . 5 or . 17 of the 1948 Measure

Rulb 1

Rate where the pension is entered upon at or above the age of 70; and definition of "Insurance Act retirement pensioner"

(1) The rate of pension of a pensioner who has retired at or above the age of 70, having performed a qualifying period of pensionable service, shall be the rate specified in the following table opposite the number specified therein which is the number of complete years in that period, and shall be—

(a) the rate specified in column A if he was an Insurance Act retirement pensioner at the date of his retirement, or

(b) the rate specified in column B if he was not such at that

date,

with in either case any adjustment for a broken part of a year comprised in that period which is provided for by paragraph (2) of this Rule:

Provided that, if he was not an Insurance Act retirement pensioner at the date of bis retirement but at a later date he becomes such, the rate as regards pension accruing on or after the date of his becoming such shall be that specified in column A (with any such adjustment as aforesaid).

Number of complete years in qualifying period of pensionable service Rate

A For a pensioner being an Insurance Act retirement pensioner B For a pensioner not being as mentioned in column A

£ £

15 years 44 51

16 49 57

17 , 54 63

18 59 69

19 64 75

20 70 82

21 , 77 89

22 , 84 97

23 , 91 105

24 , ... 98 113

25 , 105 121

26 , 112 129

27 , 119 138

28 , 127 147

29 , 136 157

30 , 145 167

31 , 155 179

Section 3.

XX

No. 4

Clergy Pensions Measure, 1954 2 & 3 Eijtl2

Number of complete years in qualifying period of pensionable service Rate

A For a pensioner being an Insurance Act retirement pensioner B For a pensioner not being as mentioned in column A

£ £

32 years 165 191

33 , 176 204

34 188 217

35 200 230

36 , 212 244

37 224 258

38 , 236 272

39 248 286

40 years (or over) 260 300

(2) Where the qualifying period of pensionable service performed by a pensioner—

(a) falls short of 40 years, and

(b) comprises a broken part of a year,

the rate shall be increased by adding the following sum in respect of each complete month in the broken part, that is to say, a sum equal to one-twelfth of the difference between—

(i) the rate as ascertained by reference to the number of

complete years in the said period, and

(ii) what would have been the rate if there had been one more complete year in it

(3) In this Schedule the expression " Insurance Act retirement pensioner" means a pensioner who is entitled to a retirement pension under section twenty of the National Insurance Act 1946, or under regulations made under section twenty-five of that Act, or would be so entitled but for the provisions of sections twenty-eight to thirty of that Act (which provide amongst other things for withholding benefits under that Act from persons who fail to claim them or are overseas or in hospital).

Rule 2

Rate where the pensioner has retired under the age of 70 by reason of permanent disability

(1) The rate of pension of a pensioner who has retired under the age of 70 by reason of permanent disability shall be ascertained by—

(a) computing in accordance with Rule 1 the rate of the pension which he would have entered upon on his retirement had he continued to render qualifying pensionable service until attaining the age of 70 and had then retired, and

1954

Clergy Pensions Measure, 1954

No. 4

xxi

(6) subtracting therefrom the sum of £2 for each complete year by which his age at the date of his retirement or at the date of his making application to the Pensions Board for a pension (whichever date is the later) was less than 70.

(2) For the purpose of the computation under head (a) of the preceding paragraph, if at the date of an ascertainment under this Rule the pensioner is an Insurance Act retirement pensioner it shall be assumed that he would be such at the age of 70 and otherwise it shall be assumed that he would not.

(3) If at the date of an ascertainment under this Rule the pen* sioner is not an Insurance Act retirement pensioner but at a later date he becomes such, the rate of the pension shall be ascertained again under this Rule and, as respects pension accruing on or after the date of his becoming such, shall be as reduced by virtue of the last preceding paragraph.

Rule 3

Rate where the pensioner has retired under the age of 70 not by

reason of permanent disability, but after attaining the age of 65

(1) The rate of pension of a pensioner who has retired under the age of 70 not by reason of permanent disability, but after attaining the age of 65, shall be ascertained by—

(a) computing in accordance with Rule 1 the rate of the pension

which he would have entered upon on his retirement had he continued to render qualifying pensionable service until attaining the age of 70 and had then retired, and

(b) taking the percentage of the rate so computed which is that specified in the second column of the following table opposite the figure in the first column thereof which was his age at his birthday next before his retirement.

Age Percentage

65 55

66 64

67 73

68 82

69 91

(2) For the purpose of the computation under head (a) of the preceding paragraph, paragraph (2) of Rule 2 shall have effect with the substitution for the reference therein to Rule 2 of a reference to this Rule.

(3) Paragraph (3) of Rule 2 shall have effect in relation to an ascertainment under this Rule, with the like substitution as aforesaid.

Rule 4 Deans and canons

(1) None of the preceding Rules shall apply to such pepsioners as are mentioned in the next succeeding paragraph.

(2) The pensions of deans and canons (not being minor canons) of cathedral and collegiate churches, appointed before the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, to whom the Deans

No. 4

Clergy Pensions Measure, 1954 2 & 3 2

xxii

Section 7.

and Canons Resignation Act, 1872, would, if the Geigy Pensions Measure, 1926, had not been passed, have applied, shall be paid at the fixed rates of four hundred and fifty pounds per annum in the case of a dean, and three hundred pounds per annum in the case of a canon.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Contributions Payablb under Section 7 of this Measure and Matters relating thereto

1. The rates of contribution shall be as follows—

(a) for a contributor under the age of 50 at the date of

ordination, £9 per annum;

(b) for a contributor aged 50 or over at the date of ordination,

a sum to be determined by the Actuary.

2. Contributions shall be payable half-yearly, the first half-yearly payment being made on the 31st March, 30th June, 30th September or 31st December next after the date on which the contributor becomes subject to the provisions of this Measure.

3. The liability of a contributor to contribute shall cease with the half-yearly payment next before—

(a) his attainment of the age of 70 years;

(b) his entering upon the receipt of a disability pension; or

(c) his death, whichever shall first happen.

4. On the death of a former contributor to whom the provisions of this Measure and the 1948 Measure no longer apply, the benefits under section 19 of the 1948 Measure receivable by his widow and children (if any) shall be granted at such reduced rate as the Actuary may certify to be proper.

5. A former contributor to whom the provisions of this Measure and the 1948 Measure at one time ceased to apply, but who afterwards takes up work which brings him within the scope of the said Measures may, by agreement with the Pensions Board, pay such a sum of money as the Actuary may require in order to entitle his widow and children (if any) to receive the full benefits provided by section 19 of the 1948 Measure. Otherwise, on his death, the said benefits shall be granted at such reduced rate as the Actuary may certify to be proper.

ten

1954

Clergy Pensions , 1954

No. 4

Table of Enactments referred to in this Measure

Short Title Session and Chapter

Incumbents Resignation Act, 1871 Deans and Canons Resignation Act, 1872 Incumbents Resignation Act, 1871, Amendment 34 & 35 Vict c. 34. 35 & 36 Vict c. 8.

Act, 1887 Clergy Pensions Measure, 1926 Clergy Pensions (Older Incumbents) Measure, 50 & 51 Vict c. 23. 16 A 17 Geo. 5. No. 6.

1930 20 Sc21 Geo. 5. No. 6.

Channel Islands (Church Legislation) Measure, 1931 National Insurance Act, 1946 Clergy Pensions Measure, 1948 21 A 22 Geo. 5. No. 4. 9 A 10 Geo. 6. c. 67. 11 A 12 Geo. 6. No. 1.

TABLE IV

EFFECT OF LEGISLATION

ACTS AND MEASURES ON CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED, AMENDED OR OTHERWISE AFFECTED BY THOSE ACTS, MEASURES AND STATUTORY INSTRUMENTS WHICH RECEIVED THE ROYAL ASSENT OR WERE MADE DURING

1954

[Note.—Statute references in the fourth column are to chapters of 2 & 3 Elis. 2 unless otherwise stated.]

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

29 Car. 2: c. 3 c. 7 Statute of Frauds, 1677 Sunday Observance Act, 1677. . 4 rep. in pt ExcL (prosp.) 1 34, s. 1. 57, s. 12 (1).

20 Geo. 2: c. 43 Heritable Jurisdictions (Scotland) Act, 1746. . 34 am. 48,s.74(l).

13 Geo. 3: c. 54 Game (Scotland) Act, 1772. . 3 rep. in pt 30, s. 15 (2), sch. 6.

48 Geo. 3: c. 145 Judges* Pensions (Scotland) Act, 1808. Saved 27, s. 1 (1), proviso.

52 Geo. 3: c. 130 56 Geo. 3: c. 125 Malicious Damage Act, 1812. Malicious Damage (Scotland) Act, 1816. . 4 rep. in pt . 3 rep. in pt 36, ss. 6 (4) (a), 8 (3), sch. 36, ss. 6 (4) (a), 8 (3), sch.

3 Geo. 4: c. 33 Riotous Assemblies (Scotland) Act, 1822. . 15 rep 36, ss. 6 (4) (6), 8 (3), sch.

9 Geo. 4: c. 92 Savings Bank Act, 1828 R«P ( 62, s. 26 (1), sch. 63, s.82(l), sch. 3.

37816 2 R

xxvi Effect of Legislation 2 & 3 Eij7 2

Chapter of 1554

Session and Act Or numufrq

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

1 & 2 Will. 4:

c. 32 Game Act, 1831 Ss. 2, 5, 30-32 rep. in pt. 30, s. 15 ft

sofa. 6.

2 A 3 WilL 4:

c. 68 Game (Scotland) Act, Ss. 1,2 rep. in pt. 30, s. 15 ft

1832. sch.6.

3 A 4 WilL 4:

c. 14 Savings Bank Act, 1833 R«P ( 62, *. 26(0, at 63, s.82(l), *4.3.

c. 98 Bank of England Act, . 6 rep 12,8.4(2).

1833.

5 A 6 Will. 4:

c. 57 Savings Bank Act, 1835 Rep ( 62, s. 26 (1), *4. 63, s.82(l),s4.3.

3 & 6 Vict. :

c. 79 Railway Passenger Duty Ss. 13-19 rep 64, s. 14 (I), set

Act, 1842. 2,Pt IV.

c. 94 Defence Act, 1842 Appl. (visiting forces) ... .L No. 635, at 5, ach. 1.

6 & 7 Vict.:

c. 86 London Hackney Carriages Act, 1843. . 30 rep. (City) xxvii,*.20(6)

7 & 8 Vict.:

c. 83 Savings Bank Act, 1844 Rep 62, s. 26 <1), set .I. No. 635, an

c. 85 Railway Regulation Act, . 12 appl. (N.l.) (visiting forces).

1844. 11, eefa. 3.

8 & 9 Vict. :

c. 18 Lands Clauses Consolid- . 121 saved 56,8.39(3).

ation Act, 1845.

c. 19 Lands Clauses Consolid- . 108 mod 73, s. 62.

ation (Scotland) Act, 1845.

c. 20 Railways Clauses Con- . 90 rep. (E.) (.) 64,s.l4 (IX set

solidation Act, 1845. 2, Pt. I.

c. 28 Canal Tolls Act, 1845 ... . 2 rep. in pt. (E.) (.)... 64,8.14(0,84 2, Pt I. 64,8.14(1X84

c. 33 Railways Clauses Con- . 83 rep.

solidation (Scotland) Act, 1845. 2,PtI.

c. 37 Bankers (Ireland) Act, . 6 rep 12,s.4(2X

1845.

c. 38 Bank Notes (Scotland) . 15 rep 12, *. 4 (2X

Act, 1845.

c. 42 Canal Carriers Act, 1845 . 4 rep. in pt. (E.) (.)... 64,8.14(1X84 2, Pt. I.

9 A 10 Vict.:

c. 93 Fatal Accidents Act, 1846 . 3 am. (E.) 36,8.3.

10 & 11 Vict.:

c. 27 Harbours. Docks and Piers Clauses Act, 1847. . 28 appl (visiting forces) .I. No. 635, art. 10.

ext. (E.) (.) ... 64,8.7(4).

c. 89 Town Police Clauses Act, Ss. 51-52 rep. (trantcars 64, s. 14(1), 84.

1847. or trolley vehicles) (E.), 68 rep. m pt. (tramcars 2, Pt IV.

or trolley vehicles) (E.).

A.D. 1954 Effect of Legislation xxvii

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

11 A12 Vict.:

c. 42 Indictable Offences Act, Appl. (.) 48, s. 22.

1848.

15 A16 Vict.:

c. 56 Pharmacy Act, 1852 ... Rep 61, s. 25 (2),

sch. 4.

16 A17 Vict.:

c. 33 London Hackney Carri- . 9 rep. (tramcars or 64, s. 14 (1), sch. 2 Pt. IV.

age Act, 1853. trolley vehicles).

c. 119 Betting Act, 1853 . 1 restr.(E.)(.) ... 33, s. 10(2).

17 & 18 Vict.:

c. 31 Railway and Canal Traffic . 2 rep. in pt. (E.) (.)... 64, s. 14 (1),

Act, 1854. sch. 2 Pt. L

c. 91 Lands Valuation (Scot- . 7 appl. c. 50, s. 35 (6).

land) Act, 1854.

19 & 20 Vict :

c. 29 National Gallery Act, Preamble rep 65, s. 8 (2), sch. 2.

1856. . 1 rep 65, ss. 6, 8 (2),

sch. 2.

. 2 rep 65,s.8(2), sch. 2.

. 3 mod. rep. in pt 65, s. 3 (1). 65, ss. 3, 8 (2),

sch. 2.

20 & 21 Vict.:

c. 26 Registration of Leases Ext 49, s. 26.

(Scotland) Act, 1857. . 18 am. 49, s. 27.

21 & 22 Vict.:

c. 97 Public Health Act, 1858 Rep 61, s. 25 (2),

sch. 4.

22 A23 Vict.:

c. 40 Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859. Appl. (mod.) (temp.) 10, s.3(l), (2). .l. No. 837.

c. 53 Savings Bank (Charitable Rep. 62, s. 26 (1), sch.

Societies) Act, 1859.

23 & 24 Vict.:

c. 90 Game Licences Act, 1860 Ss. 2,4,5 rep. in pt ... 30, s. 15 (2),

sch. 6.

c. 106 Lands Clauses Consolida- . 7 appl. (visiting forces) SJ. No. 635, art.

tion Acts Amendment Act, 1860. 5, sch. 1.

c. 135 Metrojjiolitan Police Act, . 2 proviso ext. appl. (visit- 32,s.6 (4), sch. 3. .l. No. 635, art.

ing fotces) 6(2).

c. 137 National Debt Commis- Rep 63, s. 82 (1),

sioners (Investments) Act, 1860. sch. 3.

24 & 25 Vict.:

c. 14 Post Office Savings Bank Rep 62, s. 26 (1), sch.

Act, 1861.

c. 47 Harbours and Passing Ss. 41-43,47, 51-53 rep. iv, s. 135, sch. 12.

Tolls, Ac., Act, 1861

c. 94 Accessories and Abettors . 8 saved (prosp.) 70,s. 153(o).

Act, 1861.

37816 2 R 2

xxviii

Effect of Legislation

2&3 Buz. 2

Chapter of 1934

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

26 & 27 Vict:

c. 14 Post Office Savings Bank . 1 rap Ss. 2-6 rep g, 8.26(1), sch

Act, 1863. 63, s. 82 (IX

sch.3.

c. 25 Savings Bank Investment Rep. in pt 63, s. 82 (IX

Act, 1863. sch.3.

c. 87 Trustee Savings Banks Rep. (saving) 63, s. 82 (1) (4X

Act, 1863. sch.3.

c. 92 Railways Clauses Act, . 30 rep. (E.) (.) 64, s. 14 (IX

1863. sch. 2 Pt L

27 & 28 Vict:

c. 57 Admiralty Lands and . 3 appL (visiting forces) .L No. 635, an

Works Act, 1864. 5, sch. 1.

29 & 30 Vict: f 62,8.26(0,*.

c. 5 Savings Bank Investment Rep j 63, s. 82 (IX

Act, 1866. sch.3.

c. 39 Exchequer and Audit Ss. 12 rep., 13 rep. in pt. 44, s. 35 (9X

c. 109 Departments Act, 1866. Naval Discipline Act, Appl. (temp.) sch. 6. 10, s. 3 (2). .L No. 635, an

1866. AppL (mod.) (visiting forces).

12, sch. 4 pan. 6.

31 & 32 Vict.:

c. 107 Indictable Offences Act AppL (.) 48,». 22.

Amendment Act, 1868.

c. 110 Telegraph Act, 1868 ... . 16 rep. 28,5*. 1(3), 2(5), ep)i

c. 119 Regulation of Railways . 15rep.(E.)(.) 64, s. 14 (1),

Act, 1868. scfa.2Pt.IL 64, s. 14 (IX

. 16 rep. (E.) (.)

sch. 2 Pt L

c. 121 Pharmacy Act, 1868 ... Rep 61, s. 25 (2X

sch. 4.

32 & 33 Vict: r 62, s. 26(1), sch

c. 39 Savings Bank Investment Rep 4 63, s. 82 (IX

Act, 1869. sch. 3.

c. 73 Telegraph Act, 1869 ... . 4 excL (visiting forces) .I.No. 635, an

. 5 appl. . 9 (1) rep. in pt. (tram- 7(6). 55,8.2(6).

c. 113 Metropolitan Public Car- 64, s. 14 (IX

riage Act, 1869. cars or trolley vehicles). sch. 2 Pt IV.

33 & 34 Vict:

c. 57 Gun Licence Act, 1870... Ss. 7 (1) appL and 9 excL (visiting forces). SJ. No. 635, an 11, sch. 3.

33 & 36 Vict.:

c. 77 Metalliferous Mines Re- Rep. (prosp.) (E.) (.) ... . 21 appL 70,s. 189, sch 5.

gulation Act, 1872. .L No. 86.

36 & 37 Vict.:

c. 48 Regulation of Railways Ss. 14 rep. (B.NS.), 15 rep. in pt. (E.) (.). 64,8.14 (1), sch

Act, 1873. 2 Pt. L

37 & 38 Vict.:

c. 73 Post Office Savings Bank Rep 62,8.26(1), sch

Act, 1874.

A.D. 1954

Effect of Legislation

xxix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

38 & 39 Vict, c. 17 ...

c. 25 ... c. 39 ...

c. 45

39 & 40 Vict.: c. 52 ...

c. 77 ...

40 & 41 Vict, c. 2 ... c. 13 ...

c. 57 ...

43 & 44 Vict: c. 35 ...

c. 36 ...

c. 47 ...

44 & 45 Vict:

c. 12 ...

c. 24 ... c. 51 ... c. 58 ...

Explosives Act, 1875

Public Stores Act, 1875 Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1875. Sinking Fund Act, 1875

Savings Banks (Barrister) Act, 1876.

Cruelty to Animals Act, 1876.

Treasury Bills Act, 1877

Customs, Inland Revenue, and Savings Banks Act, 1877.

Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877.

Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880.

Savings Banks Act, 1880

Ground Game Act, 1880

Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1881. Summary Jurisdiction (Process) Act, 1881. Wild Birds Protection Act, 1881.

Army Act

. 97 am.

appl. (mod.) (visiting forces).

. 6 ext

Rep. (prosp.) (B.) (.) ...

. 4 ext.

. 5 ext.

rep. in pt

. 7 rep. in pt

Rep.

Saved (B.) (.)...

. 6 exd.

. 14 rep. . 15 rep.

. 17 rep.

. 19 saved

. 73 exd . 76 exd in pt.

' appL in pt.

R*P

Rep

. 1 am. (E.) (.)

. 6 rep. m pt. (E.)

. 33 saved

Appl* (.)

Rep

. 28 paras. 1-5 appl. (mod.) (visiting forces).

. 126 appL (mod.) (visiting forces).

32, s. 6 (4)sch. 3. .1 No. 635, art.

11, sch. 3.

32, s. 6 (4), sch. 3. 70, s. 189, sch. 5.

44,s.34(2).

44,s.34(2).

44, s. 35 (9), sch.

44, *8.35(9), sch.

6.

62, s. 26 (1), sch.

63, s. 82 (1), sch. 3.

30, ss. 4 (1) (</), 5 (4) (c).

46, s. 1 (2) (6), sch. 1.

68, s. 12.

22, s. 3 (2).

45, s. 2 (2).

62, s. 26 (1), sch. 63^8.82 (1), sch.

62, s. 26(1), sch. 63^8. 82 (1). sch.

27,‘s. 1(1), proviso. 38,s.4(l). 38,8.4(1).

38, s. 4 (2).

30, s. 15 (2), sch. 6.

63, s. 82 (1), sch. 3.

68, s. 1 (4).

68, s. 15 (2), sch.

5.1. No. 796, rule 4(9).

48,s.22.

30, s. 15 (2), sch. 6.

5.1. No. 635, art.

12, sch. 4,

rsr>6>

5.1. No. 635, art. 12, sch. 4, paras. 3, 8 (1).

XXX

Effect of Legislation

2 & 3 B2

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

44 A45 Vict.:

c. 58 Army Act—amt. . 131 appL in pt. (mod.) .L No. 635, srt

(visiting forces). 12,sdL5,pan. 6(2).

. 143 appl. (visiting .L No. 635, art

forces). 11, sch. 3.

. 153 appl. (visiting .L No. 635, art

forces). 13.

. 154, paras. 1-4,9 appl. (mod.) (visiting forces). .L No. 635, an. 12,«*.5,pan.

6(2).

. 170 (1) (2) rep. Ss. 174, 174A appl 36, ss. 1, 8 (3X sch. .I. No. 635, an.

(visiting forces). 11, sch. 3.

45 & 46 Vict.:

c. 37 Corn Returns Act, 1882 Ext. (.) (mod.) 39, s. 14.

. 2 rep. m pt 39, s. 17, sdL 3.

c. 50 Municipal Corporations . 254 appl. (visiting .I. No. 635, an.

Act. 1882. forces). 11, sch. 3.

c. 56 Electric Lighting Act, Am. (transfer of powers. 60, ss. 1 (1) (4X

1882. etc.) (».). 15 (1), sch. 1 Pt. 1IL

. 12am.(.) 60, s. 15 (1),

sch. 1, Pt IE

46 & 47 Vict.:

c. 4 National Gallery (Loan) Rep. (saving) 65, ss. 4 (9), 8 (2),

Act, 1883. sch. 2.

c. 31 Payment of Wages in Public Houses Prohibi- . 2 rep. in pt. ( .) 70, ss. 185, 189, sch. 5.

tion Act. 1883.

c. 34 Cheap Trains Act, 1883 . 6 appl. (visiting forces) .I. No. 635, an.

11, sch. 3.

48 A49 Vict.:

c. 58 Telegraph Act, 1885 ... . 2 expld . 2, provisos, rep. Sch. Pt. I rep. in pt. ... 28, s. 1 (5). 28, s. 2 (5). sch.

c. 61 Secretary for Scotland Act, 1885. 30, s. 15 (2* sch. 6.

c. 72 Housing of the Working . 9 (7) appl. (N.I.) .I. No. 635, ait

Classes Act, 1885. (visiting forces). 11, sch. 3.

50 & 51 Vict:

c. 19 Quarry (Fencing) Act 1887. Rep. (prosp.) 70, s. 189, sdt 5.

c. 35 Criminal Procedure (Scot- Ss. 4-15, 58-60 appl. 48, s. 2. sch. 1.

land) Act 1887. (mod.). . 61 appL (mod.) 48, s. 2, sch. 1.

saved (p Ss. 62-65, 68, 69 appl. 70, s. 153 (b). 48, s. 2, sch. 1.

(mod.).

c. 40 Savings Banks Act 1887 . 1 rep 4 . 2 rep 62, s. 26(1), sch. 63, s. 8 1 (IX sch. 3. 63, s. 82 (IX

sch. 3.

. 3 rep -f 62, s. 26 (IX sdL 63, s. 82 OX

sch. 3.

Ss. 8,12,13 rep. 62, s. 26 (IX Kb.

A.D. 1954 Effect of Legislation

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

50 & 51 Vict.:

c. 47 Trustee Savings Banks Rep 63, s. 82 (1),

Act 1887. sch. 3.

c. 58 Coal Mines Regulation Act 1887. . 12 (1) rep. in pt. (prosp.) (E.) (.). . 12 (2) rep. (E.) (.). . 13 (2)-(5), (8) rep. in pt. (prosp.) (E.) (.). . 25 rep. in pt. (prosp.) 70, ss. 188, 189, schs. 4,5. 70, s. 189, sch. 5. 70, ss. 188, 189, schs. 4, 5. 31; s. 1, sch.

c. 71 Coroners Act 1887

ext. (prosp.) 31, s. 1, proviso.

51 & 52 Vict:

c. 12 Electric Lighting Act Am. (transfer of powers. 60, ss. 1 (1) (4),

1888. etc.) (.). 15 (1), sch. 1, pt.ni.

. 4 am. (transfer of 60, ss. 1 (3) (4), 15 (1), sch. 1, PtIII.

powers, etc.) (.).

c. 15 National Debt (Supplemental) Act 1888. . 5 rep 63, s. 82 (1), sch. 3.

c. 25 Railway and Canal Ss. 27, 28, 29 (2) (3), 30, 64, s. 14 (1),

Traffic Act 1888. 33,34,37 (1) rep. in pt. sch. 2, Pt. I.

c. 41 Local Government Act .Tjxmjrep. in pt. ... 30, s. 15 (2),

1888. sch. 6.

c. 55 Sand Grouse Protection Rep 30, s. 15 (2),

Act 1888. sch. 6.

52 & 53 Vict:

c. 14 Town Police Clauses Act . 6 rep. in pt. (E.) 64, s. 14 (1), sch. 2, Pt. IV.

1889.

c. 50 Local Government (Scot- . 11 (5) (i) rep. in pt. ... 30, s. 15 (2),

land) Act 1889. sch. 6.

c. 63 Interpretation Act 1889 . 37 saved f 57, s. 13 (4). 62,s.26(4).

. 38 saved ... < appl. (prosp.) appl 63, s. 82 (6). 70, s. 191 (8). 67, s. 9 (3). .I. No. 1154,

ieg.l2(2). 48, s. 78 (5). 61, s. 25 (1). .l.No. 551, arts.

saved (.) saved (E.) (.) ...

. 38 (2) appl

44 (5), 46 (3).

appl. (E.) (.) ... 64, s. 8 (1), pro-

viso (6).

c. 72 Infectious Diseases (Noti- saved (prosp.) ... . 15 appl. (N.L) (visiting forces). 67, s. 26 (5). .I. No. 635, art.

fication) Act 1889. 11, sch. 3.

53 & 54 Vict.:

c. 37 Foreign Jurisdiction Act Sch. 1 am 18, s.2(2).

1890.

xxxii

Effect of Legislation

2 & 3 Euz.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

54 & 55 Vict.: c. 21 ...

Savings Banks Act, 1891

c. 24 ...

55 & 56 Vict.: c. 43 ...

c. 48 ... c. 55 ...

56 & 57 Vict.: c. 39 ...

Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891.

Military Lands Act, 1892

Bank Act, 1892

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893.

c. 61 ...

c. 71 ...

57 & 58 Vict, c. 24 ...

c. 30 ...

Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893.

Sale of Goods Act, 1893

Wild Birds Protection Act, 1894.

Finance Act, 1894

Ss. 1-10 rep. . 12(1) rep.

. 12 (2) rep.

Ss. 15-19 rep. . 2 ext

Appl. (mod.) (visiting forces).

Pt II (ss. 14-18) expkL (atomic energy authority).

. 4 (5) am

Ss. 166-209 excl.

. 272 rep. in pt. (tram-cars or trolley vehicles).

Ss. 278, 280-284, 286 rep.

. 5 (3) rep. in pt (E.) (.)

. 5 (5) mod. (E.) (.) ... . 10 (4) am. (E.) (.) ... . 12 am. (E.) (.)

. 14am.(E.)(.)

. 17(2)am.(E.)(.) ... . 25 am. (E.) (.)

. 28(1) rep. (E.)(.) ...

. 51 mod. as to s. 53 (E.) (.).

. 52 am. (E.) (.)

. 53 (2) expld. (E.) (.)... . 55 expla (E.) (.) ...

.56am.(E.)(.)

. 61() restr.flE.) (.)... . 64 am. (E.) (.)

. 69 (3) rep. in pt. (.)

. 79 am. (E.) (.)

(meaning of " officer *) Excl. (U.K. Atomic Energy Authority).

Rep. (E.) (.)

. 4 rep. (E.)

Rep.

. 16 saved . 16 (3) subst.

63, s. 82 (IX sch. 3.

63, s. 82 (IX sch. 3.

62, s. 26 (1) ach

63, s. 82 (IX sch. 3.

62, s. 26 (1), ach

63, s. 82 (IX sch. 3.

45,8.3.

SX No. 635,irt.

5, sch. 1.

32, s. 6(0, sch 3.

44, s. 34 (4X sch. 5. 32,8.5(0.

64. s. 14 (IX sch. 2, PL IV.

42, s. 20 (JX sch. 2.

43, ss. 2 (IX 11 (3), sch.

43, s. 3.

43,8.10(3)

43,s.2(3).

43, s. 4.

43, s. 5 (3X 43,8.1(1).

43, ss. 10 11(3), sch 43, s. 6(1).

OX

43,s.2(

43, s. 6 ( . 43,s. 8(7).

43.5.8. 43,8.4(2)

43.8.9. 43,8.10(4) 43,8.4(5)

32.8.6(5)

36, ss. 1, 8 (3) sch.

34, s. L

30, s. 15 (2X

sch. 6.

.I. No. 796, rak 4(9). 44,8.33(1)

A.D. 1954

Effect of Legislation

xxxiii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

57 Sl 58 Vict: c. 42 ... c. 52 ...

c. 54 ...

c. 60 ...

58 & 59 Vict: c. 14 ...

c. 35 ...

c. 36 ...

59 & 60 Vict, c. 56 ...

60 & 61 Vict 61 Vict, c. 38 ...

c. 41 ...

62 & 63 Vict. c.11 ...

c. 19 ...

37816

Quarries Act 1894 Coal Mines (Check Weigher) Act 1894. Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1894.

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894.

Courts of Law Fees (Scotland) Act, 1895. Naval Works Act, 1895

Fatal Accidents Inquiry (Scotland) Act, 1895.

Wild Birds Protection Act, 1896.

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

Post Office and Telegraph Act, 1897.

Fine or Imprisonment (Scotland and Ireland) Act, 1899.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899.

Rep. (prosp.) (E.) (.) ... .^rep^in pt. (prosp.)

. 3 rep. (E.) (.)

. 78 mod.

Ss. 92, 93, 96-104 appl.

(Republic of Ireland). . 214 exd. (E.) (.) ...

. 238 ext (Greece) ... Ss. 469-474 appl. (Republic of Ireland).

. 692. Power to apply <E.)(.).

Saved (regs.)

. 2 appl. (visiting forces)

Excl. (prosp.)

Rep.

. 3. Definitions of "knacker" and "slaughterer of cattle or horses " am.

. 16 (1) ext. (prosp.) ...

. 33 am. rei

;er-

. 33 (7) saved

. 34 rep.

. 65 rep. in pt. (tramcars or trolley vehicles).

Ss. 73 (4) appl., 101 exd., (visiting forces).

. 166 rep. in pt.

. 181 exd

. 194 appl. (visiting forces).

Rep

Rep. (.)...

Sch., as incorp. with Electricity Ad, 1947, am. generally (transfer of powers) (.).

. 4 of sch. am. (.).

70, s. 189, sch. 5. 70, ss. 188, 189, sells. 4, 5.

64, s. 14 (1), sch.

2, Pt. I.

18, s. 1.

5.1. No. 640, art.

2.

11, s. 9.

5.1. No. 144.

5.1. No. 640, art.

2.

39, s. 11, sch. 2, para. 4.

48, s.76(3).

5.1. No. 635, art. 5, sch. 1.

70, s. 122 (3).

30, s. 15 (2), sch. 6.

59, s. 11 (1), sch. 2, Pt. I.

70, s. 15 (2), (3), (5).

59, s.l(4) (a). 42, s. 20 (5), sch. 2.

sch. 2.

64, s. 14 (1), sch. 2, Pt. IV.

5.1. No. 635, art. 11, sch. 3.

36, ss. 6 (4) (c) 8 (3), sch.

32, s. 5 (6).

5.1. No. 635, art. 11, sch. 3.

28, s. 2 (5), sch.

48, s. 78 sch. 4.

0),

60, s. 15 (1), sch. 1, Pt. III.

2 R*

JXJUV

Effect of Legislation

2 A3 Buz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or

Statutory

Instrument

63 & 64 Vict: c. 21 ...

c. 36 ...

Mines (Prohibition of Child Labour Underground) Act, 1900. Military Lands Act, 1900

Rep. (prosp.) (E.) (.) ... . 2 appL (visiting forces)

70, s. 189, sch. 5.

.I. No. 635, nt 5, sdL 1.

2 Edw. 7: c. 6 ...

... Wild Birds Protection Act, 1902.

Rep.

... 30, s. 15 (2X sch. 6.

3 Edw. 7: c. 25 ...

c. 33 ... c. 46 ...

licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903.

Revenue Act, 1903

. 40 ext. (mod.)

. 42 (2) am

Ss. 53, 54 ext ...

Ss. 62, 65, 68, 74, 95, 98

am

. 93 excl

. 100 appL (visiting forces).

. 16 (1) rep. in pt.

11, s. 7(5).

11, *. 11 (IX sch. 2. a, s. ii ax 11, *. 11 OX

sch. 2.

32, s. 5 (6X .I. No. 635, an 11, sch. 3.

63, s. 82 (IX sch. 3.

4 Edw. 7:

c. 4 ...

c.8 ...

c. 10 ... c. 24 ...

5 Edw. 7:

c. 9 ...

6 Edw. 7:

c. 50 ...

c. 53 ...

... Wild Birds Protection Rep.

Act, 1904.

... Savings Banks Act, 1904 . 1 rep. ...

. 2 rep.... Ss. 4-7 rep.

. 9 rep.... . 12 rep.

Ss. 13-16 rep.

... Wild Birds Protection Rep

(St. Kilda) Act, 1904.

... Wireless Telegraphy Act, Expired (1.6.1954) 1904.

... 30, s. 15 (2X

sch. 6.

... 63, s. 82 (IX

sch. 3. f 62, s. 26 (IX

J sch.

1 63, s. 82 (IX

L sch. 3.

... 63. s. 82 (IX

sch. 3. f 62, s. 26 (IX

J sch.

1 63, s. 82 (IX

I sch. 3.

... 62^ 26 (IX

r 62, s. 26 OX

J sch.

1 63, s. 82 (IX

I sch. 3.

... 30, s. 15 (2X

sch. 6.

... See 1949 c. 54, s. 18 and .L 1954 No. 437.

... Coal Mines (Weighing of Minerals) Act, 1905.

. 1 (2) rep. in pt. (prosp.) (B.) (.).

70, ss. 188, 189, schs.4,5.

National Galleries of Scotland Act, 1906. Notice of Accidents Ad, 1906.

. 4 (1) (3) rep. in pt. ... . 4 (4) rep. in pt.

Ss. 1-3, 5 rep. (prosp.) (E.)(.).

14, s. 6 (IX 14, s. 6 (2X 70, s. 189, sch. 5.

A.D. 1954

Effect of Legislation

xxxv

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

7 Edw. 7:

c. 32 Public Health (Regula- . 1 rep. in pt (N.I.)l 67, s. 36 (2),

tions as to Food) Act, 1907. (prosp.) sch. 4.

c. 51 Sheriff Courts (Scotland) . 48, sch. 1, rules 23 am.. .I. No. 994.

Act, 1907. 53 subst., 173-174 added.

c. 52 Merchant Shipping Act, . 1 saved 18,s.l(2).

1907.

8 Edw. 7:

c. 8 Post Office Savings Bank Rep 62, s. 26 (1), sch.

Act, 1908.

c. 11 Wild Birds Protection Rep 30, s. 15 (2),

Act, 1908. sch. 6.

c. 53 Poisons and Pharmacy Rep. (E.) (.) 61, s. 25 (2),

Act, 1908. sch. 4.

c. 57 Coal Mines Regulation Ss. 1, 3 susp. (temp.) ... .I. Nos. 547,

Act, 1908. 833.

Ss.l(3M5).(7),2(l),(2), 70, ss. 188, 189,

3 (1), (2), 5, 6, 7 (H schs. 4, 5.

rep. in pt. (.) (E.) (.), 7 (2) rep. (prosp.)

(E.) (.).

c. 62 Local Government (Scot- . 28 (1) rep 30, s. 15, sch. 6.

land) Act, 1908.

c.65 Summary Jurisdiction Rep. except ss. 1 and 77 48, s. 78 (1),

(Scotland) Act, 1908. and except in pt. ss. 2, 10,19 (3) (5), 38,34 (7), sch. 4.

43-47. ExcL 61, s. 21.

9 Edw. 7:

c. 28 Summary Jurisdiction Rep 48, s. 78 (1),

(Scotland) Act, 1908, Amendment Act, 1909. sch. 4.

c. 34 Electric Lighting Act, Am. (transfer of powers, 60, ss. 1 (1) (4),

1909. etc.) (.). 15 (1), sch. 1, pt.m.

. 2 appl. (mod.) (.) ... 60, s. 15 (1),

sch. 1, Pt. m.

10 Edw. 7 and

1 Geo. 5: c. 15 Mines Accidents (Rescue Rep. (prosp.)(E.) (.) ... 70, s. 189, sch. 5.

and Aid) Act, 1910.

1 A 2 Geo. 5:

c. 27 Protection of Animals Ext. (E.) 40,s.l(l).

Act, 1911. . 1 (1) am. (E.) 40, s. 3.

. 1 (1) (e)ext. (E.) ... . 5 (1) rep. (E.) 46, s. 1 (1). 59, ss. 2 (6), 11

(1). sch. 2, pt.n.

. 6 rep. (E.) . 8 restr. Sch. 1 rep. (E.) 59, s. 11 (1). sch. 2, Pt. U. 30, s. 10 (1). 59, s. 11 (1),

sch. 2, Pt. II.

c. 28 Official Secrets Act, 1911 . 2 ext 32, s.6(4), sch. 3.

. 3 (c)ext 32,8.6(3).

37816 2 R* 2

xxxvi

Effect of Legislation

2 & 3 El 17. 2

Session and Chapter of 1954 Act or anter

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of McttUB Of

of Measure Intranet

1 & 2 Geo. 5:

c. 34 Railway Companies (Accounts and Returns) . 1 (1) am. (E.) (.) ... . 1(2) am. (E.) (SO • 64,8.10(1). 64, a. 10(2).

Act, 1911. . 2 (1) rep. in pL (E.) (.) 64, a. 10 D

14 (IL sch. Z. PL 1IL

Ss. 3,6 (3), sch. 1 rep. (E.) 64, a. 14 (1), ah 2, PL HL

c. 50 (.)

Coal Mines Act, 1911 ... Rejp. (prosp.) (saving) (E.) 70, as. 189.19:, 192, sch 5.

c. 57 Maritime Conventions . 8 ext. (E.) (.) 36, s. 5 (2).

Act, 1911.

2 A3 Geo. 5:

c. 14 Protection of Animals Ext 40, a. 1 (1).

(Scotland) Act, 1912. . 1 (1) am. 40, a. 3.

. l(l)(e)ert. . 5 (1) reP- 46, a. 1 (1). 59, a. 11 (I. sch. 2, Pt I. 59, sa. 2 <*.

. 5 (2) rep

11 (IX. ah 1 PL n.

. 6 rep 59, a. 11 (It sch. 2, PL D 30, a. 10 (1). 59, a. 11 <u

. 7 restr. Sch. 1 rep.

sch. 2, PL D.

c. 28 Sheriff Courts (Scotland) . 6 rep. in pt SX No. 994.

Act, 1913.

3 A 4 Geo. 5:

c. 31 Industrial and Provident . 1 am. (E.) (.) 43, a. 10 (1).

Societies (Amendment) . 3 (2) am. (E.) (.) ... 43, s. 4 (4).

Act, 1913. . 4 rep. (E.) (.) 43, ss. 5 (4), 11

(3), sch.

. 6 rep. in pt. (E.) (.) ... 43, s. 11 PL ah

4 A 5 Geo. 5:

c. 10 Finance Act, 1914 . 15 expld 44, a. 30 (4).

c. 22 Coal Mines Act, 1914 ... Rep. (vrosp.)(E.) (.) ... 70, a. 189. sch 1

c. 58 Criminal Justice Admin- Rep. (.), except s. 27 in 48, s. 78 (U

istration Act, 1914. pt. and ss. 28 (3), 44 (1). sch. 4.

5 A 6 Geo. 5:

c. 82 Post Office and Telegraph Rep 28, a. 2 (5). si

Act, 1915.

c. 93 War Loan (Supplemental Ss. 10 rep., 11 rep. in pt. 63, a. 82 (It

Provisions) Act, 1915. sch. 3.

6 A 7 Geo. 5:

c. 11 Finance (New Duties) . 1(5) ext 44,s.2(7).

Act, 1916.

c. 12 Local Government (Emergency Provisions) Act, . 5 appl. (visiting forces) .L No. 635, an. 14(1).

1916.

c. 31 Police, Factories, etc. . 10 rep. (prosp.) (E.) (.) 70,a. 189, sch 5.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1916.

A.D. 1954

Effect of Legislation

xxxvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

7 A 8 Geo. 5:

8 A 9 Geo. 5:

c. 4 ...

c. 39 ... c. 48 ...

9 A 10 Geo. 5:

c. 32 ...

c. 54 ... c. 57 ...

c. 74 ... c. 75

c. 92

c. 100

10 A 11 Geo. 5: c. 12

c. 16 ... c. 17 ...

Air Force Act ...

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1918.

Education Act, 1918 ...

Education (Scotland) Act, 1918.

Finance Act, 1919

Animals (Anaesthetics) Act, 1919.

Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919.

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1919.

Ferries (Acquisition by Local Authorities) Act, 1919.

Aliens Restriction (Amendment) Act, 1919.

Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919.

Savings Banks Act, 1920

Imperial War Museum Act, 1920.

Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920.

. 28 appl. (mod.) (visiting forces).

. 170 (1) (2) rep.

Rep

. 14 (b) subst.

(for s. 14 (b) (c)I . 17 (b) subst. (prosp.)

(for s. 17 (b (c)).

. 10 rep. in pt.

Sch. 2 mod. (retrosp.) ... Rep.(E.)(.)

Appl. (mod.) ...

. 2 appl. in pt. (mod.)

Ss. 3, 5, 6 appl. (mod.)

(.) (temp.).

Sch. 2 am.

. 4 appl. (visiting forces) . 1 cont. until 31.12.55

Am. (transfer of powers, etc.) (.).

. 1 rep. ... . 2 rep....

Ss. 3, 4, 6, 10 (2) rep., 10 (3) rep. in pt.

. 3 (2) rep. in pt.

Excl. (.)

Excl. (E.)

Appl. (mod.) (.)

.l. No. 635, art. 12, sch. 4, paras. 5, 8 (1). 36, ss. 1, 8 (3), sch.

63, s. 82 (1), sch. 3.

70, s. 188, sch. 4.

70, s. 188, sch. 4.

44, s. 35 (9), sch. 6.

44, s. 3 (3) (6). 46, s. 2 (4).

72, ss. 6 (1), 30

(1).

73, ss. 6 (2), 31

(1).

72, s. 65 (1).

73, s. 65 (1).

42, s.ll(3).

54, s. 4 (3).

.I. No. 635, art. 11, sch. 3.

69, s. 1 (1).

60, ss. 1 (1), (4), 15 (1), sch. 1, Pt. 111.

26

82

(1),

(1),

(1),

(1),

(1).

62, s. sch.

63, s. sch. 3.

63, s. 82 sch. 3.

62, s. 26 sch.

63, s. 82 sch. 3.

65, s. 8 (2), sch. 2.

50, ss. 25, 27 (1).

53, ss. 11 (2), 33, 35 (1).

50, ss. 25 (5), (6), 26 (2) (6), (4), sch. 3.

xxxviii

Effect of Legislation

2&3EUZ.2

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Tnttmmfiit

10 A 11 Geo. 5.

c. 17 Increase of Rent and AppL (mod.) (E.) 53, ss. 33(5), (6),

Mortgage Interest 34 (2), (4), 37

(Restrictions) Act, (2), sch. 4.

1920— cont. AppL (mod.) (E.) 56, ss. 6 (1), <3,

(4).

. 2 am. (.) 50, s. 19.

am. (E.) 53, s. 27.

. 2 (1) (a) proviso restr. 53, s. 37 (7).

.?(l)(c)excl.(E.) ... . 2 (1) (a) expld. (.) ... 53, s. 37 (2) (b). 50,8.23.

expld. (E.) ... 53, s. 30.

excl. (E.) ... 53, s. 37 (2) (f>).

. 2 (2), (4). (5) rep. (.) rep. (E.) 50, s. 44 (3X sch. 4. 53, s. 54 (4),

sch. 5.

. 3 (2) am. (E.) rep. in pt. (E.)... 53, s. 44 (5) (st 53, ss. 44 (5) 54 (4), sch. 5. 53,8.45(1). 53, s. 44 (6). 50, s. 33 (2). 53, s. 42 (2).

. 12 (1) (a) expld. ... . 12 (1) () restr. . 12(l)U)ani.(.) ... am. (E.) ...

. 12 (7) excl. (.) 50, s. 32 (1).

. 15 (3) mod. (.) 50, s. 32 (1).

excl. (.) 50, s. 25 (I).

excl. (E.) 53, s. 33 (1).

expld. (E.) . 17 (1) appl. (E.) ... 56, s. 15 (1). 53, s. 48 (1).

c. 18 Finance Act, 1920 . 13 excl. (N.I.) (visiting .I. No. 635, ait

forces). 8(5).

c. 50 Mining Industry Act, . 18 expl. (E.) 70,s. 188, sch. 4.

1920. (.), 18 (3) am. (prosp.) (E.) (.). Ss. 19, 21 rep., (prosp.), (E.) (.) 25 rep. in pt., (prosp.) (E.) (.). Excl. (E.) (.) 70, s. 189, sch. 5.

c. 52 Ready Money Football 33, s. 10(1).

Betting Act, 1920.

c. 54 Seeds Act, 1920 . 1 am. 39, s. 12 (1M3X

. 6 restr. 39, s. 12 (4).

. 6 (2) am 39,s. 12(5).

c. 65 Employment of Women, Excl. (prosp.) . 1 (6) expl. (prosp.) ... 70, s. 132 (4).

Young Persons, and Children Act, 1920. 70, s. 188, sch. 4.

c. 67 Government of Ireland Limitation on powers of J 39, ss. 10 (12), 11 (4). 67, s. 35 (2).

Act, 1920. Pari, of N.I. relaxed. . 4 mod. . 6 mod. ... mod. (prosp.)

58, s. 5. 23, s. 2 (5). 39, s. 12(7). 63,s.83(2). 67,8.35(3).

11 & 12 Geo. 5:

c. 13 Captive Birds Shooting Rep 30, s. 15 (2),

(Prohibition) Act, 1921. sch. 6.

A.D. 1954

Effect of Legislation

XXXK

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

11 A 12 Geo. 5:

c. 42 Licensing Act, 1921 Ext ll,s.7(2).

. 5 (/) appL (visiting SJ. No. 635, art.

forces). 11, sch. 3.

. 8 am. 11. s. 11 (1),

sch. 2.

. 8 (2) appl. (visiting .I. No. 635, art.

forces). 11, sch. 3.

. 9 am 11, 8. 11 (1),

sch. 2.

c. 47 Safeguarding of Industries Pt. I cont. to 19.8.1959... 44,s.4.

Act, 1921.

c. 55 Railways Act, 1921 . 14 (1M3) rep. (saving) .I.No. 139, sch..

(prosp.). art. 9, sch. 3.

Pt. HI (ss. 20-61) restr. 64, s. 2 (6).

. 21 (2) mod 64, s. 4 (4).

. 54 (5) rep 64, s. 14 (1), sch.

2, Pt. I.

. 72 restr . 77 rep. 64, s. 2 (6). 64, s. 14 (1), sch. 2, Pt. III. 64, ss. 10 (1), 14

. 77 (1) rep

(1). sch. 2, Pt.

subst. (prosp.)... .I.NO. 139, sch..

art. 11.

. 77 (2) rep 64, ss. 10 (4), 14

(1), sch. 2, Pt. III.

Sch. 8 rep 64, s. 14 (1), sch. 2, Pt. 111.

c. 58 Trusts (Scotland) Act, . 10 (1) (a), sub-paras. 63, s. 41 (2)

1921. (6) and < J)appl.

12 A 13 Geo. 5:

c. 46 Electricity (Supply) Act, Am. (transfer of powers. 60, ss. 1 (1), (4),

1922. etc.) (.). 15 (1), sch. 1, Pt. 111.

c. 50 Expiring Laws Act, 1922 Sch. 1, Pt. I rep. in pt.... 30, s. 15 (2),

sch. 6.

13 A 14 Geo. 5:

c. 11 Special Constables Act, . 3 appl. (mod.) 32, ss. 6 (4), 9 (8),

1923. (visiting forces) sch. 3. .l. No. 635, art.

c. 14 Finance Act, 1923 . 11 ext. 44?*£(7).

c. 28 Intoxicating Liquor (Sale to Persons under Eigh- . 1 am. 11, ». 11 (IX- sch. 2.

teen) Act, 1923.

c. 32 Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Act, 1923. Ss. 5,18(1) rep. (.), 18 (3) rep. (.), in pt., 18 (4), (5jrep.(.). Ss. 5, 18 (1) rep. (E.), 18 50, s. 44 (3), sch. 4. 53, s. 54 (4),

sch. 5.

(3) rep. (B.), m pt. (E.), 18 (4), (5) rep. (E.). . 28 rep. (prosp.) (E.) (.)

c. 42 Workmen’s Compen- 70, s. 189, sch. 5.

sation Act, 1923.

14 A 15 Geo. 5:

c. 21 Finance Act, 1924 . 3 (1) am. ( . 3 (4) am. (retrosp.) ... 44, s. 3 (2), (6). 44, s. 3 (5). (6).

c. 24 Isle of Man (Customs) . 4 cont. until 1.8.55 ... 54,s.5(l).

Act, 1924.

Effect of Legislation

2 & 3 Fji7 :

jX

Chapter of 1W

Session and Act or mamba

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measoae or

of Measure Statutory irntnanct

15 A 16 Geo. 5: r 56, s. 8 (5), adt 2.

c. 18 Settled Land Act, 1925... Ss. 71, 73 ext. ... 1 pare. 6l 72,s.66(2)l

c. 19 Trustee Act, 1925 . l(l)(m),(*),appL ... 63, i41(J)b

c. 20 Law of Property Act, . 84 (12) am 56,8.52(1).

1925. . 99ext., 99(13)exd.... 56,8.36(4).

. 139 ext 56, a. 65 Gj.

c. 22 Land Charges Act, 1925 . 15 (6) appl. ... 23, a. 2(2). 72, ss. 28 <5. 57(2). 56, s. 8 (5), sch. 1

c. 24 Universities and College >

Estates Act, 1925. Ss. 26, 31 ext. ... < para. 6.

72, a. 66 0).

c. 31 Protection of Birds Act, Rep 30, s. 15 O

1925. sch. 6.

c. 36 Finance Act, 1925 . 4 restr. .L No. 696.

c. 49 Supreme Court of Judi- . 23 appl . 109 (2) proviso rep. in 44,s.28(2m 38, s. 6 (2), sch.

cature (Consolidation) Act, 1925. pt. . 109A (1) rep. in pt. ... . 119 (1) rep. in pt. ... 38, as. 3 Ci 6(2), eh. 38, ss. 3 (1) ml

6 (2), sch.

restr. 38, a. 3(1) (ft

. 119 (3) rep. . 120 exd 38, a. 6 (2X ach. 38,a.2(ft 38, ss. 2, 6 (21

. 128A (2) rep. in pt. ... 38, s. 6 (2)

Sch. 3, Pt. Ill superseded 38, a. 1.

(official referees).

c. 56 Isle of Man (Customs) Ss. 5,7 as am., cont. until 54, s. 5 (1).

Act, 1925. 1.8.55.

c. 67 Wireless Telegraphy (Ex- Expired (1.6.1954) See 1949, c. 54.

planation) Act, 1925. a. 18 sad SI 1954 No. 437

c. 84 Workmen's Compensa- Sch. 2 appl .I. No. 1443,

tion Act, 1925. art. 19 (ft

c. 90 Rating and Valuation . 64 (3) appl. (visiting .L No. 635, et

Act, 1925. forces). 9(1).

16 A17 Geo. 5:

c. 22 Finance Act, 1926 . 5 restr. .I. No. 696.

c. 27 Isle of Man (Customs) . 8 cont. until 1.8.55 ... 54, a. 5(1).

Act, 1926.

c. 28 Mining Industry Act, . 21 rep .(prosp. 70, as. 186, 189,

1926. sch. 5.

Electricity (Supply) Act, . 23 (3) (4) rep. in pt. (prosp.). . 23 (5) subst. (prosp.)... Am. (transfer of powers. 70, sa. 188,189. acha 4.5. 70, s. 188,sdU

c. 51 60, sa. 1 (I)(4k

1926. etc.) (.). 15 (1), sch. 1, Pt. 111.

c. 54 Wireless Telegraphy Expired (1.6.1954) See 1949. c. 54.

(Blind Persons Facili- s. 18 and SI

ties) Act, 1926. 1954 No. 437.

c. 59 Coroners (Amendment) Ss. 22 (3), 23, rep. (prosp.\ 31, s. 1, sch.

Act, 1926. 29 (2) (b) rep. in pt.

c. 63 Sale of Food (Weights (prosp.). . 10 ext. (E.) (prosp.) ... 67,8.29(3)

and Measures) Act, 1926.

A.D. 1954 Effect of Legislation xli

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

17 A 18 Geo. 5:

c. 23 c. 36 Crown Lands Act, 1927 Landlord and Tenant Act. 1927. . 15 appl. (E.) . 1 (1), paras. ( ) rep. and words sura. 56, s. : sch. 8, 56, s. 47 ( 56 (2). r-3-

. 2 (1) (6) restr. 56, s. 48 (1).

. 2 (1) (c) exd. . 2 (1) (a)exd. 56, s. 48 < ;2).

56, s. 48 < :3).

. 3 restr. 00 SO i).

Ss. 4, 5 rep. 56, ss. 45, , 68 (2),

schs. 7 , Pt. 1,

9, paras. 8, 9.

Ss. 6, 7 rep 56, s. 45, Pt. I. sch. 7,

. 8 (1) rep. in pt. 56, ss. 45, 68 (1),

sch. 7, Pts.1,11

. 9, proviso, rep. (saving) Ss.l3(l)(h)rq>.inpt,(3) rep. m pt., and 15 (3) rep. 56, s. 49. sch. 7,

. 21 subst . 22 rep. 56, s. 63 (10). 56, s. 68 (1),

sch. 7, Pt. II.

. 23 appl . 23 (2) appl 56, s. 66 (4). 56, s. 51 (4).

Sch. 1, paras. (1), (2), (6) 56, s. 45, Pt.I. sch. 7,

rep. in pt

c. 37 Road Transport Lighting . 1(1) (b)exd. .I. No. 1281,

Act, 1927. reg. 6.

. 1 (3) appl. (visiting .I. No. 635, art.

forces). . 7 (2) exd 8(4). .I. Nos. 1105,

reg. 72 reg. 6. . 1281,

18 A 19 Geo. 5:

a2 Protection of Lapwings Rep 30, s. 15 (2).

Act, 1928. sch. 6.

c. 13 Currency and Bank Notes Ss. 1,2 rep 12, s. 4 (2).

Act, 1928. . 3 expld 12, s. 2 (10).

. 8 rep 12, s. 4 (2).

c. 17 Finance Act, 1928 . 23 rep 44, s. 35 (9),

sch. 6.

c. 26 Administration of Justice Ss. 1 (3), rep., 1 (4)3,4 38, s. 6 (2), sch.

Act, 1928. rep. in pt.

c. 29 Slaughter of Animals . 1 (2) am 59, s. 11 (1),

(Scotland) Act, 1928. sch. 2, Pt. I. 59, ss. 5 (5), 11

. 1 (3) rep

(1), sch. 2, Pt.

II.

. 2 am 59, s. 3.

. 2 (7) added 59, s. 11 (1),

sch. 2, Pt. I.

. 4 am 59, s. 6.

. 5 (1) (2) rep., (3) rep. 59, s. 11 (1),

inpt sch. 2, Pt. II.

c. 44 Rating and Valuation . 3 (4) saved (prosp.) 70, s. 191 (7).

(Apportionment) Act, (definition of4* mine "). . 4 (2) appl. (mod.) ... 44, ss. 28 (8),

35 (8).

xlii

Effect of Legislation

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

19 A20 Geo. 5:

c. 17 Local Government Act, . 136, sch. 11 rep. ... 64.ss.ll, 14(1).

1929. sch. 2, Pt IL

c. 27 Savings Banks Act, 1929 Ss. 1-4 rep 63. «. (1),

sch. 3.

• . 5 rep 62, s. 26 (1), sch. 63, s. 82 (IX

sch. 3. 63, s. 82 (IX sch. 3. 62, s. 26 (1), sch. 63, s. 82 (IX sch. 3. 63, s. 82 (IX

Ss. 6-9 rep

Ss. 10,13 rep. ... |

Ss. 14-19 rep

sch. 3.

. 20 (2) rep. ... | 62, s.26(l), sch. 63, s. 82 (IX

sch. 3.

c. 29 Government Annuities . 2 am 44, s. 34 (4X

Act, 1929. sch. 5.

c. 31 Pharmacy Act, 1929 ... Rep 61, s. 25 (2X

sch. 4.

20 A 21 Geo. 3:

c. 1 Isle of Man (Customs) . 3 eont. until 1.8.55 ... 54,8.5(1).

Act, 1929.

c. 28 Finance Act, 1930 . 48 am. 44, s. 34 (4X

sch. 5.

c. 43 Road Traffic Act, 1930... Exd. (exc. s. 121 (2)) .L No. 635, art

(visiting forces). 8(1>* ,

. 65 ext. 64, s. 2, sch. 1,

. 72 appl. . 72 (7) rep PL IV, para. 24. 64,s.i a). 64, s. 14 (1),

sch. 2, PL IL 64, s. 14 (IX

. 94 (A) rep.

sch. 2, PL IV.

. 104 (1) proviso, rep.. 64, s. 14 (1),

104 (2) rep. in pL sch. 2, PL IL

. 121 (2) appl. (mod.) .L No. 635, art

(visiting forces). 8(2).

C.A.M. No. 6 ... Clergy Pensions (Older Transfer of certain'

Incumbents) Measure, powers to Church

1930. Commrs. ► Ss.3,4. Power to in- C A.M. No. 4.

clude rates of pensions-

21 A 22 Geo. 5:

C.A.M. No. 7 Cathedrals Measure, 1931 . 20 expld. CJLM. No. 3,

s. 1.

22 & 23 Geo. 5:

c. 8 Import Duties Act, 1932 Sch. 1 am. .I. Nos. 149,

178, 297, 695, 1093, 1234, 1556, 1634, 1654.

c. 10 Veterinary Surgeons (Irish Sch., clauses 3 (2), 4, 6 SeeS.LNo.55a

Free State Agreement) Act, 1932. (termination).

c. 25 Finance Act, 1932 . 5 restr. .I. No. 696.

A.D. 1954

Effect of Legislation

xliii

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

22 & 23 Geo. 5:

c. 38 Hire Purchase and Small . 1 am. 51, s. 4 (1).

Debt (Scotland) Act, . 10 (1) (meaning of 51,s.4(2).

1932. " instalment ") ext

c. 41 Isle of Man (Customs) . 9 cont. until 1.8.55 ... 54, s. 5 (1).

(No. 2) Act, 1932.

23 & 24 Geo. 5:

c. 17 Protection of Animals . 1 (4) am 40, s. 3.

(Cruelty to Dogs) Act, 1933.

c. 19 Finance Act, 1933 . 9 restr. .l. No. 696.

c. 25 Pharmacy and Poisons Ss. 1-7 rep 61, s. 25 (2),

Act, 1933. sch. 4.

. 9 (2) saved rep. in pt. 61, s. 19 (1). 61, s. 25 (2),

sch. 4.

. 10 (1) saved .11A added . 14 (1) (5) rep. in pt... 61, s. 19 (1). 61, s. 25 (1), sch. 3. 61, s. 25 (2), sch. 4. 61, s. 25 (1), sch. 3. 61, s. 25 (2),

Ss. 25 (1) (4), 29 am. ...

Sch. 1 rep

sch. 4.

c. 32 Rent and Mortgage .3(2M5)appl.(E.) ... 56, ss. 12, 13,

Interest Restrictions sch. 3, para. 2.

(Amendment) Act, 1933. Ss. 4 (4), 6 appl. (mod.XS.) 50, s. 25, sch. 3.

appl.(mod.XE.) 53, s. 33, sch. 4.

. 12 rep. (.) 50, s. 44 (3), sch. 4. 53, s. 54 (4),

rep. (E.)

sch. 5.

' . 15 (a) rep. in pt. 50, s. 44 (3),

sch. 4.

Sch. 1 para, (a) restr.(E.) ext (E.) 56, s. 10 (2). 56, s. 8 (2), (5),

schs. 1 para. 17,2 para. 4.

para. (6) restr. (E.) 56, s. 10 (2).

para, () saved (.) 50, s. 32 (2).

saved (E.) 56, s. 15 (2).

para, (g) rep. in pt. 53, s. 54 (4),

(E.). sch. 5.

para, (g) (ii) rep. 53, ss. 43, 54 (4),

(E.). sch. 5.

para. (A) appl. 50, s. 25, sch. 3.

(mod.) (.). para. (A) appl. 53, s. 33, sch. 4.

(mod.) (E.).

c. 38 Summary Jurisdiction Ss. 7, 8 appl 33, s. 1(5).

(Appeals) Act, 1933.

c. 39 Slaughter of Animals . 1(1) ext 59,8.4(1).

Act, 1933. . 1 (1) proviso (a) rep. 59, ss. 4 (2), 11(1),

Ss. 1 (2), 2 rep sch. 2, Pt. II. 59, s. 11 (1),

sch. 2, Pt. II.

. 3 am 59, s. 3.

xliv Effect of Legislation 2 & 3 . 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

23 & 24 Geo. 5:

c. 39 Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933—cont. Ss. 3 (1) (3) am., 3 (4) proviso added, 3 (5) am. . 4 rep . 5 rep. . 7 am. . 8(l)expld . 9 am. Sch. 2 rep 59, s. 11, sch. 2, PL I. 59. ss. 2 (6), 11 (1), «h. 2. PL IL 59, ss. 5 (5), 11(1), sch. 2, PL 1L 59,8.6. 59,8.10(2). 59, a. 11 (1), sch. 2, PL I. 59, s. 11 (IX sch. 2, PL 0.

c. 40 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1933. . 4 cont until 1.8.55 ... . 7 (1) am. 54,8.5(1). 54, s. 4 (2X

c. 51 Local Government Act, 1933. . 59 (1) (b)(e) appL. ... Pt. VI (ss. 129-155) exd. (prosp.) .290(2H5)appl. ... .I. No. 224, an. 9. 67, s. 14 (6X 64,s.6(5).

c. 52 Protection of Birds Act, 1933. Rep 30, s. 15 (2), sch. 6.

c. 53 Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933. PL 1 (ss. 1-36) exd. (visiting forces). Ss. 37 (exc. subs. (13)), 38, rep. . 47 appl .I. No. 635, art. 8(1). 64, s. 14 (1), sch. 2, PL IL 64, s. 2, sch. 1, PL IV pan. 17 (4).

24 & 25 Geo. 5:

c. 25 Protection of Animals (Cruelty to Dogs) (Scotland) Act, 1934. . 1 (4) am. 40, s. 3.

c. 30 Cotton Manufacturing Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1934. Ss. l,2cont until 31.12.55 69, s. 1 (1).

c. 32 Finance Act, 1934 . 23 (4) rep Sch. 2 am. 44, s. 35 (9X sch. 6. .I. No. 969.

c. 36 Petroleum (Production) Act, 1934. . 7 am. iprosp.) 70, s. 188, sch. 4.

c. 37 Trustee Savings Banks (Special Investments) Act, 1934. Rep 63, s. 82 (IX sch. 3.

c. 41 Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1934. . 1 (3) (b) rep. in pL ... 36, ss. 4, 7 (2), 8 (3), sch.

c. 50 Road Traffic Act, 1934... . 1 coot, as amd. until 31.12.55. . 25(1) mod. 69,s.l(l). 64, s. 2, sch. 1, PL I.

c. 53 County Courts Act, 1934 . Ill saved 56, s. 63 (9).

c. 58 Betting and Lotteries Act, 1934. . 5 appl. in pt. Ss. 29, 30(1) appl. ... 33, s. 9 (1). 33, s. 8 (3).

25 & 26 Geo. 5:

c. 18 National Gallery (Overseas Loans) Act, 1935. Rep. (saving) 65,ss.4(9), 8 (2). sch. 2.

A.D. 1954

Effect of Legislation

xlv

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

Statutory Instrument

26 Geo. 5 and

1 Edw. 8: c. 22 Hours erf Employment . 1 (2) expl. (prosp.) (E.) 70, s. 188, sch. 4.

(Conventions) Act, 1936 (.). . 2 rep. (prosp.) (E.) (.) 70, s. 189, sch. 5.

c. 39 Firearms (Amendment) . 2 (1) (a) and appl. .I. No. 635, art.

Act, 1936. (visiting forces). 11, sch. 3.

c. 45 Isle erf Man (Customs) . 3 cont. until 1.8.55 ... 54, s. 5 (1).

Act, 1936.

c. 49 Public Health Act, 1936 . 71 (c) appl . 92 ext (prosp.) 32, s. 5 (5). 70, s. 151 (2) (3).

. 96 mod. (prosp.) Ss. 106,146 appl. (visiting 70, s. 151 (3). .I. No. 635, art.

forces). 14 (2).

. 199 (1) appl. (visiting .I. No. 635, art.

forces). 11, sch. 3.

c. 50 Public Health (London) . 135 (4) appl. (visiting .I. No. 635, art

Act, 1936. forces). 11, sch. 3.

Ss. 144,145 am. 59, ss. 1, 10 (1).

. 154 appl. (visiting .I. No. 635, art.

forces). 14(2).

. 155 rep 53, ss. 11 (5) (b).

54 (4), sch. 5.

. 193 appl. (visiting .I. No. 635, art.

forces). 14(1).

. 282 ext. (prosp.) Ss 300-1 rep. (City) ... 70, s. 151 (4). xxvii, ss. 18, 22

. 304 (1) appl. (visiting .l. No. 635, art.

forces). 11, sch. 3.

. 304 (1). Definitions of 59, s. 11 (1), sch.

"knacker* and " slaughterer * am. 2 Pt I.

c. 51 Housing Act, 1936 Sch. 5 ext. (prosp.) 70, s. 151 (4).

. 2 excl. 53, s. 20 (2).

. 2 (1) rep. in pt. . 6 rep 53, s. 54 (4), sch. 5. 53, ss. 11 (5) (a).

54 (4), sch. 5.

Ss. 7-8 rep., 9 (1), rep. in 53, s. 54 (4), sch.

pt. 5.

. 11 mod 53, s. 3.

. 13 (1) mod 53, s. 5 (1).

. 15 appl 53, s. 3 (3), 11 (4),

12(5).

. 16 (4) appl . 22 saved 53, s. 3 (5). 53, s. 9 (2).

. 24 rep. in pt. 53, s. 54 (4),

sch. 5.

Pt. lll(ss. 25-56) excl.... 53, s. 2 (3).

saved 53, s. 14 (2).

. 25 (1) (a) rep. in pt.... 53, s. 54 (4),

sch. 5.

. 25 (3) mod 53, s. 2 (1).

para, (b) ext.... 53, s. 2 (4).

. 26 (3) mod 53, s. 4 (4) (a).

. 29 (2) restr 53, s. 2 (2).

excl 53, s. 2 (5).

. 30 mod 53, s. 2 (1).

. 33, proviso (a), rep.... 53, ss. 21 (2), 54

(4), sch. 5.

1 . 35 (3) (b)am. 53, s. 50 (2) (a).

xlvi

Effect of Legislation

2&3EUZ.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

26 Geo. 5 and 1 Edw. 8

c. 51 ...

Housing Act, 1936—

. 40 (2) rep. in pt

... 53. s. 54 (4),

sch. 5.

C.A.M. No.

Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Measure, 1936.

. 41 appl

Ss. 42(1), 51(1) rep. in pt

Pt. IV (ss. 57-70) saved... Pt V (ss. 71-104) appl.... . 91 (2) rep. in pt.

. 128 ext

Ss. 129 (1) (e), 130 (2) ext.

. 145 mod.

. 145 (3) am

. 155 mod.

excl.

. 157() ext

. 167 saved

. 175 (1) (o) rep.

. 188(1) ext

rep. in pt. ...

. 188 (4) rep

Sch. 1, para. 3 ext....

para. 4 am.

Sch. 3, para. 1 restr. ... para. 2 rep. in pt

para. 3 (6) ext...

am.... para. 5 am.

. 1 rep. ...

(4).

(IX

53, s. 14, sch. 1, para. 2 (2).

53, s. 54 (4), sch. 5.

53, s. 12(7).

53, s. 20(1).

53, s. 54 sch. 5.

53, s. 15 (1).

53, s. 8 (3X

53, s. 14(3).

53. s. 14 sch. 1, pan. 3.

53,s.4(4)(6). 53,*.6 ax

53,8.12(5).

53, s. 14. sch. 1, para. 1 (3).

53, s. 54 (4), sch. 5.

53,s. 7(5).

53, s. 54 <4X sch. 5.

53, ss. 9 (3) («X 54 (4), sch. 5.

53, s. 14 (1), sch. 1, pan. 1 (1)(2).

53, s. 14 (1), sch. 1, para. 2 (IX

53, s. 4 (2X

53, s. 54 (4X sch. 5.

53, s. 14 (IX sch. 1, para. 1 (I) (2).

53, s. 50 (2) 0X

53, s. 14 (IX sch. 1, pan. 2(1).

CA.M. No. 1, s.2.

1 Edw. 8 and 1 Geo. 6: c. 2

c. 6

c. 12

c. 35

Railway Freight Rebates Act, 1936.

Public Order Act, 1936...

Firearms Act, 1937

Statutory Salaries Act, 1937.

Rep.

. 4 (2) am.

. 5 appl (visiting forces)

. 2 (2) rep., sch. 2 rep. so far as relating to the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

64.ss.ll, 14 (IX sch. 2, PL IL

5.1. No. 635, art. 11, sch. 3.

5.1. No. 635, art. 11, sch. 3.

38, s. 6 (2). sch.

A.D. 1954

Effect of Legislation

xlvii

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1 Edw. 8 and

1 Geo. 6.: c. 37 Children and Young Per- . 17 am 11. s. 11 (1),

sons (Scotland) Act, 1937. sch. 2.

c. 34 Finance Act, 1937 . 4 (1) rep. in pt., 4 (4) 44, ss. 6, 35 (9).

rep. sch. 6.

c. 62 Coal Mines (Employment of Boys) Act, 1937. Rep. (prosp.) 70, s. 189, sch. 5.

c. 64 Isle of Man (Customs) . 3 cent until 1.8.55 ... 54.s.5(l).

Act, 1937.

c. 67 Factories Act, 1937 Ext. (atomic energy 32, s. 6 (4),

authority). sch. 3.

Excl. in pt. (prosp.) (cer- 70, s. 184.

tain premises in

mines or quarries). . 21 (1) appl. . 29 excl. (visiting forces) 5.1. No. 921. 5.1. No. 635, art.

15 (3).

Ss. 107,108 restr. (prosp.) 70, s. 184 (5).

(mines or quarries). . 150 appl. (visiting .I. No. 635, art

forces). 15 (2).

. 151 (5) rep. (prosp.) ... . 151 (9) appl. (visiting 70, s. 189, sch. 5. .I. No. 635, art.

forces). 15 (1).

. 158 (l)-(3) rep. (p 70, s. 189, sch. 5.

c. 68 Local Government Super- Appl. (mod.) .I. Nos. 1049,

annuation Act, 1937. teg. 4, 1050, reg.3.

c. 70 Agriculture Act, 1937 ... . 1 ext 39, s. 2.

1 A 2 Geo. 6:

c. 5 Quail Protection Act, Rep 30, s. 15 (2),

1937. sch. 6.

c. 12 Population (Statistics) Act, 1938. Coot as amd. until 31.12.55. 69,s 1(1).

c. 26 Increase of Rent and . 7 (2) appl. (E.) 53, s. 24 (4).

Mortgage Interest . 7 (5) ext. (E.) . 8 (3) () (i) rep. 53, s. 47 (2).

(Restrictions) Act, 50, s. 44 (3),

1938. sch. 4.

c. 34 Leasehold Property (Repairs) Act, 1938. Appl 56, s. 51 (3).

Ss. 1 (1) (2), (5) (b) (c), 3 56, s. 51 (2).

am.

. 4 rep . 7 (1) am 56, s. 51(2X/). 56,s.51 (2) (g).

c. 41 Baking Industry (Hours Rep. (prosp.) 57 ss 12 (2),

of Work) Act, 1938. 13 (2).

c. 46 Finance Act, 1938 . 42 (5) excl .I. No. 1366.

Sch. 4, Pt. I appl. 44,s. 17 (6)

c. 48 Criminal Procedure Ss. 1-6,14 (2) rep. 48, s. 78 (1),

(Scotland) Act, 1938. sch. 4.

c. 53 Hire-Purchase Act, 1938 . 1 (a) rep., 1 (c) am. . 12 (4) (b) mod., 12 (5) 51,8.1(1). 51,s.2(3).

excl. . 13 (4) (a) (c) expld. ... 51,s.2(l).

. 20 ext. (mod.) 51, s. 1 (2).

xlviii

Effect of Legislation

2 &3Euz.2

Session and

Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or

Statutory

Instrument

1 A 2 Geo. 6:

c. 53 ...

c. 56 ...

Hire Purchase Act, 1938 —cont.

Food and Drugs Act, 1938.

. 21 (1) (definition of 44 hire-purchase price *) expid.

. 21 (1) rep. in pt. (definition of 44 motor vehicle44).

Power to apply (Crown)

(prosp.)

Ss. 1,2 rep. (prosp.) ...

. 3 am. (prosp.) expid. (prosp.)

. 3 (2) rep. (prosp.). ...

.4(lM3),(5)rep. (prosp.)

. 4 proviso, para, (a) ... rep. (prosp.)

. 5 rep. (prosp.)

. 6expl .(prosp.)

saved (pro.) restr. (prosp.)

. 6 (1) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

am. (prosp.) ...

51, s. 3 (1).

51, s. 1 (1).

67, s. 30(1).

67, ss. 1 (7), 36 (2), tch. 4.

67, 2(1), (2).

67, s. 33 (6).

67, ss. 3 (5), 36 (2) (4), sch. 4.

67, ss. 2 (3), 36 (2). sch. 4.

67, ss. 3 (5), 36 (2) (4), sch. 4.

67, ss. 2 (3), 36 (2), sch. 4.

67, ss. 5 (1) 33(6).

67, s. 5 (3).

67,s. 16(5).

67, s. 36 (1) ax sch. 3,4.

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

. 6 (2) am .(prosp

. 7 rep. (saving) (prosp.)

. 8 rep. (E.) (prosp.) ...

. 9 (4) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 10 mod. (prosp.) ... Ss. 10 (1) (4), 11 (l)am.

(prosp.)

. 12 am. (prosp.)

rep. in pt. (prosp.)

. 12 proviso, para, (a) am.

s/?2 proviso, para, (a) (iii) rep. (prosp.)

. 13 (1H5) rep. (prosp.)

. 13 ($ am. (prosp.) ...

. 14 am. (prosp.)

power to ext.(prosp.) power to excl.(prosp.) . 14 (1) expid. (prosp.)

. 14 (3) subst. (prosp.)

am. (prosp.) ... . 14 (7) and (7A) subst.

(for s.14 (7)) (prosp.)

. 14 (8) zxn.(prosp.)...

67, s. 36 (IX sch. 3.

67, ss. 3 (5), 36 (2) (3) (a) (4X

sch. 4. 67,88.3(5X5(7), 6 (9), 36 (2) (3) (a) (4X sch. 4. 67, ss. 26 (2), 36 (2), sch. 4.

67, s. 5 (4X 67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

67, s. 36 (IX 3

67, s.* 36 (1) schs.3,4.

67, s. 36 (1) sch. 3.

67, s. 36 (1) (2), schs. 3, 4.

67, ss. 6 (9X 36 (2), sch. 4.

67, ss. 6 (9), 36 (IX sch. 3.

67, s. 8.

67, s. 9.

67, s. 10(2).

67, s. 33 (6X

67,s.8(3).

67, s. 17.

67,8.8(4).

67,s.8(5).

A.D. 1954

Effect of Legislation

xlix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1 & 2 Geo. 6:

c. 56 ...

Food and Drugs Act, 1938—eont.

. 16(1) rep. inpt. (prosp.) . 19 (1) subst (prosp.)

. 30 rep. (E.) (prosp.)

. 31 rep. (E.) (prosp.)

. 32 rep. (prosp.)

. 33 rep. (E.) (prosp.)...

Ss. 34, 35 rep. (prosp.)...

. 36 rep. (prosp.)

. 37(1) (2) (4) am. (prosp.)

. 37 (5) subst. (prosp.)

. 38 (1) (4) am. (prosp.)

Ss. 40-43 rep. (E.) (prosp.)

Pt. V (ss. 44-63) ext. ...

Ss. 46,47. Functions of' Secy, of State trans. to M/Housing and Local Govt.

. 50. Functions of Secy, of State as to confirming byelaws trans. to M/Housing and Local Govt

. 56. Functions of Secy, of State trans. to M/Housing and Local Govt.

. 57 excl

saved

am.

. 57 (2), proviso, para.

(a) am.

. 57 (2), proviso, para.

(b) , 57 (3) rep . 57 (4) (5) am.

. 57 (6) saved ... am.

. 57 (7) excl. ... . 58 (1) rep. in pt.

am. (prosp.) ... . 60 (1) ext

67, s. 36 (1) (2X schs. 3,4.

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

67, ss.3(5), 6(9), 36 (3) (a) (4), sch. 4.

67, ss. 3 (5), 36 (2) (4), sch. 4.

67, ss. 3 (5), 5 (7), 36 (2), sch. 4.

67, ss. 5 (7), 36 (2), sch. 4.

67, s. 36 (1) (2), schs. 3,4.

67, s. 36 sch. 4.

67, s. 36 sch. 3.

67, s. 36 sch. 3.

67, s. 36 sch. 3.

67, ss. 3 (5), 36 (2), sch. 4.

42, s. 1 (2).

(2),

(1),

(1),

(1).

.l. No. 141.

42,8.3(2).

42,8.3(3).

59, s. 1.

42, s. 3 (4) (b).

42, ss. 3 (4) (a\ 20 (5), sch. 2.

59, s. 11 (1), sch. 2, Pt. 1.

42, s. 3 (3).

59, s.l(3) (a).

59. s. 11 (1), sch. 2, Pt. 1.

42, s. 3 (1).

59, s. 11 Cl), sch. 2, Pt. It

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

42,8.1(2).

1

Effect of Legislation

2&3Elg_:

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

1 A 2 Geo. 6.:

c. 56 ...

Chapter of Wn

Short title or Subject

How affected

Act or aab of Ucan« Statatty

Intnnat

Food and Drugs Act, 1938—com.

. 60 (2) (a)rep. in pc am.

59, s. 11 sch. 2, ft.II 67, s. 36 i. sch.3.

. 60 (2) (b) rep.

. 60 (2) (c) am.

. 61 saved

. 61 (2) am

am.

. 61 (3) ext. (mod.) ... . 61 (5) rep

. 61 (6) rep

. 63 rep. in pt. (prosp.)

42, sa. 2 (4| i.

20(5).«h: 67, s. 36 | sch.3.

42,8.3(5), si pan. 2 42,1.4(1). 67,a.28(l)Z 42, 8.4(3). 42, m. 4 >5 20(5X«h: 42, a. 5 ' 20(5)t*h: 67, s. 36 sdL 3.

. 64 rep. in pt. (prosp.)

. 65 (1) rep. in pt. (prosp.) . 65 (1) () rep. (prosp.)

67, m. U it 36(2k«14 67, s. 36 (1; : schs. 3,4. 67, s. 36 C

sch. 4.

. 65 (3) excL (prosp.)

. 68 (1) (2) am. (prosp.)

67, s. 29 (2). 67, s. 36 j. sch.3.

. 68 (3) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 68 (4) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

am. (prosp

. 68 (5) am. (prosp ) ...

. 68 (7) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 68 (8) (9) rep. (prosp.)

. 69 (1) (2) am. (prosp.)

. 69 (3H6) subst (for s.69(3)(4)>. (prosp.)

. 70 rep. (prosp

. 71 (2) saved (prosp.)

. 72 (1) am. (praip.) ...

. 72 (1) (a) mod. (prosp.)

73 rep. (prosp.)

. 77 am. (prosp.)

excl .(prosp)

. 77 (2) rep. in pt. (prosp.)

am. (prosp.) ...

. 77 (3) (4) am. (prosp.)

. 77 (7) rep. (prosp.)

. 78 (2) am. (prosp.) ...

67, is. 19 £ 36(2), kL 4 67, n. 19 if 36(2),«h4 67, s. 36 «i sch.3.

67, s. 36 sch.3.

67, ss. 19, if 36 (2),seh.4 67, s. 36 (1) C schs.3,4. 67, &. 36 «■ sch. 3. 67,8.21(4).

67, ss. 20 (5 36 (2), sch. 4 67,s.ll(5l 67, s. 36 (1

•rh 3.

67, s. 21 (11 67, m. 23 (X 36(2),Kh4 67, s. 22 (1) (H 67,s.29(3).

67, s. 36 sch. 4.

67. u. 22 23(2). 67,8.22(2).

67, s. 36 (Da schs.3,4.

67, s. 36 (I) sch.3.

A.D. 1954

Effect of Legislation

li

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

1 & 2 Geo. 6: c. 56.

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

Food and Drugs Act, 1938-<»i*f.

. 78 (3) excl.

. 78 (3) proviso am.

(prosp.)

. 79 rep. (prosp.)

67, s. 24 (3).

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

67, s. 36 (2), sch. 4.

. 80 (1) am. (prosp.)

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

. 80 (1) proviso (a) subst.

(prosp.)

. 80 (2) (3) am. (prosp.)

. 81 (4) am. (prosp.)

67, s. 25.

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

. 82 (1) am. (prosp.) ...

. 84 (1) am. (prosp.) ...

. 84 (1) (a) subst. (prosp.)

. 84 (2) (a) am. (prosp.)

. 84 (2) (c) subst. (prosp.)

Ss. 84 (3) (5), 85 (1H3) am. (prosp.)

. 86 excl.

Ss. 87, 88 appl

. 89 appl

am. (prosp.)

. 90 appl

. 90 (1) am

a.m. (prosp.)

. 90 (2) am. (prosp.) ...

. 91. Confirmation of byelaws, etc., under ss. 50, 56 transferred to M/Housing and Local Govt.

. 91 (3) added (prosp.)...

. 92 (2) (o) (e) (/), (3) (4) am. (E).. (prosp.)

. 92 (5) rep. (prosp.) ...

. 94 (1) (2) am., s.94(3) subst. (prosp.)

. 96 saved

. 96 (1) excl. in pt. (prosp.)

. 97 am. ( pro

67, s. 21 (3).

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

42, s. 5 (9).

42, s. 3 (5), sch. 1, para. 4.

42, s. 3 (5), sch. 1, para. 4.

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

42, s. 3 (5), sch. 1, para. 4.

59, s. 11 (1), sch. 2, PL I.

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

.I. No. 141.

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

67, s. 36 (2), sch. 4.

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

42, s. 1 (2).

67, s. 34 (2).

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

. 100 (1) rep. in pt. ...

rep.inpt .(prosp.) am. (prosp.) ... excl. (prosp.)...

42, s. 20 (5), sch. 2.

67, s. 36 (2), sch. 4.

67, s. 36 (1), sch. 3.

67, s. 34 (4).

lii

Effect of Legislation

2 A 3 Buz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected

1 A2 Geo.6: c. 56—coni. Food and Drugs Act, 1938—coni. . 100 (2) (6) rep. (prosp.) . 102 (2) rep. in pt. (prosp.) ext (prosp.)... Sch. 3, paras. (2) (3) am.

c. 67 Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act, 1938. (prosp.) . 4 rep. in pt

c. 69 Young Persona (Employment) Act, 1938. . 3 (3) subst. (prosp.) ...

c. 73 2 ft 3 Geo. 6.: Nursing Homes Registration (Scotland) Act, 1938. . 10 appl. (visiting forces)

c. 7 Currency and Bank Notes Act, 1939. Ss. 1,4 rep

c. 19 Wild Birds (Duck and Geese) Protection Act, 1939. R«P

c. 21 Limitation Act, 1939 ... . 2 (1) proviso added ... . 21 rep . 22 rep. in pt. . 22 (2) added . 31 (1) am. . 31 (2M4) appl . 32, proviso, rep.

c. 31 Civil Defence Act, 1939... . 36 rep. in pt. . 36 (2) (b) rep. in pt . 37 rep. in pt . 39 rep. in pt . 39(1) (2) revived (mod.) . 39 (3) rep. in pt Ss. 40,41 (2) rep. in pt... Ss. 62 (1M3). 76-78 appL (mod.). . 79 revived in pt. Ss.. 80, 83 (3) (4) appL (mod.). . 90 (2) appL (mod.) ... . 91 (20) revived in pt... . 91 (28) revived in pt...

c. 38 Ministry of Supply Act, 1939. Functions of Min. of Materials trans. to Bd. of Trade. Appl. (visiting forces) ... . 19 ext ext. (visiting forces)

c. 43 Prevention of Damage by Rabbits Act, 1939. . 5 (1) rep., 5 (2) rep. in pt.

Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

67, s. 36 (ft sch. 4.

67, a. 36 (ft sch. 4.

67, a. 35 (ft sch. 2.

67, a. 36 (ft ach. 3.

38,8.6®, act

70, s. 188, adL 4.

SX No. 635, art. 11, aefa. 3.

12, *.4(2).

30, s. 15 (ft adL 6.

36, a. 2 (1).

36, ss. I. 8 (ft aefa.

36, a. 8 (3X aefa.

36,8.2(21.

36,a.2(3).

58,8.3(4).

36, a. 8 (3), aefa.

SX No. 274.

SX Nos. 269, 377,45ft

SX Nos. 269, 274,377,45a

5.1. Noe. 269, 274.

SX Nos. 377, 450.

19, a. 1.

5.1. No. 274.

5.1. Nos. 269, 274. 377,45a

5.1. Nos. 269, 274,377,45a

5.1. Nos. 20, 274, 377,450.

SX No. 274.

.L No. 274.

SX Nos. 2®, 274, 377,45a

5.1. No. 1028.

.L No. 635, art 4(2).

32,8.6(4), ach. 1 SX No. 635, ait 4(1).

68, a. 15 (ft aefa

A.D. 1954

Effect of Legislation

liii

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

2 & 3 Geo. 6:

c. 50 Prevention of Violence Expired 31.12.54.

(Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939.

c. 68 Armed Forces (Condi- Rep 10, s. 5 (1), sch.

tions of Service) Act, 1939.

c. 71 Rent and Mortgage .3(2)(c)iep.(.) ... 50, ss. 25 (6),

Interest Restrictions 44 (3), sch. 4.

Act, 1939. rep. (E.) ... 53, ss. 33 (6),

54 (4), sch. 5. 50, s. 44 (3),

. 8 () rep.

sch. 4.

c. 75 Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939. . 2 (1) (b)restr. ( . 2 (1) proviso (ii) exd./ 72, s. 53. 73, s. 55. 72, s. 53(3). 73, s. 55 (3).

c. 81 National Service (Armed . 21 (2) (as saved by 1948^ 10, s. 5 (1), sch.

Forces) Act, 1939. c. 64, s. 60 (2)) rep.

c. 89 Trading with the Enemy Saved .l. Nos. 1463,

Act, 1939. 1464.

c. 90 Military and Air Forces Rep 10, s. 5 (1), sch.

(Prolongation of Ser-

vice) Act, 1939. r 55, s. 12 (2).

c. 117 National Loans Act, 1939 Appl i 72, s. 64 (2). 73, s. 64 (2).

. 3 (4) rep 44, s. 35 (9),

sch. 6.

3 & 4 Geo. 6:

c. 25 Post Office and Telegraph . 3 rep 28, s. 2 (5), sch.

Act, 1940. . 4 am. 28, s. 1 (2).

exd. 28, s. 1 (3).

c. 29 Finance Act, 1940 . 50 (1) expld. (deaths 44, ss. 30 (3),

after 29.7.54). 31 (7).

appl. (deaths after 29.7.54). 44, s. 31 (5) (7).

. 55 am. (deaths after 44, ss. 28-30,

29.7.54). 31 (7).

. 55 (1) (3) rep. in pt. (deaths after 29.7.54). 44, ss. 29 (1), 31 (7), 35 (9),

sch. 6.

. 55 (5) excL (30.7.54)... 44, s. 31 (2) (7).

. 58 (4) saved 44, s. 29 (6).

c. 40 Colonial Development . 1 (1) proviso mod. . 1 (1) proviso (6) exd. 71, s. 2 (2).

and Welfare Act, 1940. 71, s. 2 (1).

c. 42 Law Reform (Miscellan- Ss. 9,10 rep 48, s. 78 (1),

eous Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1940. sch. 4.

c. 48 Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940 . 21 expld 44, s, 12(1).

am. 44, s. 13.

. 23 (1) ext 44, s. 8 (1).

. 23 (1) proviso expld. 44, s. 8 (2).

. 24(1) appl 44, s. 7 (3) (<*).

4 & 5 Geo. 6:

c. 4 Naval and Marine Forces Rep 10, s. 5 (1), sch.

(Temporary Release from Service) Act,

1940.

liv

Effect of Legislation

Session and OapteofWi Actors

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of McamTT

of Measure lastriBBi

4 A 5 Geo. 6: •

c. 30 Finance Act, 1941 . 7 (4) proviso exd. ... . 4 (IMS) rep 44, s. 15(Z)i

c. 42 Pharmacy and Medicines 61, i 25 c

Act, 1941. sch. 4.

. 4 (6) am 61, i 25 i|

set 3.

. 6 rep 61, t 25

sch. 4.

. 17 (1) am 61, t 25;

sch. 3.

3 A 6 Geo. 6:

c. 16 Sugar Industry Act, 1942 . 6 (3) proviso rep. ... 39, s. 17,

6 A 7 Geo. 6:

c. 6 Workmen's Compen- . 4 rep. iprosp.) (E.) (.) 70,s.

sation Act, 1943.

c. 21 War Damage Act, 1943 . 25. Power to apply 72, *. 66(1} 73, s. 66 (2) if.

c. 23 Railway Freight Rebates Rep 64, ss. 11,1401,

Act, 1943. sch. 2, Pul

c. 32 Hydro-Electric Develop- Am. (transfer of powers. 60, st 1 ©, 4

ment (Scotland) Act, etc.). 15 (IX «h;

1943. Appl. in pt Pt L 60,*.7(ty

Ss. 2 (1) rep. in pt. and 60, *. 15 (IX sA

am., 2 (2), (3) am., 2 (4) added, 3 (a), (c) am., 5 (1) rep. in pt. and am., 5 (3) and (4) rep. in pt., 7 rep. in pt., 9 (3) l.PtL

rep. in pt., 9 (5), (6) am., 10 (1) subst.

10A added, 11 (2) am..

11 (3) rep. in pt, UA added, 12 (l)am..

14 (5) subst, 14 (6) added, 13 (3) rep. in pt, 16 (1) am. and rep. in pt.; 16 (2) am., 16 (3)

subst, 16 (3A) added, 16 (4) am. and rep. in pt.

. 16 (5) exd 60, s. 11 (1).

am 60, s. 15 (IX sA.

1, Pt 1.

. 17 subst 60, *• 15 (IX «h

l,Ptl.

Sch. 1 appl Sch. 1, para. 1 subst 60, s. 2 (IX

Sch. 4 am. Sch. 4, paras. 2 and 4 (a) V 60, s. 15 (IX st i, pll

rep. in pt., paras. 5,1 6 am. J

c. 44 Rent of Furnished Houses Cont as amd. until 69,s.l(2X

Control (Scotland) Act, 1943. 31.3.56. . 6 (6) ext

30..3S.

7 A 8 Geo. 6:

c. 13 Naval Forces (Extension Rep 10, s. 5 (IX st

of Service) Act, 1944.

Effect of Legislation

Iv

A.D. 1954

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

7 & 8 Geo. 6:

c. 21 Pensions (Increase) Act, . 2 (1) am. 25,s.l(l).

1944. . 3 (2) mod. 25,s.l(3).

c. 23 Finance Act, 1944 . 10 (2) appl . 14 (l)am. 44, s. 7 (3) (b). 44, s.9(l), (2).

. 15 (1), (2) ext. 44,8.9(3).

C.A.M. No. 1 Reorganisation Areas . 38 (1) proviso, paras. C.A.M. No. 2,

Measure, 1944. (a) and (b), subst. s. 1.

. 57 (2) subst CA.M. No. 2,

s. 2.

8 & 9 Geo. 6:

c. 12 Northern Ireland (Mis- . 7 (1) rep 63, s. 82 (1),

cellaneous Provisions) sch. 3.

Act, 1945. . 7 (2) rep. ... \ 62, s. 26 (1), sch. 63, s. 82 (1),

I sch. 3.

.<7 (3) rep 63, s. 82 (1),

sch. 3.

c. 39 Housing (Temporary . 1 (3), power to ext. (.) 50, s. 12 (1).

Accommodation) Act, 1945. power to ext. (E.) 53, s. 19 (1).

C. 41 Family Allowances Act, Appl. (mod.) .I. No. 863.

c. 43 Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945. Pts. VI and VII appl. .I. No. 635, art.

(visiting forces). 5.

9 A 10 Geo. 6:

c. 10 Supplies and Services (Transitional Powers) Cont. until 10.12.55 ... .I. No. 1559.

Act, 1945.

c. 26 Emergency Laws (Trans- Ss. 3, 6, 18 cont. until .I. No. 1560.

itional Provisions) Act, Act, 1946. 10.12.55. Sch. 2 rep. in pt. 63, s. 82 (1).

sch. 3.

c. 27 Bank of England Act, Sch. 1, para. 5 rep. 44, s. 35 (9),

1946. sch. 6.

c. 34 Furnished Houses (Rent Cont. as amd. until 31.3.56 69, s. 1 (2).

Control) Act, 1946.

. 8 (b)ext 53, s. 48 (2).

. 12 (4) expld 53, s. 45 (2).

c. 36 ... Statutory Instruments Act, 1946. Appl. (.) .6exd / 48, s. 76 (4). 62, s. 9 (4).

\ 63, s. 76 (4).

c. 42 Water (Scotland) Act, . 57 rep. in pt 50, s. 44 (3),

1946. sch. 4.

c. 48 Housing (Financial and Ss. 2, 3 (1), 4, 5 (3) mod. .I. No. 1407.

Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1946.

c. 49 Acquisition of -Land Appl 32, s. 5 (1).

(Authorisation Proce- 53, s. 3 (4).

dure) Act, 1946. Power to ext. (atomic 32, s. 9 (3).

energy) (N.I.). Sch. 1, para. 3 (1) (b) am. 53, s. 50(1).

ext. 53, s. 14 (1), sch.

1, para. 1 (1), (2).

para. 19 saved ... 53, s. 14, sch. 1,

para. 1 (3).

Sch. 2 para. 3 mod. 53, s. 14(3).

lvi

Effect of Legislation

2&3BUZ.1

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapteoftt* Act or Mate

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

c. 59 ...

c. 62...

Coal Industry Nationalisation Act, 1946.

National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946.

c. 64 ..

Finance Act, 1946

. 33 (4) rep

. 49 (1) (2) rep.

Appl

Appl. (mod.)

Ext. (regs.)

Ss. 11 (3), 12 (6) (a) am.

. 13 appl

. 13 (1) am.

. 14(1) am.

. 14 (3) am.

. 15 appl

. 15 (2) am

. 17 (l)am

. 18 appl

. 18 (1) am.

Ss. 19 (3) (4), 20 (2), 21 (1) am.

. 27 (4) appl

Ss. 29 (1) (a), 30 (2) am.

Pt. Ill (ss. 36-54) appl. in pt.

Ss. 86, 87 ext. (tegs.) ... Sell. 2, Pt. I am.

Sch. 3 am.

Sch. 4, paras. 1 (1) (2) am*

. 8(1) ext

. 26 ext.

. 52 appl. (.)

Sch. 10, Pt III para. 3 rep. (deaths after 29.7.54).

44, a 3J 9 sch. 6 36, ss. 1.1 o sch.

.L No. 549, r

2.

.L No. 834.

1 (3 Ehz.2u» 1 (3 Eh. i

.L No. 140 art 7(1).

1 (3 Efe.

5Aas

I OEM i (a 5 sch. 1 1 (3 Elites, i 5, sch. 5.

5.1. Na 1443 art 8 (IX

1 (3 Efe. I, ss. 1 (2), sch. 2.

1 (3 Ha. 2t ss. 1 ©, i sch. 2 .L No. 140 ait 5(2).

1 (3 Bn. I

ss. 1 CU

■A 2.

1 (3 Efe a ss. i (a 5. sch. 2 .L Na 140 art 18, xl 1 1 (3 Efe. 2X a. 3, 5, sch. 2

5.1. No. 140 art 13.

1 (3 Efe 2), i f. 1 (3 Efe. a ss. 1 (1), i sch. 1.

1 (3 Eliz. a ss. i (a i sch. 2 1 (3 Elk. 2), & I 5, sch. 5.

44, s. 2(7). 44, s. 15. 60, s. 8(1). 44, s. 35 sch. 6.

(fc

A.D. 1954

Effect of Legislation

Ivii

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

> & 10 Geo. 6:

c. 67 National Insurance Act, Ext. (regs.) 1 (3 Eliz. 2), s. 9.

1946. Appl. (mod.) .I. No. 836.

Ss. 17 (3), 23 (3) (6), 26(1) 1 (3 Eliz. 2), ss.

(ii) am. . 65 (2) ext 3, 5, sch. 5. 1 (3 Eliz. 2), s. 4 (D(«). v , 1 (3 Eliz. 2), s. 4

. 69 (4) ext

(1) (c). 1 (3 Eliz. 2), s. 4

. 71 (2) ext

(1) (6).

. 74 saved 1 (3 Eliz. 2), s. 4

(2).

Ss. 75, 76 ext (regs.) ... 1 (3 Eliz. 2), s. 9.

Sch. 1 subst 1 (3 Eliz. 2), ss. 2 (1), 5, sch. 3.

Sch. 2 subst 1 (3 Eliz. 2), ss. 2 (2), 5, sch. 4.

c. 68 New Towns Act, 1946... . 17 rep 36, ss. 1, 8 (3),

sch.

«. 73 Hill Farming Act, 1946... . 10 am. 23, s. 1.

o. 80 Atomic Energy Act, 1946 . 1 expld. 32, s. 3 (1).

Ss. 2 (1), 3 rep 32, s. 2 (3).

. 6 saved in pt. 32, s. 2 (3) pro-

viso (6).

. 7 saved in pt. 32, s. 2 (2) pro-

viso (ii), (3) proviso (a).

. 7 (1) am 32, s. 6 (4), sch. 3.

Ss. 8,9 saved in pt. 32, s. 2 (3) pro-

viso (6).

Ss. 10,11 excl 32,s.6 (4), sch. 3.

Ss. 12 (2) (7), 13 am. ... 32, s.6(4), sch. 3.

. 16 proviso added ... . 19 (c) am. 32, s. 6 (4), sch. 3. 32, s. 6 (4), sch. 3.

c. 82 Cable and Wireless Act, Sch. 2 para. 4 rep. 44, s. 35 (9),

1946. sch. 6.

10 All Geo. 6:

e. 6 Trustee Savings Banks Rep 63, s. 82 (1),

Act, 1947. sch. 3.

c. 7 Pensions (Increase) Act, . 1 (3) rep 25, s. 1 (2).

1947.

c. 14 Exchange Control Act, . 17 appl .I. No. 711.

1947.

c. 26 Cotton (Centralised Buy- Functions of Min. of .I. No. 1028.

ing) Act, 1947. Materials trans. to Bd. of Trade.

. 1 (1) in pt., 1 (2) (4) rep. 24, s. 1 (1).

Ss. 2-4 rep 24, s. 2 (1).

Ss. 5 (4), 6 (2) rep. ... 24, s. 2 (2).

. 8 excl. 24, s. 4 (3).

. 12 am. 24, s. 1 (3).

. 15 saved and expld. ... 24, s. 4 (4).

. 16 am. 24, s. 1 (3).

. 20 excl. 24, s. 4 (3).

. 21 (2) am. 24, s. 5 (4).

. 22 rep. 24, s. 2 (1).

37816 2

lviii Effect of Legislation 2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

10 & 11 Geo. 6:

c. 27 National Health Service . 70, para. ( ), rep. ...

(Scotland) Act, 1947.

c. 29 Penicillin Act, 1947 .T(l) excl. . 50 rep. (deaths after 29.7.54). 5.1. No. 1646. 5.1. No. 1647.

c. 35 Finance Act, 1947 44. s. 35 (9),

sch. 6.

. 72 (1) rep . 72 (2) (3) rep. 62, s. 26 (1), sck 63, s. 82 (IX

sch. 3.

c. 36 Education (Exemptions) Cont until 31.12.55 ... 69,s.l(l).

c. 40 (Scotland) Act, 1947. Industrial Organisation . 16ext(N.I.) .I. No. 834.

and Development Act, 1947.

c. 42 Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947. Local Government (Scot- Appl 32, s. 5 (1). 42, s. 14 (2). 50,8.3(4).

c. 43 Exemption from rating .I. No. 635, an.

land) Act, 1947. (visiting forces). 9Q).

. 122 am. (temp.) 13, ss. 11,140).

. 160(1) rep . 214 appL (temp.) 42 s. 20 (5) sch. 2. 13, «. 1 (3X

14(2).

Ss. 214 (2) am. (temp.) ... . 218 (1) am. ( .) ... 13. ss. 10 (IX 14(2). 13, ss. 10 (IX

140). 30, s. 15 <2X

. 316 rep.

sch. 6.

. 349 appl. . 355(2M9) appl. ... 50,8.8(2). 64.8.6(5).

Sch. 6 para. 30 added... 42,8.15.

a 44 Crown Proceedings Act, . 9 (2) am. 36, s. 5 (3).

1947. . 10 ext. 66,8.1(3)

. 30 (1) rep. in pt . 30 (2) rep . 48 rep. . 4 (2). Period ext 36^ss.5(2),8(3X 36, s. 8 OX set 36, s. 8 (3X sA.

c.48 Agriculture Act, 1947 ... .I. No. 1056.

(5.8.5$). . 58 (3) am. 39, s. 3 (3).

. 66 (1) am. 39, ss. 3 (1) OX

17, sch. 3.

. 66 (2) rep. . 72 ext 39, s. 17, sch. 3. 30, s. 10 (4). 39,s.6(4)(fi)

. 73 (3) ext

. 96 am. 39. ss. 1, 17,

sch. 3.

. 97 (2) rep 39, s. 17, sch. 1

. 98 saved 38, 8.4(1) (*).

ext. 68, ss. 1 (6) (9X

3(1).

am* . 98 (4) am. 68, ss. 4 0) ffl, 9(4). 30, s. 15 (IX

sch. 5.

. 98 (5) rep . 98 (7) added 68, s. 15(2XsdL 68, s. 2 (1).

. 101 ext 68, s. 2 (2).

KJ>. 1954

Effect of Legislation

lix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

10 All Geo. 6: c. 48—cont.

c. 49 ...

Agriculture Act, 1947-con/.

Transport Act, 1947

c. 50 ... c. 51 ...

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1947.

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947.

. 106 expld. (meaning of " occupier ")•

. 106 (7) am

Sch. 9 para. 15 subst. ... Sch. 9 para. 21 (1) rep. in pt.

. 11 rep.

. 38 (5) rep

Pt. V (Charges Schemes).

Power to ext . 74 rep.

. 79 ext. (mod.)

. 82 (1) appl (mod.) ...

. 83 (5) appl

rep. in pt

. 87 rep.

. 94 (6) rep. in pt

. 123 (2) rep. in pt ...

. 125 (1) (meaning of 44 statutory provision ") expld. (E.) (.).

Sch. 10 para. 7 (2) mod. . 4 cont. until 1.8.55 ...

Appl. (mod.)

Ss. 2, 3 rep.

. 3 (3) (4) z

. 14 (4) m

. 19 (2A) added . 20 mod.

appl.

. 20 (4) am.

. 22 (1) mod.

. 22 (1) proviso rep.

(saving).

. 22 (5) rep. ...

. 22 (6) rep. in pt.

. 51 (4) excl

51 (4) (b) excl.

. 59 ext

. 62(1) mod

. 64 (2) ext (retrosp.) 75 mod.

. 78 (3) mod. ...

68, s. 1 (13).

68, s. 5 (1).

39, s. 4(1), sch. 1. 39, s. 17, sch. 3.

36, ss. 1, 8 (3), sch.

64, s. 14 (1), sch.

2, Pt. II.

64, ss. 3, 4.

64, s. 14 (1), sch.

2, Pt. II.

64, s. 4 (2) (3). 64, s. 5 (4) (5). 64, s. 5 (2) (5). 64, s. 14 (1), sch.

2 Pt. II.

64, s. 14 (1), sch.

2, Pt II.

64, s. 14 (1), sch.

2, Pt. III.

64, s. 14 (1), sch.

2, Pt II.

64, s. 13(3).

37816

64, s 4 (4).

54, s. 5 (1).

.I. No. 1706.

72. s. 63 (4).

72, s. 67 (1).

72, s. 59 (1).

72, s. 70.

72, Pt V (ss. 42-46).

72, s. 59 (2).

72, s. 71 (IX sch. 7.

72, ss. 1 ($), 38-46, sch. 1,

para. 8.

72, «. 71 (2) (6), sch. 8.

72, s. 71 (2), sch. 8.

72, ss 33 (2), 34 (1), 61(3).

72, s. 34 (2).

72, ss 2 (2) (b) 52 (7). 57 (1) (4) (5), sch. 3.

72, s. 1(6), sch. 1, para. 10.

72. s. 60 (3).

72, s. 1(6), sch. 1, para. 9.

72, s. 1(6), sch. 1, para. 2.

2 2

Effect of Legislation

2&3Euz.

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 19! Act or nm ^StgMtogy

Town and Country Plan- . 79(1) mod. 72, s. 1 (6), sch

ning Act, 1947—cont. para. 8.

. 80 mod. 72,5.1(6* para. 3.

. 83 (3) (4) rep. 72, a. 71 C sch. L

. 85 (5) mod. 72, 5.1(6* *h para. 12.

. 87 excl SX No. 635, a 11, sch. 3.

. 88 (1) ext 72. s. 61 (5)

. 88 (2) ext 72,s.61(4)tiju

. 89 mod. 72,5.1(6* paras. 6, "

. 91 (2) mod. 72,5.1(6*; para. 4.

. 91 (3) mod 72,5.1(6* *i para. 5.

. 92 appl . 93 subst (saving) ... 72, s. 67 (4t

72, ss. 5<*5I : <4* 72, 5. 51 Ql

. 93 (4) (a), as subst,

appl. (mod.). . 94 rep. (saving) 72. s. 71 (2) sch. 8.

. 95 (1) rep. (saving). 72, s. 71 (Z) if,

95 (2) rep. in pt (saving). sch. 8.

. 95 (3) am. 72, s. 71 U) >5 sch. 7.

. 103 ext 72. s. 67 0.

. 104 appL 72, s. 67 (5).

. 105 appl 72,5.67(31

. 112 (2) subst. 72, s. 71 sch. 7.

. 119 am. (regs.) 72,5.51(31

. 119 (2) appl 72.5.67(41

. 119 (4) rep 72, t. 71 : sch. 8.

Sch. 3 am. 72, s. 71 (ii -sch. 7.

Town and Country Plan- . 1 rep. (prosp.) 73, a. 63.

ning (Scotland) Act, . 1 (5) (6) appL 73, s. 67 (li 1

1947. . 12 (4) mod. 73, s. 59 (U

. 17 appl 73. 5.59(21

. 18 mod. 73, PL V i 44-48).

. 18 appl 73, s. 59 (2).

. 18 (4) am. 73, s, 70 U sch. 8.

. 20(1) mod. 73.*. l(ft* 48, sch I para. 8.

. 20 (1) proviso rep. 73. s. 70 (2,. 5,

(saving). sch. 9.

. 20 (5) rep., 20 (6) rep. 73, s. TO *

in pt. sch. 9.

. 48 (4) excL 73, a. 35 ft 61 (31 73. 5.35(21

. 48 (4) (b)excl.

10 A 11 Geo. 6: c. 51—com.

c. 53 ...

A.D. 1954 Effect of Legislation fad

N

Session and Chapter of 1954 Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

Statutory

Instrument

10 & U Geo. 6:

c. 53 Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947—coni. . 56 ext 73, ss. 54 (7),

58 (1) (3) (4).

. 59(1) mod. 73, s. 1(6), sch. 1, para. 10.

. 61 (2) ext. (retrosp.) ... 73, s. 60 (3).

. 72 mod. 73, s. 1(6), sch. 1,

para. 9.

. 75 (3) mod. 73, s. 1 (6), sch. 1,

para. 2.

. 76(1) mod. 73,s.l(6), sch. 1,

para. 8.

. 77 mod . 80 (3) (4) rep. 73, s. 1(6), sch. 1, para. 3. 73, s. 70 (2),

sch. 9.

. 82 (5) mod. 73.s.l(6), sch. 1,

. 83 exd. (visiting forces) para. 11. .l. No. 635, art

11, sch. 3. 73, s. 1 (6), sch. 1, paras. 6,7. 73, s. 1(6), sch. 1, para. 4. 73, s. 1(6), sch. 1,

. 85 mod. . 87 (2) mod. . 87 (3) mod

para. 5.

1 . 88 appl . 89 subst (saving) ... 73, s. 67 (4). 73, ss. 52, 53 (1) (4). 73, s. 53 (2). 73, s. 70 (2) (4),

. 89 (4) (a), as subst., appl. (mod.). . 90 rep. (saving)

sch. 9.

. 91 (1) rep. (saving), 91 (2) rep. in pt (saving). . 91 (3) am 73, s. 70 (2) (4), sch. 9. 73, s. 70 (1) (4),

sch. 8.

. 99 ext 73, s. 67 (2).

. 100 appl . 101 appl . 108 (2) subst 73, s. 67 (5). 73, s. 67 (3).

73, s. 70 (1), sch. 8. 73, s. 53(3).

. 113 am. (regs.) . 113 (2) applT.

73,8.67(4). 73, s. 70 (2),

. 113 (4) rep

sch. 9.

Sch. 3 am. 73, s. 70 (1) (3),

sch. 8.

«. 54 Electricity Act, 1947 ... Am. (transfer of powers, etc.). 60, ss. 1 (2) (4), 15 (1), sch. f.

Pt.II. 60, s. 15 (1),

. 1(1) am., 1(1 A) added

sch. 1, Pt II. 60, s. 15 (2), sch. 2, Pt I. 60, s. 15 (2),

. 1 (2) am

. 1 (4) (a) am. (.)

sch. 2, Pt. II.

. 1(4) (b) am., 1(5) rep. 60, s. 15 (1),

in pt and am. . 2 (6) rep. (.) sch. 1, Pt II. 60, s. 15 (2),

sch. 2, Pt II.

brii

Effect of Legislation

2 A 3 E.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

10All Geo.6: c. 54

Electricity Act, 1947—

coni.

. 2 (8) am., 2 (8) (ft) am.

and 2 (8 A) added.

. 3 rep. (.)

. 3 (2) (c) rep

. 4 (2) am. (.)

. 4 (7) subst, 4 (8) added

. 5 (5) rep. (.)

. 5 (7) am.

. 6 rep. (.)

. 7 (14) (c) added ...

. 8 (1M3), (5) rep. (.)

. 12 rep.

. 14 (2) mod

. 19(1) am., 19 (2) subst, 19 (3) added.

. 22 mod.

Ss. 36-37, 39-43 rep. (.)

. 39 (3) am.

Ss. 44 (1), 45 am., 45 (2) added.

. 46 rep. (.)

. 47 (1), proviso, added

. 47 (3) rep

. 47 (7), proviso, am.... . 49 (1) am., 49 (4) (5) subst, 49 (5A) added, 49 (6), proviso, am.

Ss. 50 (5), 51 (3) added, 53 (1) am., 53 (2) (3) subst for s. 53 (2M4). . 55 (3M6),(8)appL... . 60 (1) am

. 63 appl

Ss. 64 (1), 66 (1), 67 (1) am.

Sch. 1 rep. so far as relating to .E. Scotland and . W. Scotland Electricity Boards.

Sch. 4, Pt. 1 rep. so far as modifying s. 14 of the Electric Lighting Act 1882; sch. 4, Pt III, so far as modifying s. 10 of the schedule to the Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899, rep. in pt

60, s. 15 (ft sch. 1, Pt H 60, a 15 (ft sch. 2, Pt LL 60, a 15 (ft sch. 2, P. L 60, a 15 (ft sch. 2, Pt II. 60, a 15 (IX sch. 1, Pt a 60, a 15 (ft sch. 2 Pt IL 60, a 15 (ft sch. 1, Pt a 60, a. 15 (ft sch. 2, Pt a 60. a 15 (IX sch. 1, Pt a 60, a 15 (ft sch. 2, Pt IL 36^ss. 1, 8 (3X

60, a 6 (1) 0X 60, a 15 (IX sch. 1, Pt a 60, a 6 (1) (aX 60, a 15 (ft sch. 2, Pt a 52, a 1 (a).

60, a 15 ax sch. 1, Pt a 60, a 15 (ft sch. 2, Pt a 60, a 10 (IX 60, s. 10 (2X 60, s. 10 (3X 60, a 15 (IX sch. 1, Pt IL

60, a 15 (IX sch. 1, Pt a

60, a 12 (1).

60, sa 1 (3) (4), 15 (IX *ch. 1, Pt IL 21, a 2 (3).

60, a 15 (1).

sch. 1, Pt IL 60. sa 3 (ft 15 (2X sch. 2. Pt I.

60, a 15 (ft sch. 2, Pt L

A.D. 1954

Effect of Legislation

lxiii

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

11 & 12 Geo. 6:

c. 10 Emergency Laws (Miscel- Sch. 2, para. 1 (1) appl. .I. No. 635,

laneous Provisions) (visiting forces). art 6 (1).

Act, 1947. Sch. 2, para. 1 (2) appl. .I. No. 635,

(visiting forces). Sch. 2, para. 4 am. art. 6 (3). .I. No. 635,

art 11, sch. 3.

c. 11 Medical Practitioners and PL II rep. 61, s. 25 (2),

Pharmacists Act, 1947. sch. 4.

«. 15 Overseas Resources Ss. 3-5 rep. (proof-) ... 71,s.6 (3), sch. 2, Pt. I.

Development Act,

1948. . 6 rep. (proof) (Over- 71, s. 6 (3),

seas Food Corporation). sch. 2, Pt. I.

Ss. 7, 8 rep. (Overseas 71, s. 6 (3),

Food Corporation). sch. 2, PL II.

. 9 rep. (proof.) (Overseas Food Corpora- 71, s. 6 (3), sch. 2, PL I.

tion). . 10 rep. (Overseas Food 71, s. 6 (3),

Corporation). sch. 2, PL II.

. 13 rep. (Overseas Food 71, s. 6 (3).

Corporation). sch. 2, PL II.

am. (Colonial 71, s. 5.

Development Corporation). 71, 6 <3>> sch. 2, PL 1.

. 16 rep. (proof-) (Over-

seas Food Corporation).

71, s. 6 (3),

. 18 rep. (Overseas Food

Corporation). sch. 2, PL II.

saved 71, s. 6 (3),

proviso.

Sch. rep. (prosp.) (Over- 71, s. 6 (3),

seas Food Corporation). sch. 2, Pt. I. 72, s. 53 (3). 73, s. 55 (3). 72, s. 53 (4). 73, s. 55 (4).

c. 17 Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1948. . 10(l)exd. ... / . 10 (3) appl. (mod.) V

. 10 (4) appl. (mod.) 72, s. 53 (4). 73. s. 55 (4).

c. 26 Local Government Act, Ss. 18-20 rep. (temp.) ... 13. ss. 12 (1).

1948. 14(2).

. 22 appl. (temp.) 13, ss. 12 (2),

. 25 rep. (temp.) 14(2). 13, ss. 12 (1),

14(2).

Ss. 30, 31 appl. (mod.) 13, ss. 12 (2),

. 341^(2) am. 14(2). .I. No. 272.

Pt. V (ss. 85-110) am. 60, ss. 9, 15 (1),

(transfer of powers, etc.). sch. 1, PL III.

Ss. 85 (2) rep. in pt.. 60, s. 15 (1), sch. 1, PL III.

92 (1), 96 0), 97 (2) am., 98 (2) (3) (5) subsL, 98 (6) (7) added, 99 (4) am.

LmOOQ\

bdv Effect of Legislation 2 & 3 2

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

11 & 12 Geo. 6:

c. 26 Local Government Act. . 100 (3) am. (temp.) 13, ss. 10 <3,

1948—coni. 14(2).

rep. in pt 80, s. 15 (1), sch. 1, Pt UL 64, s. 14 (IX

. 104 rep.

sch. 2, Pt IL 60, s. 15 (IX

. 107 rep. in pL and am.

sch. 1, Pt UL

. 112 (1) proviso rep .I. Nos. 265,

398.

. 144(2) appl . 145 <4H7) appL .I. No. 177. "WXU »

(temp.).

c. 37 Radioactive Substances . 1 xep. 32, s. 2 (3).

Act, 1948.

c. 38 Companies Act, 1948 ... ::: 20, s. 3 (3). 33,s.4(7).

c. 39 Industrial Assurance and . 18 (2) rep. in pt. 43, s. 11 (3), sch.

Friendly Societies Act, . 19 (4) (b). Apptd. day .L No. 1094.

1948. (19.8.54). . 19 (5) (a) rep. in pt ■< 62, s. 26 (IX sch. 63, s. 82 (IX

sch. 3.

. 19 (5) (b) xep. 62, s. 26 (1), sch.

Sch. 5 para. 3 rep. 43, s. 11 (3), sch.

c. 45 Agriculture (Scotland) . 39 saved 30, s. 4 (1) («X

Act, 1948. extd am. . 39 (3) am 68, ss. 1 (6) (?) (MX 3 ax 68,8.4(11 ax 30^8.^ 15 (Ij, 68, s. *15* a), sch. 68,s.2(l). 68,s.4(3). 68,s.2(2). 68, s. 10. 68, s. 10. 30,s. 10(4X 68, s. 1 (13) (14X

. 39 (4) rep . 39 (5) added . 41 (5) am. . 42 ext . 50 subst . 50 A added . 69 ext. . 82 expld. (meaning of " occupier ")•

. 82 (7) am 68, s. 5 a).

. 85 (3) am. 68, s. 11.

c. 47 Agricultural Wages Act, 1948. Finance Act, 1948 .7 excL 53, s. 6 (3).

c. 49 .21(3M5)appl. . 21 (8) appl . 23 ext. . 24 appl Sch. 7 rep. 44, ss. 11 ax 12(6). 44, s. 12 (6). 44, s. 10. 44,5.12(8). 44, s. 35 (%

sch. 6.

Sch. 8Pt I:

group 5 (J) added ... .I. No. 3.

group 6(c) am. .I. No. 1.

group 9 ret>. in pt ... .I. No. 1179.

group 9 (a) subst. ... .I. No. 1.

group 11 (e)am. .I. No. 2.

group 11 (0 am. .I. No. 1.

group 12 (a) (0 ant ... .L No. 3.

group 12 (bsubst ... .L No. 2.

A.D. 1954 Effect of Legislation lxv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

11 A 12 Geo. 6: c. 49—cont.

Finance Act, 1948—cont.

c, 52 ... c. 55 ...

c. 60 ...

c. 61 ... c. 63 ...

c. 64 ... c. 67 ...

CJUA.No. 1

Veterinary Surgeons Act, 1948.

Factories Act, 1948

Development of Inventions Act, 1948.

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1948.

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1948.

National Service Act, 1948.

Gas Act, 1948

Clergy Pensions Measure, 1948.

Sch. 8 Pt. I— .

group 16 (c) am. group 17 (o) (ii), (c) (ii) am.

group 21 (6) (ii) am. group 21 (c rep. group 25 rep. in pt. group 25 (a) subst group 25 OfHO added group 26 subst. group 27 (a) am. group 28 (a) ( ) am. group 31 (e) added

Sc•" para. 2 (/) added ... Ss. 9, 12 am, 25 appl___

Ext (atomic energy) ... Excl. in pt (prasp.) (certain premises in mines or quarries).

. 1 (3) expld

. 4 (2) proviso (ii) am....

. 7 (1) am.

. 8 (2) am.

. 10 (3) am

Ss. 1, 2, 5 (2) cont until 1.8.55.

. 23 (1) (</) (i) appL (visiting forces).

. 24 (2) (g) expld. ... Ss. 24 (2), 60 (2) rep. ...

. 14 rep.

. 42 (3) am.

. 70 appl

Measure am.

. 6 am

. 6 proviso (a) rep. ...

. 7 Cesser of contribns.

. 8 (5) am.

. 8 (8) am.

. 9(1) (2) am.

. 11 am.

. 16 am.

. 18 am.

. 20 am.

37816

.I. No. 3. J. No. 2.

.I. No. 3.

5.1. No. Z

5.1. No. 1608.

5.1. No. 120.

.JL No. 550.

3Z s. 6 (4), sch. 3. 70, s. 184.

20,s.2(l).

20, s. 3 (1).

20, s. 1 (1).

20, s. 1 (2).

20, s.3(2) (3). 54, s. 5 (1).

.I. No. 635, art 11, sch. 3. 39, s. 7 (1).

10, s. 5 (1), sch.

36, ss. 1, 8 (3), sch.

52, s. 1 (b).

21, s. 2 (3). C.A.M. No. 4. C.A.M. No. 4,

8.3(3). C.A.M. No. 4, 8.4(1). C.A.M. No. 4, 8.5(1). C.A.M. No. 4, 8. 13(7) (*). C.A.M. No. 4, ss. 11 (2) (a), 13(7)(n). C.A.M. No.

s. 13(7)(*). C.A.M. No.

s.6.

C.A.M. No.

8.6(3). C.A.M. No.

8. 3 (3).

C.A.M. No. ss. 5 (2), sch. 2.

2S*

4.

4.

4,

bcvi

Effect of Legislation

2 & 3 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

11 & 12 Geo. 6: CA.M. No. 1 —cont. Clergy Pensions Measure, 1948—cont. . 26 ext. CAM. No. 4, a. 5(3).

. 26 (3) exd CAM. No. 4,

*.5(3) (6).

. 29 (1) (c) am. CAM. No.

.15(l).

. 29 (1) proviso am. ... CAM. No. 4,

s. 15(2).

Pt. VIII (ss. 35-48). CAM. No. 4.

Pensions authority now Church Commis. for

actual payment of pen-

sions.

. 39 saved CAM. No. 4,

. 39 (1) (<Q am. *. 2 (3). CA.M. No. 4.

s. 13 (7) (6).

. 41. Clergy Pensions CAM. No. 4.

Fund now Clergy (Widows and Depen-

dants) Pensions Fund.

. 41 (1) rep. CAM. No. 4,

s. 13 (IX CAM. No. 4.

. 44 rep.

s. 2 (1).

Ss. 45, 46(1). Cesser of CAM. No. 4,

payments. . 47 (1) (6), (2) (</), 0), s. 12. CAM. No. 4,

(4) am. s. 13 (8X

. 48 mod. Ss. 50 (3), 51 (3) rep. ... CAM. No. 4, s. 13 (6). CAM. No. 4, s. 2 (4) proviso. CAM. No. 4,

Sch. 1 superseded

sch. 1.

Sch. 4 am. CAM. No. 4,

s. 6 (3).

Sch. 6, paras. 3 and 4 () CAM. No. 4,

rep. s. 4(2).

12,13 &

14 Geo. 6:

c. 5 Civil Defence Act, 1948 . 1 (1) ext . 6 expld Ss. 1-6 rep 66, s. 1 (1) (2). 19, s. 1.

c. 13 Savings Banks Act, 1949 63, s. 82 (1), sch. 3. 63. s. 82 (1),

. 7(1) rep

sch. 3.

. 7 (2) rep. ... | 62, s. 26 (IX sch. 63, s. 82 (IX

sch. 3.

. 7 (3) rep Ss. 8-14, 16, 17 (2) rep. 63, s. 82 (IX sch. 3. 63, s. 82 (IX

sch. 3.

c. 20 Cinematograph Film Pro- Ss. 1 (1) (6), 4 (1) and 15, s. 1.

duction (Special Loans) Act, 1949. sch., para. 8 (1) am.

c. 25 ... Tenancy of Shops (Scot- Cont. until 31.12.55 ... 69, s. 1 (1).

land) Act, 1949.

Effect of Legislation

A.D. 1954

lxvfi

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

12, 13 A

14 Geo. 6:

c. 27 Juries Act, 1949 Ss. 1 (1), proviso, 24 (1), 41, 8. 1 (1).

proviso, rep.

c. 30 Agricultural Wages (Scot- Restr. (temp.) 39, s. 13 (1) (7). 39, s. 13 (5) (ft

land) Act, 1949. Ext. (temp.)

c. 31 Water (Scotland) Act, . 2 (1) excl 50,s. 35(4).

1949.

c. 40 Landlord and Tenant . 1 excl. (.) 50, s. 28 (5).

(Rent Control) Act, expld. (E.) 56,s.7(l).

1949. . 1 (2) (3) am. (.) ... 50, s. 28 (1) (2).

am. (E.) ... 53, s. 36 (1) (2). 50, ss. 28 (4),

. 1 (7) (a) rep. (.) ...

44 (3), sch. 4.

rep. (E.) ... 53, ss. 36 (4X

54 (4), sch. 5.

. 1 (7) (b)rep. (E.) ... . 2 mod. (.) 53, ss. 36 (5L 54 (4), sch. £ 50, ss. 29, 30.

mod. (E.) 53, ss. 38, 39.

. 2 (5) saved (.) 50, s. 30 (2).

saved (E.) 53, s. 39 (2).

. 4 saved (.) saved (E.) 50, s. 28 (3). 53,s.36(3).

Sch. l,Pt. 11 excl. (.)... 50, s. 29 (5).

c. 44 Superannuation Act, 1949 . 32 mod . 63 (2). Definition of .l. No. 981. 38, s.4(4).

"civil servant" ext. (N.I.).

c. 47 Finance Act, 1949 . 10 ext. 44, s. 2 (7).

. 28 (1) am Sch. 7 am. (deaths after 44, s. 28. 44, s. 32 (1).

29.7.54).

c. 51 Legal Aid and Advice Sch. 3, paras. 1-4 ext. ... .I. No. 1013.

Act, 1949.

c. 53 Coal Industry Act, 1949 Pt. II (ss. 9-12) rep.. 70, s. 189, sch. 5.

(prospXs. 13 (2) rep.

c. 54 Wireless Telegraphy Act, ^inj>t. (prosp.). .I. No. 829,

1949. Apptd. day for ss. 1-4, art. 34 (5). .I. No. 437.

7 (1.6.54); for ss. 5, 6, 8 (8.4.54).

Pt. I (ss. 1-8) excl. (visit- .I. No. 635,

ing forces). art. 7 (c).

. 1 appl. 55, s. 2 (6).

. 6 am .I. No. 488.

. 10 excl. (visiting forces) .l. No. 635,

art. 7 ().

c. 55 Prevention of Damage by Saved (prosp.) . 22 (4) am. 70, s. 95 (2).

Pests Act, 1949. 68, s. 5 (3).

. 23. Power to ext. 68, s. 6.

(E.) (.).

c. 58 Isle of Man (Customs) Ss. 1-3, 5 as am., cont. 54, s. 5 (1).

Act, 1949. until 1.8.55.

c. 59 Licensing Act, 1949 . 30 am. 11, s. 11 (1),

sch. 2.

. 42 (1) rep. in pt. 11, s. 12 (3).

c. 60 Housing Act, 1949 Appl . 10 rep. 53, s. 33 (5). 53, s. 54

sch. 5.

. 15(2) (a)am. . 20 (2) expld. 53, s. 16(1). 53,s. 16 (ft

2 * 2

37816

lxviii

Effect of Legislation

2 &3 Eljz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6:

c. 60—com. Housing Act, 1949 . 20 (3) (a)am. . 20 (3) (c) am. . 20 (4) rep. in pt. am. ... f . 21 (1) saved . 21 (1) proviso rep. ... . 22 am. ext excl. . 23 (1), power to mod. . 23 (1) (6) am. expld. . 23 (1) (c) restr. . 23 (1) (c) (ii) mod. ... . 23 (1) (a) rep. in pt... 53, s. 16 (1). 53,8.16(2). 53, ss. 16 (4X 54 (4X sch. 5. 53. s. 16(4). .I. No. 478. 53, s. 16 (4). 53, s. 54 (4X sch. 5. 53, s. 16 (6). 53, s. 37 (1). 53, s. 37 (4). 53, s. 16 (3). 53, s. 16 (7). 53, s. 37 (5). 53, s. 37 (5). 53, s. 16 (8). 53, s. 54 (4), sch. 5.

c. 67 Civil Aviation Act, 1949 Saved (E.) (.) . 41 (2) appt 64, s. 7 (1). .I. No. 829, art 56.

c. 76 Marriage Act, 1949 . 35 (1) (a)subst . 35 (2) subst Pt. V (ss. 68-71) appl. (visiting forces). 47,s.2. 47, s. 1. .I. No. 635, art. 11, sch. 3.

c. 87 Patents Act, 1949 Ss. 46 (except subs. (6)), 47, 48 appl. (visiting forces). . 46 (2) am . 51 appl. (E.) (prosp.) .I. No. 635, art. 11, sch. 3. 32, s. 6 (4), sch. 3. 67, s. 4 (4).

c. 88 Registered Designs Act, . 12, and sch. 1, paras. 1 .I. No. 635,

1949. (exc. sub-para. (6)), 2, 3 appl. (visiting forces). art. 11, sch. 3.

c. 89 Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949. Excl. (visiting forces) ... .I. No. 635, art. 8 (3).

c. 94 Criminal Justice (Scot- Ss. 38 rep. in pt., 41 (2), 43, 48, s. 78 (IX

land) Act, 1949. 45-49 rep., sch. 7 rep. in pt., sch. 11 rep. so far as relating to the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, or the Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914. sch. 4.

c. 96 Auxiliary and Reserve Forces Act, 1949. Ss. 10,11 appl. (temp.)... 10, s. 3 (IX

c. 97 National Parks and Access to the Country- . 97 (5) am 72, s. 71 (IX sch. 7.

side Act, 1949. Sch. 1, para. 1(3) (6) am. 53, s. 50 (2) (cX

c. 101 Justices of the Peace Act, 1949. . 27 expld. (prosp.) ... 70. s. 167.

C.A.M. No. 5 Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944(Amendment) Measure, 1949. Rep. .. C.A.M. No. 2, s. 4.

14 Geo. 6:

c. 14 International Organisations (Immunities and Privileges) Act, 1950. Saved • 44, s. 25 (3X

c. 15 Finance Act, 1950 . 15 saved 44, s. 2 (5).

c. 19 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1950. . 3 cont until 1.8.55 ... 54, s. 5 (IX

A.D. 1954

Effect of Legislation

lxix

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

14 Geo. 6:

c. 26 Adoption Act, 1950 ... Ss. 13,14 appl .I.No.796.

c. 27 Arbitration Act, 1950 ... Exd .I. No. 139,

sch., art. 5 (3).

c. 28 Shops Act, 1950 Sch. 2, para. 1 (i) appl. .I. No. 635,

(visiting forces). art. 11, sch. 3.

c. 32 Army Reserve Act, 1950 Appl. (mod.) (temp.) ... . 1 (2) am. (temp.) . 1 (5) expld. (temp.) ... 10, s. 3 (3).

10, s. 3 (3). 10, s. 3 (5).

. 6 (1) (a)am .I. No. 837.

c. 33 Air Force Reserve Act, Appl. (mod.) (temp.) ... 10, s. 3 (4).

1950. . 1 am. (temp.) 10, s. 3 (4).

expl. (temp.) 10, s. 3 (5).

. 6 (1) (a)am. .I. No. 837.

c. 34 Housing (Scotland) Act, . 3 restr. 50,8.13(2).

1950. . 8 (3) proviso rep. ... 50, ss. 14 (3),

44 (3), sch. 4.

. 9 mod . 10 mod . 12(1) mod 50, s. 3(1) (a)(3). 50, s. 3 (1) (a). 50, s. 3 am.

. 12 (2) mod. 73, s. 39.

. 15 excl. . 16 appl . 17 (4) appl 50,s.6(2). 50,s.3(3). 50, s. 3 (5).

mod. 73, s. 39.

Pt. Ill (ss. 25-47) saved 50, s. 8 (1).

. 25 (3) mod. 50, s. 2 (1).

. 25 (3) (ii) ext. 50, s. 2 (3).

. 29 (2) restr. 50, s. 2 (2).

excl. 50, 8. 2 (4).

. 30 mod 50, s. 2 (1).

. 36 (2) mod. Pt. V (ss. 60-83) appl.... 73, s. 39. 50, s. 13 (1). 50, s. 10 (1).

. Ill (2)expld.

. 111(3) (e)am. 50, s. 10(2).

. Ill (4) am 50, s. 10 (3).

. 112 (1) subst. 50, s. 10(4).

. 113 am 50,8.10(5).

. 114 (l)am 50,8.10(6) (7).

. 125 (b) rep, 125 proviso 50, s. 44 (3),

rep. in pt. . 131 (1), paras, () (e) sch. 4. 50, s. 11 (3).

added. . 137 ext 50, s. 9 (1).

. 157 excl 50,s.6(2).

. 166(1) (2) (5) appl.... 50, s. 41 (2).

. 178 appl . 184 (2) appl Sch. 6, Pt. I am. 50, s. 25 (8). 50, s. 39 (2). 50, s. 11 (1).

Sch. 8, para. 11A added 50, s. 11 (2).

c. 35 Food and Drugs (Milk, Power to apply (Crown) 67,8.30(1).

Dairies and Artificial (prosp.)

Cream) Act, 1950. . 1 ext. (prosp.) 67, s. 11 (1).

. 1 (1) (definition of 67, s. 11 (3).

4* milk *) excl. (prosp.) . 1 (1) (k) rep. (prosp.) 67, ss. 6 (9),

36 (2), sch. 4.

. 1 (2) am. (prosp) ... 67, s. 36 (1),

sch. 3.

Ss. 2, 3 am. (prosp.) ... 67, s. 11 (4).

. 4 (2) subst. (prosp.)... 67, s. 36 (I),

sch. 3.

Effect of Legislation

2 A3EUZ.2

bcx

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or m

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Meaaonecr

of Measure Statutory Iostnnoi

14 Geo. 6:

c. 35—cont. Food and Drugs (Milk, . 5 rep. (prosp 67, ss. 1$ (a.

Dairies and Artificial 36 (2X sc*.

Cream) Act, 1950- . 7 am. (prosp.) . 7 (5) (6) am. (prosp.) 67, s. 11 (41

con/. 67, a. 36 tlk

sch. 3.

. 9 (1) (e) expkd. (prosp.) . 9 (4) rep. in pt (prosp.) 67, a. 11 (5). 67, a. 36 (1) CX

sefas. 3, 4. 67, ss. 18 (r 36 (2). xt < 67, a. 36 ill sch. 3. 67, ss. 11 fe

. 11 rep. (prosp.)

. 15 (2) subst. (prosp.)

. 16 rep. (prosp.)

36 (2), sek *

Ss. 17 (1) (a\ 18 (1) (3) 67, a. 36 (I

(4) am. (prosp!) sch. 3.

< . 29 rep. (prosp.) 67, as. 12 i\ 36 (2), sdLt 67, a. 36 (1) a schs. 3,4. 67, s. 36 C sch. 3. 67, a. 36 nk sch. 3. 67, a. 36

. 30 rep. (prosp.)

. 31 am. (prosp.)

. 34 (1) am. (prosp!) ...

rep. in pt (prosp.)

sch. 4.

. 34 (2) rep. (prosp!) ... 67, a. 36 (1) G schs. 3, 67, a. 36 Cl

. 36 (5) rep. (prosp.) ...

sch. 4.

Sch. 1 excl. (prosp!) ... Sch. 1, para. 1 am. (prosp!) 67, a.U(4)p» viso. 67, ss. 17,36 fit

sch. 3.

Sch. 1, para. 1 (a) am. 67, a. 36 fll

(prosp.) sch. 3.

c. 36 Diseases of Animals Act, Saved 30, a. 4 am

. 1950. Appl. (mod.) (air trans- 39, s. 11 (IX

port). Meaning of "master" ext. 39, s. 11, sch 2,

pant 1(3)

. 20 (u) (meaning of 39, a. 11, ai. 1

• "coasting vessels") ext. para. 1 (2)

. 20 (x) (meaning of 39, a. 11, «hl

" inland transit ") ext pant 1 (2)

. 21 (1) (iii) ext 39, a. 11, ick;

. 23 (b)ext para. 1 (1). 39, a. 11, :

. 24 ext para. 1 (IX 39, a. 11, Kk 1

. 33 (1) ext para. 2(1) 39, a. 11, sch. 2,

, . 39 mod para. 2(3) 39, a. ll.Kkl

f . 78 ext. para. 3. . 39, a. 11, *k:

. 84(3) (a)ext para-2 (2) .I. No. 699.

* . 84 (3) (b)(ii) ext ... .L No. 26L

A.D. 1954 Effect of Legislation toxi

\ Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

. of Measure Statutory

Instrument

14 & IS Geo. 6: 10,8.3(6).

c. 10 Reinstatement in Civil . 8 (1) am. (temp.)

Employment Act, 1950. 27, s. 1 (1),

c. 11 Administration of Justice Saved

(Pensions) Act, 1950. Ss. 2-8 appl proviso. 37, s. 2.

. 26 (1) am. (" relevant 38,8.1(1) (5).

service*). Sch. 1 am 37, s. 2 (a).

c. 15 Local Government (Scot- . 4cont. until 31.12.55... 69,s.l(l).

land) Act, 1951.

c. 20 Overseas Resources Devel- Ss. 1-3 rep. (p ... 71, s. 6 (3), sch. 2,

opment Act, 1951. PL I.

c. 23 ... ... Reserve and Auxiliary . 13 rep 10. s. 5 (1), sch.

Forces (Training) Act, 1951. 1 (3 Eliz. 2), ss. 3,

c. 34 National Insurance Act, . 2 (2) am

1951. 5, sch. 5.

c. 37 Telegraph Act, 1951 ... Rep. 28, s. 2 (5), sch.

c. 38 Leasehold Property (Tem- Ss. 3,4 (1), 5 rep. 56, s. 68 (1),

porary Provisions) Act, sch. 7, Pt. II.

1951. Ss. 6,7 rep 56, s. 68, schs. 7,

1 PL II, 9 paras. 2, 3,10,11.

f . 8 (4) (5) rep 56, s. 68 (1),

sch. 7, PL II.

T* PL II (ss. 10-15) rep. ... 56, s. 68, schs. 7

e Pt. II, 9 paras. 2, 3,10,11.

. 20 (1) rep. in pt ... 56,8.68(1), sch.

f 7 PL II.

c. 42 Ministry of Materials Act, Rep. (saving) .l. No. 1028.

1951.

c. 43 Finance Act, 1951 . 3 rep 44, s. 35 (9),

*» sch. 6.

. 12 ext 44, s. 5 (1).

- e. 48 Dangerous Drugs Act, Pt. Ill (ss. 8-10) appL ... .I. Nos. 1029,

1951. art. 1, 1367, art. 1.

excl. ... .I. No. 1029,

art. 2.

f 1 . 11 (l)exd .I. No. 1030.

«. 49 Slaughter of Animals Rep 59, ss. 2 (6), 11(1),

c: (Amendment) Act, 1951. sch. 2, Pt. II.

c. 51 Isle of Man (Customs) . 1 cont. until 1.8.55 ... 54, s. 5(1).

Act, 1951.

: c. 58 Fireworks Act, 1951 ... . 5 (3) appl. (visiting .I. No. 635,

forces). art. 11, sch. 3.

«. 60 Mineral Workings Act, 1951. . 3 (2) am Ss. 5,6 rep 72, ss. 56 (1), 71 (1), sch. 7. 72, ss. 56 (3), 71 (2), sch. 8.

. 7 rep 72, s. 71 (2), sch. 8. 72, s. 71 (2),

r

. 29 rep. ... < sch. 8. 73, s. 70 (2),

I sch. 9.

. 30 rep. ... 4 72, ss. 55 (6), 71 (2), sch. 8. 73, ss. 57 (6),

I 70 (2), ach. 9.

xxii Effect of Legislation 2 &3 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

14 A 15 Geo. 6:

c. 60—eont. Mineral Workings Act, r 72, s. 71 (A

1951—cont. . 31(1) rep. ... 1 sch. 8. 73, s. 70 CO,

I sch. 9.

. 39 (1) and (2) rep. in 72, s. 71 C2X

pt, sch. 2 rep. Sen. 3appL sch. 8. 72,s.56(2).

am. 72, s. 71 (1) (3X

sch. 7.

c. 65 Reserve and Auxiliary . 16 (2) (b)subst (.)... subst (E.)... 50,8.25 (4).

Forces (Protection of 53, s. 33 (4).

Civil Interests) Act, . 16 (2) (bb) added (.) 50, s. 27 (3X

1951. added (E.) 53,8.35(3).

. 64 (1) and sch. 1 am. 10,5.3(6).

(temp.).

IS A 16 Geo. 6 A

1 Eliz. 2: c. 4 Pneumoconiosis and Ext. (mod.) 16,8.1(1)®.

B^ssinosis Benefit Act, . 1 (1) (a) rep. in pt and am. 16,8.2(1).

. 2(1) (a)subst . 2 (1) (6) am. 16,8.2(3). 16,8.1(3).

. 3 (2) am. . 4(2)saved 16, s.2(l) (6). 16,s.2gX 16,8.4(2).

. 6 (2) (a) rep. in pt., 6 (2) (b) rep.

c. 10 Income Tax Act, 1952... . 29 (3) saved 62,8.10(2).

. 34 (2) (3) rep. 44, ss. 26 (A 35 (9), sch. A

. 64 appl . 67 (2) rep. in pt .L No. 1366. 44. ss. 26 OX

. 82 exd . 83 excl. . 117 excL . 120 exd . 122exd. 35 (9), sch. 6. 32, s. 6 (2) (a) (- intm 44,s. 24 (IX 32,8. 6(2) (dX

Ss. 127-128 appL . 129 appl . 129 (3) appl 44,5. 18(6). 44,8. 18 (6X 44, s. 17 (9»X

sch. 3, para. 2(3X

. 130 appl 44, as. 17 (9X 18 (6), sch. 3,

. 143 ext para. 2 (2). 44, s. 17 (9X

Ss. 177 (2), 182 (2) exd. . 190 exd sch. 3, para. 6. 32,s.6(ft(cX 44, s. 24 (IX

Pt X mod. 44, s. 16, sch. 2.

appl. (mod.) 44, a. 17 (9X

sch. 3, para. 4.

amid, (demolitions) Pt. X, Cn. I appl. (mod.) 44,s.21. 44, s. 16 (2) (5X

exd. in pt... 44,8. 16(6).

expld. . 265 (6) exd. Pt X, Ch. II appi. (mod!) exd. in pt 44,8.21 (IX 44.8. 16 (1IX 44.8. 16 OX 44.8. 21 OX

A.D. 1954

Effect of Legislation

lxxiii

Session and - Chapter of 1954 Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

15 & 16 Geo. 6 &

1 Eliz. 2: c. 10—cont. Income Tax Act, 1952 Ss. 277 (2), 279 (2) excL 44, s. 16 (11).

—cont. . 292 (1) am 44, s. 16 (8),

sch. 2, para. 6.

. 296 (1) (6) (iii) am. ... Pt. X, Ch. Ill appl. (mod.) 44, s. 16 (8), sch. 2, para. 7. 44, s. 16 (4).

expld. ... . 309 (1) excl . 314 appl. (mod.) . 323 (3) excl. in pt ... 44, s. 21 (3). 44, s. 16(11). 44, s. 16(5). 44, s. 18 (10),

sch. 4, para. 5.

. 324 (1), proviso, am. 44,8.20(8).

. 329(1) ext 44, s. 17 (9),

. 332 ext sch. 3, para. 8. 44, s. 22

Pt. XI appl. (mod.) 44, s. 17 (9),

expld. sch. 3, para. 4. 44,s.210H8). 44, s. 16 (6).

. 336 appl. (mod.)

. 337 expld. . 337 (3) ext . 341 ext . 342 appl 44, s. 16 (6). 44, s. 21 (4). 44. s. 20. 44, s. 17 (9),

sch. 3, para. 3.

. 345 appl 44, s. 18 (10), sch. 4, para. 1;

.I. No. 1366.

. 350 (2) excl . 425 (1A) added Ss. 428, 431, 436 appl... 44, s. 18 (10), sch. 4, para. 5. 44, s. 19. 44, s. 18 (10),

sch. 4, para. 1.

. 442 excl. in pt 44, s. 18 (10),

. 462 saved sch. 4, para. 5. 44, s.24<5).

Sch. 6 appl. (mod.) 44, s. 18 (10),

sch. 4, para. 6.

Sch. 14, paras. 3 and 4 44, s. 23.

am.

c. 29 Family Allowances and Appl. (mod.) .I. No. 863.

National Insurance

Act, 1952. Sch. 1 am 1 (3 Eliz. 2),

ss. 1 (1), 5, sch. 1.

Sch. 2 (exc. s. 14(1)) am. 1 (3 Eliz. 2),

ss. 1 (2). 5, sch. 2.

Sch. 3 am 1 (3 Eliz. 2),

ss. 2 (1), 5, sch. 3.

Sch. 4 am. 1 (3 Eliz. 2),

ss. 2 (2), 5, sch. 4.

c. 33 Finance Act, 1952 . 2 (1) rep. in pt, 2 (6) 44, s. 35 (9),

(7), sch. 1 rep. sch. 6.

c. 34 Post Office and Telegraph (Money) Act, 1952. . 2 rep 62, s. 26 (1), sch.

lxxiv

Effect of Legislation

2&3EUZ.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1954 Act or number of Measure or Statutory

Tnrtnwnatf

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & lEliz.2: c. 44

c. 53 ... c. 55 ...

c. 61 ...

c. 67 ...

1 &2 Eliz. 2: c. 2 ...

c. 13 ...

c. 16 ...

Customs and Excise Act, 1952.

Housing Act, 1952 Magtarates* Courts Act,

Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1952.

Visiting Forces Act, 1952

AppL (mod.) (supplies to H.M. ships).

. 150 (1) (a) appl. (visiting forces).

. 150 (3) ext

. 212 (1) (g) ext (I. of M.)

. 214 appl. a of MO-Ss. 216,217 appl. a. of M.)

. 218 (1) (c)() appl.

(1. of M.).

. 218 (1) appL (I. of M.).

Sch. 7 exd

Sch. 10 Pt U, para. 22 rep.

. 3 (3) excL

Exd

. 35 saved (pro

. 114 (1) (<r)-(e) saved...

. 39 appl

Apptd. day (12.6.54) ... Ext (mod.)

.L No. 1406.

5.1. No. 635. art 11. sch. 3.

11, s. 11 (4).

54,8.2(3).

54,s.2(2).

54. 8.2(1) («X 54,8.2(1X6).

54,8.2(1X0).

30,8.7(3).

30, s. 15 (2), sch. 6.

53, s. 33 (7).

61, s. 21.

70, s. 153 (ay 11,8. 11 (5).

48, s. 47 (3).

5.1. No. 633.

.L No. 636.

Civil Contingencies Fund Act, 1952.

Transport Act, 1953 ...

Town and Country Planning Act, 1953.

. 1 (1) cont until 31.12.55.

Expld. (meaning of " statutory provision *). . 21 (1) rep

. 21 (2) appl

rep. in pt

. 21 (3) appl. (mod.) ... . 21 (4) (5 appl.

. 21 (6) appl

. 21 (7) appl

. 22 appl

. 24 (1) appL (visiting forces).

. 35 (5) rep. in pt

Sch. 4 appl

. 2 (1) rep. in pt.

am (E.)

am. (.)

69, s. 1 (1). 64, s. 13 (3

64, 8. 14 (IX sch. 2, Pt II 64,8.5(2X5). 64, s. 14 (IX sch. 2, Pt II 64, s. 5 (2) (5X 64, s. 5 (2) (5X 64, s.5(3) (5). 64, s. 5 (2) (5). 64, 8. 5 (2) (5X .I. No. 635, art 11, sch. 3. 64, s. 14 (IX sch. 2, Pt. a 64, s. 5 (2) (5X

72, s. 71 (2X sch. 8.

73, s. 70 sch. 9.

72, s. 71 sch. 7.

73, s. 70 sch. 8.

ax

ax

ax

. 3 (1) excl. in pt . 3 (1) (a) rep....

. 3 (1) (e) rep.... . 3 (5M7) rep....

72, s. 34 (2).

73, s. 35 (2X

72, s. 71 (2X sch. 8.

73, s. 70 (2X sch. 9.

72, s. 71 GX sch. 8.

73, s. 70 GX sch. 9.

A.D. 1954 Effect of Legislation lxxv

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1 &2EUZ.2:

c. 19 Pharmacy Act, 1953 ... Rep 61, s. 25 (2),

sch. 4.

c. 20 Births and Deaths Regis- . 33 exd .I. No. 1596.

tration Act, 1953.

c. 21 Road Transport Lighting Apptd. days for s. 2 for .l. No. 1104.

Act, 1953. certain classes of vehicle, 1.10.1954, 1.10.1955 and 1.10.1956.

. 1 exd. .I. Nos. 1105,

reg. 29, 1281, reg. 6.

c. 25 Local Government Superannuation Act, 1953. Appl. (Scilly Isles) .I. No. 284.

Appl. (mod.) .I. Nos. 1049,

reg. 4, 1050, reg. 5.

. 18(1) (2) appl. .I. No. 1049,

reg. 19.

c.27 Slaughter of Animals (Pigs) Act, 1953. . 2 rep. 59, ss. 5 (5), 11 (1), sch. 2,

Pt 11.

c. 29 National Insurance Act, Ss. 1(2), 4 (2), 6 (2) rep.. 1 (3 Eliz. 2), ss. 3,

1953. 8 (3) (a)(6) am., sch. 2, paras. 8,10 (2) proviso 5, sch. 5.

(b) am.

c. 34 Finance Act, 1953 . 7 ext 44, s. 2 (7).

. 15 (3) appl ext. (mod.) ... . 19 expld. and ext. ... 44, s. 17 (9), sch. 3, para. 3. 44, s. 20 (1). 44, ss. 18 (8),

20(5), sch. 4.

. 19 (1) appl 44, s. 18 (8).

. 20 (5) expld .I. No. 1366.

. 20 (8) appl 44, s. 18 (10),

sch. 4, para. 3.

c. 36 Post Office Act, 1953 ... . 3 exd. (visiting forces) .I. No. 635,

art. 7 (a).

. 44 saved 64, s. 14(7).

c. 40 University of St. Andrews Apptd. day for ss. 1 in pt., 5, 6, for ss. 8 in pt., 14 .l. No. 1031.

Act, 1953. .I. No. 1564.

(1.10.54). Apptd. day for s. 7 and.

so far as not in force, s. 8 (1.7.55).

c. 44 Isle of Man (Customs) . 1 cont. until 1.8.55 ... 54, s. 5 (1).

c. 46 Act, 1953. Licencing Act, 19S? Ss. 35-37 ext

11, s. 6 (2). 11, 8. 11 (1),

. 46 am.

sch. 2.

Pt II (ss. 53-67) cont. 69,s.l(2).

until 31.3.56.

Pt VII (ss. 100-119) ext. ll,s.7 (2).

. 107 ext 11, s. 7 (5).

Ss. 120, 121, 126-7, 129, 11, s. 11 (1),

131-2, 134, 136-142 sch. 2.

am.

. 149 am 11, 8. 11 (1),

sch. 2.

. 149 (8) rep. Ss. 151,153 am. 11, s. 12(3). 11. s. 11 (1),

| sch. 2.

lxxvi

Effect of Legislation

2 & 3Euz.2

Chapter of 1954

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

1 & 2Eliz. 2 :

c. 46—cont. Licensing Act, 1953 . 154 ext 11, s. 11 (3).

—cont. . 156 am 11, s. H (IX

sch. 2.

. 165 (1) appL (visiting .I. No. 635,

forces). art. 11, sch. 3.

. 165 (4) appl 11,1.2(4), sch. 1,

PL I.

Sch. 2 ext. 11, s. 10 (2X

2 A3 Eliz. 2:

c. 7 Air Corporations Act, . 3 rep 36, sa. 1, 8 (3X

1953. sch.

c. 12 Currency and Bank Notes . 4 (3). Apptd. day .l. No. 172.

Act, 1954. (22.2.54).

c. 14 National Museum of . 7 (2). Apptd. day .l. No. 381.

Antiquities of Scotland Act, 1954. (1.4.54).

c. 18 Merchant Shipping Act, .3. Apptd. day (1.7.54). .I. No. 679.

1954.

c. 24 Cotton Act, 1954 Functions of M/Materials .l. No. 1028.

trans. to Bd./Trade.

c. 32 Atomic Energy Act, 1954 . 8 (2). Apptd. day .I. No. 832.

(1.8.54).

c. 39 Agriculture (Miscellaneous .4. Apptd. day (29.9.54). }s.L No. 1137.

Provisions) Act, 1954. . 6. Apptd. day (1.9.54).

c. 42 Slaughterhouses Act, 1954 . 3 (3) am. (prosp.) ... 67, s. 36 (IX

sch. 3.

. 4 (2) am. (prosp.) ... 67, s. 28 (2X

. 5 (1) expld. (prosp.)... 67. s. 28 (3X

. 9 am. 59, s. 1 (4) («X

Sch. 1 para. 2 saved ... 59, s. 1 (3) (6X

c. 48 Summary Jurisdiction . 2 saved (prosp.) 70, s. 153(6).

(Scotland) Act, 1954.

c. 53 Housing Repairs and . 23 (1) (2) excL 56,8.6(5).

Rents Act, 1954.

c. 72 Town and Country Plan- Apptd. day for all pur- .I. No. 1598.

ning Act, 1954. poses (1.1.1955). Appl. (mod.) .I. No. 1706.

Ss. 18 (3) appl, 29 (9) .I. No. 1600.

appl. (mod.).

c. 73 Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, Apptd. day for all purposes (1.1.55). .I. No. 1629.

1954.

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

AND

CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES OF 1954

N.B.—The chapter references are to 2 & 3 Eliz. 2, where otherwise

stated.

[Index removed.]

